one thing her mother prided herself on was being on time and lending a hand .
` ` honey , the last thing i need is the responsibility .
after all , the last thing he needed was to have her here - a reminder of what he could n't have .
her anxious tone was the only thing that could have torn pesh 's attention away from megan .
` ` what has emma always said is the most important thing in a relationship ? ''
the last thing we need is you coming down with something . ''
the last thing i need is for my ass to be the one to lose the family jewels . ''
the first thing that caught my attention was the tattoos on his chest and arms .
the one thing that stood out except for his success as a businessman , was the fact that he had a different woman every couple of months .
but of course , having a bigger family can be such a positive thing , '' she muses , turning up the burner on the stovetop .
in fact , these days , the thing i ' m best known for there is being the daughter of the guy emerson 's ` ` hot mom '' is dating .
so the very last thing i want to see when i walk in front door of my home is dad and deborah , making out like a couple of teenagers against the kitchen island .
i wish i could tell him that i want the same thing from a relationship - to be with someone who challenges me , like he does .
that 'll take a little getting used to - the whole being able to do whatever we please thing .
it 's the sexiest thing , abby .
that was one thing she did n't have , being at school on a scholarship .
the only thing that stopped her was that it would be extremely rude and her mother would be horrified at the breach in manners .
` ` well , that 's the funny thing about chemistry , '' he soothed , the hand touching her throat moved upwards , to rest against her cheek , stroking her full , lower lip sensuously .
if there was one thing rachel hated it was to not know a secret .
the only thing that could make this better would be to know that she would be experiencing dharr '' s touch once again .
the only thing i am feeling guilty about is taking advantage of you .
the only thing that stopped him was the dark circles under her eyes that he could see even in the dim light .
as her eyes became adjusted to the darkness , she realized that she was in hassan 's bed and her arms and legs were tangled with his , the sheets somewhere at the bottom of the bed and his body heat was currently the only thing keeping her warm with the extra efficient air conditioning cooling down the air .
the only thing she heard for several minutes was the waves crashing against the sand and the wind blowing her long , black hair off her shoulders and back .
that pride was one thing that supported her , gave her courage in the face of his overwhelming presence .
pride was a painful thing to maintain , she told herself .
something i 'll never get back but one thing i 'll never give away is my self - respect . ''
that was the only thing that could move him at that moment .
but when she walked in , her upset stomach was the last thing on her mind as she took in the glorious dress that was hanging from a hangar in the middle of the room .
the only thing giving them strength was the fact that she could n't let his touch move away from her body .
but the only thing that caught her attention was the man standing by the window .
` ` since sleeping will be the last thing on my mind when we get to my bed , i will agree with you on that point , '' he said evenly .
that was another thing about her .
at this point , the only thing that mattered was jack 's hands on her , his mouth teasing hers and his body that was so incredible .
she wished she could figure out what was different but the only thing that had changed was jack .
the one thing you missed when examining all of the companies i had you research was the human factor .
along with some irritating sheik 's visit to meet with the president , rocco antoniv 's name was practically the only thing people were talking about lately .
the last thing she wanted was out .
for one thing , it did n't sound very professional .
` ` autumn ... '' ` ` not one thing . ''
the last thing he needed right now was pity .
maybe others would think he was foolish to bet on a relationship that so far had gone nowhere , but one thing he 'd learned during the prolonged battle with his father for control of his own life was that if he fixed his goal in his mind , things had a way of arranging themselves so he got there .
every damn last thing .
that was the last thing he 'd ever be .
it 's going to be at your house , for one thing . ''
the last thing rob wanted was a conversation .
if there was one thing sylvie prized , it was good manners .
she turned him on , for one thing , but her presence also made it hard to breathe .
the only thing he had going for him was the knowledge that the ride was only seven minutes long .
` ` you really have this claustrophobic thing bad , do n't you ? ''
that he was claustrophobic , for one thing .
they were too narrow , for one thing , and they lacked any railings at all .
he 'd deserved it for one thing .
for one thing , she 'd signed a year 's lease with emory .
` ` not a damn thing .
for one thing , it was november .
one thing this place lacks is a shower .
reeling her in until he was the only thing she could think about .
` ` i want to add a bison herd , for one thing .
the color pink stands for unconditional love and that 's my thing , you know ?
` ` look , one thing about the mathesons is once we get an idea into our heads it 's hard to shift us .
the last thing she wanted was to feel sorry for him - not now - but she knew holt did n't have a clue how to fix this .
` ` i can do the whole job myself , for one thing . ''
i know what that word means and there 's not a thing wrong with ned 's brain .
that was one thing she had n't gotten used to since coming home ; the salt - laden fatty foods americans seemed to subsist on .
` ` the thing about courage is , it does n't feel good in the moment . ''
the only thing she did know was that she could n't stop trying - not when she 'd come this far .
the last thing she wanted was to relive the last three days .
` ` that 's just the thing .
she 'd need a whole new wardrobe to match it , for one thing .
` ` that 's just the thing that bothers me .
for one thing , the anglican church was the grandest one in town .
she still cared for him , for one thing .
he lacked the easygoing , down - home attitude , for one thing .
but one thing she did know was that her conversation with carl had helped her more than any she 'd had with anyone else except rose .
` ` lissy , that 's one thing about living out here .
all she wanted from jake was sex so why should she care if he wanted the same thing ?
with her red hair and green dress , there was n't a mousy thing about her , except her embarrassment with her sexuality , which was running rampant lately , she thought .
it was like the world had disappeared and the only thing that mattered was this man and for him to continue kissing her .
` ` that 's one thing you 're going to have to get over when we marry , '' he said and covered her mouth with his , absorbing her gasp with his lips .
alec in the office was one thing but here in his own domain with his tie off and the top buttons of his shirt undone , he looked incredible .
unfortunately , the only thing solid near her was a large male chest .
` ` after tomorrow , you might just be the only thing i 'll be able to think about , brooke . ''
one thing my past had taught me was that big words equaled false promises , resulting in disappointment , and i had more than enough of that already .
besides , i refused to be dependent on jett ; the only thing worse than being single or desperate was to owe a man .
for one thing , i did n't possess that kind of confidence , and for another , my body was currently going through major changes .
her memory had also been the one thing that had kept me caged and frightened , wary and alone ... until i met jett .
i had to admit , not only did she have a gorgeous body with toned legs and hips to die for , but the attire seemed to be her thing , as though she never wore anything else .
` ` but there 's this thing with your height . ''
for a while , we sat there in the stillness , her warmth and touch the only thing that felt real .
` ` long story , but getting into a new relationship is the last thing on my mind right now . ''
the last thing i needed was for her to side with him .
the only thing i remembered was the way jett had broken my fall , and the fake name he had given me , but i could n't share that with the detective .
the last thing i wanted was to be alone .
knowing damn well that jett and tiffany were probably together , laughing , making love , was the last thing that could possibly make me feel good right now .
the last thing i wanted was to owe him in any way .
the last thing on my mind when we left was clothing , and i 'd rushed out the door covered in vomit .
stress is a funny thing .
the smell of vomit had been the first thing that hit me when i entered , and i instantly groaned .
one thing i loved about virginia was the rain .
the only thing i held together was my career .
you 're naturally going to want everyone around you to feel that same exact thing .
apparently i had inherited one thing from him , a good financial sense .
fresh tears blurred my vision , knowing this was the only thing i had left of the man i thought i would spend the rest of my life with .
` ` the only thing that will make this night less than ideal is if you do n't continue what you started in that ballroom and take me right now . ''
angry and pissed - off declan was a new thing .
i 'd awoken this morning , and the first thing that had hit me was her flowery vanilla scent .
the funny thing was , she was actually pretty damn good .
i felt at ease around him now , and i guessed he was probably feeling the same thing .
jealousy was a new thing for me .
the only thing i want right now is to know him . ''
when i was growing up , the one thing i wanted , begged god for every night was a parent who would just hold me at night while i cried .
pretty soon the pain will dull and he 'll be able to wake up in the morning and her face wo n't be the very first thing he thinks about , maybe the second or the third ... and eventually he will be able to go on with life .
one thing my father had proven today was that he was unpredictable .
leah and connor had been nothing more than his ticket to an unlimited supply of booze , and that had been the one thing he needed above all else in life , the one thing he would do anything for .
leah and connor had been nothing more than his ticket to an unlimited supply of booze , and that had been the one thing he needed above all else in life , the one thing he would do anything for .
but it was n't one particular thing that drew me in .
` ` the only thing my mother was allergic to was being kind , generous , or understanding . ''
it seemed to be the thing we excelled at nowadays .
` ` since that day i said good - bye to tom , the only thing that gets me up in the morning is the fact that i know we spent every day of our lives together loving each other as much as we possibly could .
as we came together and my body moved in hers , the only thing i cared about was making sure she never left again .
this was my new reality , but one thing had n't changed - the man by my side .
the only thing that had changed in kara 's life was that she got a bigger house down the street .
that blond hair , blue - eyed boy was the only thing i had in this world .
the only thing i 'd had to settle on were the marshmallows .
right now , he knew the one thing i needed most of all was a distraction from the evening we were about to begin .
as the hallway blurred past us , the last thing i saw was a family portrait .
the only thing she was sure of was that it was going to be expensive .
if it was one thing she knew it was that she and pierce d'amato were in two totally different classes and unless she suddenly won a few hundred million dollars in the super lotto never would their two worlds meet .
she 'd come to pierce ready to give him everything , and he refused the one thing she had to give .
the last thing she needed right now was distraction .
the last thing she wanted was get on robyn 's wrong side .
if there was one thing he knew it was how to fail and keep on coming back .
` ` if there 's one thing i expect from my friends it 's honesty , you know ? ''
you said it was the most important thing to you in a friendship .
the last thing she wanted was for this man to think she was ogling him .
if there was one thing she loved it was her sleep and she was getting less and less of it each day .
the sad thing was , it looked like he had just created a brand new enemy .
carmelita megalos was a tiny woman but her body was the only thing about her that was small .
the last thing she wanted was for rico to see her sweat .
he 'd had sam in his arms , the very thing he 'd been yearning for since he 'd first laid eyes on her , and then he 'd dropped her like a piece of hot coal .
she 'd always prided herself on being strong but this evening she was feeling anything thing but .
competing with the ghost of his late wife was one thing but trying to convince a guilt - ridden man that he deserved happiness was a horse of a different color .
it 's a totally different culture- '' ` ` but that 's the great thing about this team . ''
there were eighteen doctors in the group with specialties ranging from epidemiology to neurology but they all had one thing in common - an intense love for their country which manifested in a shared dream of doing what they could to restore health to the people of that ravaged nation .
truth be told , talk was n't the only thing she wanted .
for one thing , his jaw was too firm for that description .
it was a sad thing when , at age thirty - three , the person you talked with the most was your mom .
the only thing .
and the thing she now found she wanted most was the one thing it seemed he did not have in him to give ... his love .
if there was one thing he admired his parents for , it was that they practiced the rule of never going to bed angry .
but one thing she did make out was the wide grin on his face .
and the last thing she wanted was for this man to use her and then discard her like a worthless piece of rag .
it was the strangest thing but this girl had dug so far under his skin that it was like she was a part of him , a part he could not live without .
` ` that 's one thing we have in common .
but if there was one thing golden knew about reed davidoff it was that he was no chicken , not a man like him who took huge business risks every day , calculated risks that invariably paid off , making him a very rich man .
when she got home the first thing she noticed was carl 's purple peugeot .
but there is one surprising thing about this will . ''
but the worst thing about the whole situation - honestly , the most annoying thing - was that from the very first day she 'd laid eyes on him , even as she was cursing him out her body was tingling with an awareness she had n't felt in the longest .
but the worst thing about the whole situation - honestly , the most annoying thing - was that from the very first day she 'd laid eyes on him , even as she was cursing him out her body was tingling with an awareness she had n't felt in the longest .
the only thing she knew was that he was here , he was conscious and he was talking .
the only thing keeping ransom in his seat was the fact that they were sitting in the middle of nakamo 's , one of the few restaurant options in old harbor .
the last thing she needed in her life right then was stress .
if the bulge in his pants was anything to go by , hot chocolate was the last thing on ransom 's mind just then .
the last thing he wanted right then was conversation .
the last thing she needed was to have to put on a happy face when all she wanted to do was cry .
the last thing she wanted was for him to feel sorry for her .
you made a decision so the only thing left is for you to stick with it . ''
he would not let anybody badmouth arie and the only thing saving vittorio right then was the fact that he held the position of ' father ' .
as simple and as innocent as it was , that move was a keen reminder that food was n't the only thing he 'd been hungering for .
but relaxing was the last thing on rome 's mind .
the next thing he heard was the click that ended the call .
the thing that really got her attention , though , was his soot - black hair which he 'd pulled back in a short ponytail tied at the back of his head with a cord made of leather .
you already have one thing in common . ''
if there was one thing rafe had learned over the years it was never to take on your brother when he outweighed you by more than forty pounds .
the thing was , he 'd never been a ' suit and tie ' , in - office kind of guy .
it was the strangest thing and if anybody had told him that could happen he would have laughed them into the ground .
the only sad thing about the whole affair was , in punishing him she was darned well punishing herself , too .
that night , sleep was the furthest thing from his mind .
now , fully nude , the only thing covering her being the hair on top of her head , lani moved toward ridge , finally ready to put him out of his misery .
lani 's scream was the last thing he heard before everything went black .
if there was one thing she 'd learned , running a business in this tiny town of pequoia , it was to stick to your guns and play tough .
if there was one thing he knew about karin ebbinghaus it was that she did n't stop until she got what she wanted .
having all of those bills off of her back was the most liberating thing that she ever experienced .
the last thing that tracy saw before mr . hayes finally shook her awake was the gun 's handle .
when she did , the deep , rich earthiness of the dish was the first thing that she noticed .
the only thing stopping her from falling to the ground was his unrelenting grip .
the last thing that she needed was for people to think she was as crazy as she felt .
the only thing that convinced me that the flustered man sitting there was the illustrious gregory king were his eyes .
here was a man who was in control all the time , and the only thing he wanted was to have someone else take control .
in fact , the only thing that was in focus were her beautiful cream colored high heels , which seemed to dance with a life all their own .
from her dye job , to her eyelashes , to her br**sts , to her emotions , not a single thing about her was real .
in fact , the last thing kaylee larue thought as she attended her sister 's caribbean wedding was that she would meet a man as confident as owen parker .
diana 's bright green eyes were the last thing i saw as the mist turned to darkness and i felt myself fall into it .
the only thing i was succeeding at was making him angry .
` ` it was a special thing , and you did n't have yours anymore .
i had met the woman just before robbie and i got on the plane , and she was the closest thing to a real - life mary poppins i had ever met , down to the british accent .
the last thing i wanted was to be out in a storm .
coherent thoughts on scheduling the day were the last thing on my mind , but i managed to do it .
i was the only thing that mattered with those dark brown eyes absorbing me .
the last thing i wanted was to be so close to logan .
the only thing that kept him from airbrushed gq magazine perfection was the red sunburn across the bridge of his nose .
the last thing i wanted was any sort of attraction to a man like him .
the last thing i wanted was for logan to see me trip and come help me .
the first thing i noticed was n't the dark blue designer suit that fit him like a glove , or the way all his hair but one stray curl was smoothed back , or even the scent of his cologne ; no , it was that he looked tired .
he was the only thing that mattered .
the sensation of being filled to the brink was the only thing in my world that mattered .
the only thing that could have made the last two weeks better was if aiden had come back .
my heart was threatening to shatter into a million pieces and the only thing holding me together was the fact we were both holding my shoe .
the thing that the pictures never conveyed was the strength and power that radiated off him in waves .
the one thing that i knew made me worth something .
it was the first thing i thought of when dr . verner had mentioned electrical problems of the heart .
the last thing i remembered was sitting down on the couch to try and get some work done while dad rested .
charlotte was the closest thing to family i had until gabe moved in next door .
marcus was the one thing we had in common .
except the only thing in her pocket was lint .
` ` it was not one thing .
it may be the only thing to cling to in the lonely months ahead , left in the villa with two people she could barely communicate with .
if there was one thing seeing her mother dying had taught her , it was that life was too short not to tell the important people in your life how you felt .
the last thing alyssa wanted to do was walk into the office looking the way she did .
if there was one thing he 'd inherited from his paternal grandmother , it was her determination .
for one thing , he did n't need the added pressure of living up to someone 's expectations .
for one thing , he had yet to prove himself with the business she 'd given him to run .
her feelings for him had been the only thing that he 'd failed to detect and she had no reason to believe that had changed .
that was exactly the way she 'd felt , but for one thing , he had no idea that she had romantic feelings for him .
if there was one thing he knew about his executive assistant , it was that her word was as good as any signed contract .
and the very last thing he intended to do was hurt her any more than he had already done .
he 'd noticed things about her that he 'd never paid attention to before - how sweet and feminine her voice sounded , how pretty she was when she smiled and how graceful and sensual every move of her body was when they got out of the car at the scenic overlook and when they 'd strolled through the aquarium .
` ` well , for one thing it 's dark and we 're alone on this section of the mountain . ''
he had to give her credit for one thing : emerald larson was damned good at getting what she wanted .
but the one thing that has n't changed is how much i want you . ''
but the last thing she needed was to have two brothers in full ` ` overly protective big brother '' mode telling her what they thought she should do , while she was trying to deal with a badly broken heart .
` ` i ' ve always had this thing about being right .
i promise the only thing different will be the color of the walls and carpet . ''
the one thing that emerald had respected and taken great pains to protect was her grandchildren 's right to privacy .
you look gorgeous in anything , and one thing i know for certain is that you have fantastic taste with the things you buy .
if there was one thing that mandi had learned it was that sophia was used to getting her way .
if there was one thing she knew is how challenging it could be to switch gears when you were a focused person .
his busy schedule was one thing that she could n't change .
mandi admired that about him and it was the one thing that they were most similar in .
the last thing she wanted was the things that sergio had bought for her , including the beautiful butterfly necklace .
the only thing wrong with me was the whole bogus interview .
the only thing that was n't ideal was the voice in the back of my mind warning me to proceed with caution .
the last thing he needed was to run into her precious jacob .
the last thing she wanted was to get him riled up .
the first thing that daniel noticed was the white quilt that had little blue flowers sewn on it .
she wanted to say more , but the last thing she wanted to do was to break down in front of this kind man .
the one thing companies hate more than anything is bad press .
` ` the last thing i want is your body . ''
the last thing he wanted was to feel another burning slap on his cheek .
she tried to stay away but the last thing she was willing to give up was her childhood memories .
the last thing i wanted to do was fall in love with emily carson . ''
the last thing he 's probably thinking about is me . ''
she was encouraged to socialize with only people ' of her own stature ' , and the last thing she wanted was to hang out with anyone who represented everything she disliked .
there was one good thing about being kept so isolated .
she 'd never been held like this , and all she wanted to do was live right where she was , and the last thing she wanted to do was cry .
with everything matthew shared , the last thing she ever wanted to do was hurt him .
his old chevy was a deathtrap , and the last thing she wanted was to have him stranded in this neighborhood .
the last thing becky was going to do was yell at her .
the last thing sylvia wanted was a baby .
the last thing i want to do is hop back in her life just to have her throw me out of it again . ''
` ` same thing . ''
but maybe pregnant women could recognize each other , some sort of pheromone thing .
he almost laughed , except laughing was the last thing on his mind .
the last thing dani wanted on her first day on the job was to get into a catfight with her playboy boss 's blond - barbie - doll - girlfriend .
` ` but the funny thing is - normally i have to work at it .
the last thing i want is a clingy guy .
the thing is he actually likes women and it comes across .
` ` you brought me up to think the business is the only thing that matters . ''
his laugh was infectious , his intelligence a complete turn on and his voice was the sexiest thing she 'd ever heard .
that was the last thing she wanted him to think of her .
he distracted her worrying with his deep voice saying , ` ` name one other thing . ''
the first thing she saw was the fire .
that had been the one thing they 'd initially had in common .
that was the thing about traditions , even the crazy ones .
so far , besides her strict upbringing , the only thing bad he 'd discovered about this slender woman was the way she wanted to live out a boring life with a man who thought and acted exactly like she did .
` ` if it 's one thing i ' ve learned in business it 's that one should never make assumptions .
women wanted one thing from him and he wanted one thing from them .
the only thing that could have made the trip better was to find herself in bed with her handsome tour guide .
the last thing she wanted was for this dynamic , powerful man to see her despair .
all day , she toiled at something , just keeping her hands busy was the most important thing .
that was another thing he had n't known about her and he liked it .
the first thing she noticed was that there was a tension that was not normal .
looking down , he noticed one more thing about her .
the last thing sasha needed right now was another derisive snort .
the only thing stopping her was the challenge that showed up in his eyes when he looked over at her as she approached their table .
the only thing that stopped her was the curious stares from the others working nearby .
the noises she made were moans or sighs of pleasure as his hands touched , his mouth nipped and licked , her body arched and her hands reached out for him , the only steady thing in her world right now as his hand easily discarded her bra before his hands molded her breasts , massaging them before taking them into his mouth once again , increasing the pressure .
the only thing that got her going was the thought of seeing mitch during the day .
` ` i love you , '' she said and reached up to kiss his jaw , the only thing she could reach when he stood up straight like this .
the loft was basically the only thing she had left .
the only thing keeping her here in her chair was the fact that she did n't know of another way out .
when she stepped into his penthouse , the first thing she noticed was her laptop and monitor , plus all of her other hardware , was set up by the window of his massive great room .
she was sitting on the bar stool looking like she was ready to bolt and the only thing keeping her in place was his cooking .
he 'd planned to show her the same thing on several other levels but this one was the most elemental .
but if there was one thing sam was very good at , it was patience .
stating that out loud made her realize one thing that was bothering her about her relationship with sam .
` ` sure thing , '' stacy marabeth 's coffee .
tara knew that leaving during the intermission would be unbelievably rude and that realization was the only thing that stopped her from turning to the right which led to the exit and freedom .
but the only thing she 'd eaten so far today was the coffee she 'd grabbed for breakfast .
the last thing she thought of before sleep carried her away was that her dress and the stranger 's tie matched perfectly .
the last thing he remembered was her hand curling up against him and her soft , sweet sigh of contentment as she fell asleep .
` ` food is definitely one thing i can improve upon in this place , '' she thought with determination .
` ` honey , it 's actually the sexiest thing about you .
antonia wrapped her legs around his waist , trying to hang on to the only thing in her universe .
what 's the best thing about everything you ' ve been doing ?
the only thing that kept her decent was the fact that they were in a public place .
that was n't the only thing , he told himself .
that was the only thing holding him back from making love to her tonight .
the only thing showing through those magnificent eyes was shyness and desire .
michael untied the bow at her waist which was the only thing holding her dress on .
` ` laci unpregnant is one thing .
` ` ed will be calling you tomorrow morning , first thing , ' she said .
` ` possibly the same thing that is wrong with vanilla ice cream . ''
that 's one thing that the two men do n't have in common , '' ellie said .
i think i just needed some sleep , '' she said and stood on tiptoe to kiss his chin , the only thing she could reach because of his height .
his greek accent was so pronounced right now , and that meant only one thing .
it was the first thing people would likely notice about her .
she liked the fact that she and domenico would have another thing in common .
he ignored it again even though lately he had been having cold showers every night - the only thing that kept him from trying to seduce misty in her own home .
if there was one thing she learned about vampires , then it was that they had nothing goodness left in them .
` ` the woman standing next to me is the most precious thing to me .
but one thing he did not goddamn do was smile .
saffi 's gasp came out strangled , and it became harder and harder to breathe as staffan came closer , a six - foot - five silver - haired man whose face was literally the first and last thing she saw before she slept and when she woke up .
for one thing , she could n't risk having any photographer identify her and blow her disguise .
when they entered the huge concert hall , where a part of it had been temporarily set aside for dance practice , the first thing saffi saw was mitch .
the first thing he saw was saffi , standing at the edge , a concentrated frown on her face .
for one thing , few people knew that he was fond of photography .
the most heartbreaking thing about the scene in front of her - he was not alone .
the entranced expression on pearl 's face as she listened to her daughter speak her vows was the only thing that kept his iron control intact .
when she opened her eyes , the first thing she saw was a check for two million dollars thrown in front of her .
` ` the silly thing about this is that i should be playing a game , doing my best to seduce you or make you pity me but ... i ' m not .
there 's no real saffi - not one goddamn real thing about you because you 're full of shit . ''
the thing is , we 're not really interested about where you ' ve graduated , what your degree is , or even where you worked previously . ''
her face was also perfectly made up , as always - the one thing that i secretly envied her for .
` ` is that the only thing bothering you ? ''
this was another thing i loved about george .
` ` sweetheart , '' he murmured , letting go momentarily of my lips but nothing else , ` ` you anger me , confuse the hell out of me , but one thing i will never feel is ashamed of you . ''
the last thing i saw was constantijin 's cold and impassive face before the elevator 's doors closed on us .
besides , the only thing her screams and tantrums did now was to give me a headache .
constantijin opened the last door , and the first thing i saw was a sweeping staircase .
and the funny thing was , i thought the same .
but the best thing about it was that it even had its own freaking museum .
` ` same thing as yesterday , '' he muttered and hair the color of sunshine filled his vision , along with the smell of coconut tantalizing his senses .
as they walked through the two bedroom cottage , she pointed out every little thing she loved about it .
` ` i know you wanted the house , melanie , but there 's not a thing wrong with living in a trailer park . ''
the only thing that counts is if you can live with your decisions and their consequences . ''
` ` you mean , teasing thing . ''
there was no such thing as the perfect moment to reveal a lover 's betrayal .
his honesty was the one thing that could convince her to take another chance .
that was the worst thing about sasha .
it 's the best damn thing about them . ''
the last thing sasha would want to hear about is skye 's theories on holistic medicine .
jason everett had been right about one thing : rose was an exception to every rule .
` ` not a damn thing . ''
* * * the worst thing about coming to terms with all the lies rose had been told was confronting her worst fears .
` ` one thing you got from me and your momma is pride , honey .
there 's not a damn thing wrong with wanting to do it your own way . ''
` ` best thing about daisy barnes is her friendly nature .
the only thing sebastian loved was romanov industries , not that that mattered to her .
` ` i know what you think you need , daisy , but you 'd regret it in the morning , and the last thing i ever want to see in your eyes is regret . ''
the last thing she remembered talking about was the church of st . clemmons .
and right now , the last thing she wanted to do was to make sebastian happy .
` ` there 's no such thing as perfection , not really . ''
` ` well , there is one thing i 'd change about you , '' she said .
the only thing that had gotten her through it all had been the support of isabella and haven , and the sudden rush of having to come up with zoe and christian 's menu - two months ahead of schedule .
the only thing that mattered was family , and he was n't family .
the first thing summer noticed about the edwards house was the noise .
the second thing she noticed was all the kids .
` ` the only thing we have in common is an attraction to one another , but that would n't last , would it ? ''
her angel did n't require anything from her at all , but for her to be her , and that was the best and the worst thing about their situation .
the best thing about your grandfather 's will is that there 's no timeline .
which is the absolute worse thing about you .
` ` the same thing as my greatest joy , '' she replied .
the only thing conservative about tristan was his occupation , but the ladies around here loved him .
one thing she did n't need was to indulge in an attraction for a man she had nothing in common with but a baby they were both responsible for .
the only thing familiar about him was the scowl .
there 's too much sodium for one thing .
` ` in the end , what you feel is the only important thing . ''
she was feeling a little vulnerable at the moment and the last thing she needed was to be too near simon .
the only thing that mattered was her .
` ` as if you 're the only thing in the room , '' anna said with a smile .
that was the one thing he and sage had always shared in common - the need to go it alone .
for one thing , it did n't kill mr . lassiter , and it 's just too amazing to be tossed into the dark abyss that is your closet . ''
` ` and for another thing , trust me when i say that when sage gets a look at you in this dress- '' jenna took a step back , swept her gaze up and down colleen and whistled ` ` -it wo n't be funerals that 'll spring to mind . ''
and the love they shared for sage 's sister was the one thing he and j.d .
his family was one thing .
one thing he could count on was that being with the horses he bred and raised eased his mind .
` ` for one thing , it 's too small .
when they wanted to celebrate the fact that love really was the only thing that mattered .
the only thing that does matter is that we 're here for each other come what may .
her eyes were wide and gleaming with suspicion , and , strangely enough , that did n't do a damn thing to mitigate the attraction he felt as he drew in a breath that carried her scent deep into his lungs .
` ` i learned pretty quickly that with babies in the house there 's no such thing as typical . ''
the one thing he had .
her blood was racing , her mind was in a whirl of conflicting thoughts and emotions , and the only thing she knew for sure was she did n't belong here .
wanted to look up into those pale eyes and know that at least for this moment , she was the most important thing in the world to him .
ever since tasting her , the only thing he wanted was another taste .
now , he was only an arm 's reach away , and the only thing she read on his face was a strength of purpose she could n't identify .
if there was one thing a foster kid learned early on , it was to live in the present .
` ` you are the most important thing in my life .
the last thing she wanted to do was look past the weekend and get disappointed .
she could n't imagine what he was going through ; the last thing she wanted was to make him feel worse .
he was going to come and the last thing he wanted was to come without feeling her pussy around him .
the only good thing about doing it this way was that he could be selfish .
even if he 's only half italian - he certainly got the coloring and the hair thing going on .
he does have that bad boy thing going on '' ... and not to mention his nice ass ?
i better be the first thing he thinks about in the morning !
the last thing i needed was for blake to be angry at me .
that 's the thing when i ' m with blake , i lose track and simply lose my head along the process .
the strangest thing about love is that it does n't stop even if disaster strikes .
one thing i knew about him is that once he commits himself into something , he gave it his all .
the only thing that kept me going was the thought of kyle , my childhood best friend , who was there after each brutal lashing . ''
the only thing that stood out was her eyes and soft glossed lips .
apart from dark circles , the only good thing i gained from my standing nightly vigil was that my nightmares were not hounding me .
this woman , here in my arms , was the only thing that mattered to me .
` ` the only thing going down is this woman , six feet under , '' camilla spat out , pushing the metal against my skin , hard , making me bob my head to the side .
the last thing we needed was to save him from his rotten unrequited love .
the only thing that had mattered , and i had wanted to keep him for as long as i could .
even if she was old and wrinkly , i 'd still think she was the prettiest thing i 'd ever seen ... but her hair ... her hair was one of the things i liked about her .
it was one thing seeing amelia 's casket go six feet under , but watching them put the tiny casket into the ground killed whatever was left in me .
the last thing i needed was to talk to her .
` ` i can do whatever i want , '' he said , challenging me to fight back , yet the last thing i wanted was to fight , let alone banter for his own satisfaction .
the last thing i needed was to dwell on the pain that i had a difficult time quelling .
there were still a lot of questions that riddled my mind , however there was one thing i did know , and that was my love for him .
he was the closest thing to a parent for me .
the need to kiss her barreled through him like a living , breathing thing .
add to that mess the fact that the only thing keeping her from going to jail for murdering her cousin was her intense aversion to every shade of orange .
he was so damn close to taking away the one thing that mattered most to the old man .
the last thing in the world i want is for you to be miserable in salvation when you could be happy somewhere else . ''
lights were the last thing his body cared about at the moment , but he wanted to see keisha as she went over the edge .
that 's one thing he did n't like about company functions .
there was one thing remarkably absent .
the nice thing about a european sensibility regarding love and lovers and marriage and children .
the first thing he noticed about this unfamiliar room was the loud drone of equipment fans .
` ` the sorens were the closest thing to family that logan 's guy had .
the only thing he was hungry for was sitting next to him .
the whole pale skin , dark hair thing , i guess . ''
but still , the principle was the thing .
the only thing devon felt renewed was her decision to take the job in phoenix .
my cheeks were flushed with cold and the last thing was lipstick .
for one thing , i ' m too short . ''
i guess we have one thing in common .
the last thing i wanted was to go on a date .
the last thing she wanted was to feel like she was under someone 's scrutinizing eye .
the one thing he did know was there was no place for madeleine in this scenario .
he was prepared to move out of pacifique de lumiere because the only thing maurice de laurent hated more than being told what to do , was being abandoned by his family .
the room 's size equaled that of camille 's l.a . apartment , but that was the only thing the two spaces had in common .
partly because the last thing he ever wanted to be thought of was a nice guy , but mostly because he found her american point of view hilarious .
the only thing left of his tattered recollections was being held lovingly in a woman 's arms .
food was the last thing tasha wanted , considering her queasy stomach .
` ` i totally get the feeling - like - you're - going - to be - preggers - forever thing , but why on earth do you feel useless ? ''
and if there was one thing tasha knew to be true of claudette - her word was golden .
it 's just that she 'd decided he was more likely to give up one thing in exchange for another , rather than being forced to lose both .
if there was one thing nick had learned in his short , but eventful , acquaintance with lecie and her family , it was that you could accomplish just about anything if you had enough money and you were willing to spend it .
` ` the great thing about owning your own plane is that it leaves when you want it to . ''
` ` that 's the great thing about being a silent partner . ''
` ` the fact that we 're all americans is the only thing we have in common . ''
the only thing missing from it was a man she could love , and more importantly , one who loved her back .
` ` interesting thing about your eyes , stockton , '' he said , looking into them with mesmerising intensity .
the niceties of an encounter were one thing , the niceties of a relationship quite another .
it was a strange thing , life .
for one thing , she did n't like his switch - on switch - off inner mechanism .
the only thing that had changed about him were the silver threads shining through his thick thatch of black hair , giving a more mature authority to his strikingly handsome face - a face which had never lacked authority with its sharply chiselled features adding male strength and character to it .
or maybe it was an innate thing in him , a kind of charisma he 'd been born with .
certainly since he 'd come out of hospital two months ago , he 'd won over her mother with his kindness and consideration , bonded deeply with their daughter , and had set about introducing her to his friends , taking her out to dinners and shows , not concentrating their entire relationship on sex , which was still great , but no longer the only thing they shared .
and the first thing he does on getting naked is let fly with a fountain of pee .
' for one thing , it would n't be a fairy - tale wedding . '
however , the one thing that had niggled him was her strait - laced appearance .
freedom was a powerful thing if she learnt to use it wisely .
she never slipped up on details , which was another thing he liked about her .
sex appeal was a chemistry thing and lucy just did n't have the right elements to spark that kind of interest from him .
the last thing she wanted was to sound boring when james was finding her exciting ... the sexiest woman he 'd ever met !
though they did have one thing in common .
if there was one thing more difficult to deflect than his sizzling sex appeal , it was his curiosity .
the great thing about david jones was it could provide the lot ; classy clothes and accessories , beautician , hair - stylist , manicurist .
an adult who could look after himself was one thing , her own child quite another .
for one thing , dog - minding was not a breeze .
the best thing about it , serena decided , was the pets did n't talk back , dumping all their problems or complaints on the stylist who was expected to dish out unlimited sympathy even when it was obvious there were two sides to be considered .
the odd thing was ... ' he paused and serena made the mistake of meeting his eyes again , dark probing eyes that had the searing intent to scour her mind .
that , he suspected was the big thing with serena , choosing what she wanted .
the last thing he wanted was to be subjected to a hissy fit , and he did n't really care if anya found herself another man .
the one thing she was n't open about was how much her heart had filled with loving him .
' the only thing i ' ve got going for me is a smart brain that keeps me in a good job , and it 's been my experience that most men do n't like too much smart in their women when it comes to personal relationships . '
probably the only thing that had ever been taken from him .
a natural athlete , too , which was one thing they did have in common , along with their tall , powerful physiques .
giving in to sexual chemistry was one thing .
it was the only thing that made sense of this extraordinary move .
as for the rest ... the only thing she could do was deal with one day at a time .
at least , a liking for children was one thing they definitely shared .
it was the last thing tina saw - his face .
' it was the first thing i noticed about you .
the very last thing i need is another confrontation .
the only thing i know for sure is that i ache for her .
still , the important thing is i have lost all fear and apprehension .
he needs me now ' ' your pity is the last thing he needs . '
do you know the thing i missed most after you left ? '
' the only thing i had on my side was the element of surprise . '
at night i trawl the city 's night scene looking for the same thing anyone who crawls into the underbelly of cities finds - moments of forgetfulness between the legs of strangers .
' i have n't really had a chance to speak to blake about many things , but one thing i do know is that if sorab and i were not safe now , i would n't be here talking to you . '
the only thing i am hungry for is you , ' he says , taking the lobe of my ear between his teeth .
all of it is long , or slow , or deep , and when he climaxes he calls my name as if he is falling off a cliff and i am the last thing he sees .
the most surprising thing about her bathroom is the polished mahogany toilet seat .
but the thing about him is he really means it .
the thing about ziporrah is that she is unashamedly black .
it is the most sexually arousing thing to lie there with my legs open , and have him stand over me and avidly watch my wet , open pu**y .
the first thing i notice is how pale he is and the second thing i notice is the way his eyes fly to lana first and then come to rest on me .
the first thing i notice is how pale he is and the second thing i notice is the way his eyes fly to lana first and then come to rest on me .
fate is a strange thing .
thirty - one do you know the only thing that gives me pleasure ?
' she had straight , long hair , a cute little arse and a tattoo around her belly button which i really liked , but believe me , the only thing she communicated was boredom .
it 's a strange thing but walking away from victoria , i feel oddly light and relieved .
' that 's just the thing .
a tiny nugget of suspicion settled in the pit of her stomach , but it did n't do a thing to ease the thumping of her heart .
adam gave her a brief smile that did n't do a thing to ease the cool indifference on his features .
` ` the thorn thing appeals , i 'll admit .
it had no effect of course , because if there was one thing gina was used to , it was that scowl .
the first thing adam saw was one word , in chunky black lettering .
she was already behind schedule and if there was one thing travis appreciated it was a tightly run ship .
the only thing bothering her now was the cramping that had her praying frantically for the safety of her child .
if there was one thing jackson had learned about the woman over the last couple of months , it was that she was far more interested in how things looked than how things really were .
you know , it 's the oddest thing , '' jackson mused as he watched her features register complete and total shock .
in fact , it 's the one thing that almost kept her from marrying me .
loving his daughter was one thing .
when she got out of the car , the first thing she noticed was the noise .
` ` your son is just the cutest thing , '' gina said , grinning at dani .
if there was one thing jesse king knew , it was women .
one thing he did n't need was to have her close enough to touch again .
which was the only thing that kept his voice low .
one thing about justice 's housekeeper , you never had to wonder what she was thinking .
to know she had this effect on a strong man was a heady thing indeed .
` ` being modern is one thing .
the only thing being ` ` sensitive '' had gotten him was three days of missing the woman more than he would have thought possible .
but her eyes told him she was n't ready for that and if there was one thing rafe king knew , it was how to be patient .
as it turned out , of course , the only thing special they shared was that they were both in love with cordell .
but , he reminded himself , if there was one thing rafe knew , it was women .
but , if there was one thing rafe respected , it was loyalty and he could see that feeling ran deep in this woman .
she read regret in his eyes , though that did n't do a thing toward assuaging what she was going through .
the whole ' king glare ' thing does n't work on me .
still , if there was one thing rose had learned in the last year or so , it was that she did n't want anything to do with another alpha male .
he 'd watched it happen to his mother over and over again and had finally realized that the only thing that really mattered in life was trust .
for one thing , you never knew if someone liked you for yourself or for your bank account .
pride 's the one thing you and i always had in common .
the thing is , i 'll come into a trust fund once i get married .
if there was one thing a king could understand - especially , he told himself , this king , it was determination .
he might be quick to a temper , but it faded just as fast , she thought , and chalked it up as one more thing she 'd discovered about her temporary husband .
another thing the king family was known for .
when he finally pulled back , he looked into her eyes and whispered , ` ` the only thing better than dry sex ?
the scent of the sea and the cool air did n't do a damn thing to settle his mind .
` ` another thing i like about you , alex .
funny , but the very thing she found so intriguing about him was what drove her the craziest about her father .
and not one of those reasons meant a damn thing in the face of the clawing need shredding his insides .
you know what 's the one thing they all have in common ?
trust me when i say that 's the one thing i am all too aware of .
love is a powerful thing and , once felt , it 's impossible to walk away from .
this whole maturing thing was a pain in the ass .
most people thought about the kings and the first thing that came to mind was their fortune , or the power they all seemed to wield so easily .
` ` he 's a king , for one thing . ''
not only would his twin never let him forget it if griffin gave up early and went back to work , but leaving the house now would be like running away , and one thing a king never did was turn tail and run .
that was the one thing about her he should understand .
` ` not my favorite thing , either , '' nicole admitted , already dreading the misery she 'd feel when whatever it was she shared with griffin was over .
garrett had always loved going riding , the one thing as twins that they 'd never shared .
feeling this way for your husband was one thing .
the first thing he noticed was that the classical music louis insisted on piping through the room had been replaced by rock , with a beat that kept the entire staff moving from station to station at a busy pace .
one thing she was sure of as far as the kings of california were concerned : family meant everything .
in fact , the only thing that had held her together after signing his divorce papers was finding out she was pregnant .
` ` but that 's the thing , is n't it ?
the one thing she did know was that she would n't surrender .
deliberately , he did n't notice a thing about the place where penny and the twins had been so recently .
if there was one thing jericho king could recognize , it was trouble .
plus , he was n't exactly adventurous with his cooking , which was , frankly , one thing jericho had liked about him .
it had been a long dry summer and the only thing they had going for them was the fact that it had recently rained .
it was n't surprising to him that eustace , godfrey , and lionel were lingering long after the meal was over : for one thing , jennifer looked ravishing in a gown of sky blue velvet trimmed in cream satin .
for one thing , there was the smirk of satisfaction on graverley 's face ; for another , positioned behind graverley were thirty - five of henry 's men - at - arms , who were standing with military rigidity , their faces set and grim .
but the most amazing thing about the room was the window - a large bay window with leaded glass that overlooked the bailey and would make the room cheerful and airy in the daylight .
she felt his presence like a tangible thing even before he slowly slid his arm around her from behind , drawing her back against his body .
and in doing so , he had lost more than she had , for he had managed to lose the only thing he had ever really wanted to possess - this one headstrong , beautiful girl lying beside him .
` ` no - beating 's not at all the thing , ' you know .
she mentioned that very thing to raphael benavente , a handsome , blue - eyed spaniard in his mid - twenties , a few days after he decided to travel with them toward savannah on his way from st . augustine .
for one thing , i am no one 's puppet anymore .
` ` it 's a trifling thing , really , but since you 're already awake , could you just describe me a little ? ''
he liked every damn thing about her .
the only thing she knew for certain was that in addition to all his other unpleasant traits , he 'd spoken to her as if she were a piece of his chattel , and that he was undoubtedly relishing the prospect of hauling her downstairs like a sack of flour in front of his servants if she did n't meet his deadline .
` ` red is not at all the thing , you know , but once my excellent maid has cut it off and styled it , you wo n't see so very much of it . ''
` ` for one thing , they are younger ! ''
` ` well , that 's almost the same thing ... '' ` ` only if you consider idiocy almost the same thing as sense .
that alone was enough to make them wary and distant , but by the end of the week , they 'd also discovered other things about ` ` the rich girl '' that set her apart : for one thing , meredith bancroft spoke more like an adult than a child ; in addition , she did n't know how to play any of the games they played at recess , and when she did play them , her unfamiliarity made her seem clumsy .
that alone was enough to make them wary and distant , but by the end of the week , they 'd also discovered other things about ` ` the rich girl '' that set her apart : for one thing , meredith bancroft spoke more like an adult than a child ; in addition , she did n't know how to play any of the games they played at recess , and when she did play them , her unfamiliarity made her seem clumsy .
the only thing about her appearance that did n't fill meredith with dismay was her hair .
for one thing , his tuxedo did n't fit his broad shoulders as if it had been custom made for him , which meant it was probably rented , nor did he speak with the ingrained assurance of a socialite who fully expects to be welcomed and liked wherever he is .
` ` do you know what my least favorite thing is ? ''
but regardless of the many alterations that bancroft 's had undergone , one thing had not changed : a pair of doormen attired in maroon and gold livery still stood formal sentinel at the store 's main entrance .
for one thing , she 'd always liked lisa 's bluntness .
` ` for one thing , it 's costly to prosecute and she has no prior record .
because of all that , as well as her prior experience in bancroft 's other divisions , she had one thing to offer the board of directors that no other candidate for president had , including gordon mitchell , and that was versatility .
for one thing , it was difficult to sneer at a man who stood six feet four and weighed 245 pounds .
for one thing , you are not old enough or experienced enough to take over the reins of this company . ''
the only thing that had changed in meredith was that she 'd learned tenacity .
for one thing , we had a bomb scare at our new orleans store on monday that cost us a great deal in lost revenue .
` ` the only thing i regret more , '' parker had said dryly , ` ` is that i missed my punch . ''
for one thing , he would n't have much time to rant and rave over each event .
` ` you ' ve deliberately misled me , and that 's the same thing !
the only thing they had in common was that they met meredith 's requirement : each article had to be rare , and it had to be perfect before it was allowed to bear the exclusive new logo that was already famous for symbolizing perfection .
the first thing she noticed was that one of the beautiful fish had died and that two others were swimming around it as if contemplating eating it .
several people saw him go in there - he admitted it himself - yet no one on the film crew could think of a single thing that looked different when they returned to the set .
the only thing that had changed about mathison family dinners over the years was that mary mathison preferred to use the dining room and treat these meals as special occasions , now that all three of her children were grown and had places of their own .
corral would be just plain stupid , and stupid was one thing benedict was not .
but if there was one thing about julie mathison that intrigued him the most , it was her unaffected wholesomeness .
the only thing that was n't numb from cold was her sense of fear , fear that zack would catch her and prevent her from escaping and a new , debilitating fear that if he did n't , she would likely die out here , lost in a blizzard , buried beneath the snow .
because that was the only thing he had to give her .
the only thing that quelled his shout of laughter was the sweet shock of hearing her finally say his name .
for one thing , he avoids me like the plague . ''
as near as anyone could tell , the only thing he cared about was his work .
pete 's bland looks masked a fiery artistic temperament , and the only thing that had saved poor debby sue from his ire at her interference was that zack instantly liked her idea .
for one thing , cecil was a generous benefactor who 'd donated tens of millions of dollars to their favorite charities .
kate paused to center a candle on the table and then said , one thing i could n't ignore was that you 'd let me talk about chicago while you acted as if you 'd never been here .
` ` the thing i find hardest is french , '' she admitted .
` ` for one thing , there was some sort of scandal four years ago .
the only thing that distinguished him from the rest of the noblemen she 'd met was that jason spent a great deal of time in his study working , while the other wealthy gentlemen she 'd met in england seemed to spend all their time in the pursuit of pleasure and diversion .
the funny thing was , she had a fit when she found out jason was a bastard .
` ` well , i 'd like us to be friends , for one thing .
` ` do you know the only thing i dislike about the sea ? ''
which was really rather funny , she thought wryly , because her true nature was any thing but rigid and starched .
furthermore , you arrogant hypocrite , your forgiveness is the last thing i care about . ''
irrationally , the thing that infuriated him the most was that they called her ` ` alex . ''
` ` his father and mother were in complete agreement on one thing , and that was the superiority of their rank .
the recipients of these messages all had only one thing in common : they had once offered for lady elizabeth 's hand in marriage .
` ` for one thing .
the thing elizabeth wanted most was to gallop hell - bent down a country lane and leave everything else behind her .
` ` last night at supper , for one thing . ''
` ` because , '' ian said bitterly , walking over to the cabinet and putting away the gun , ` ` it 's starting to rain , for one thing .
for one thing , she had asked him to request a dance from her .
` ` what to shoot , for one thing , '' he joked , stroking her back .
` ` a walk is just the thing , '' duncan said .
the one thing he did not have was time , and time was what he was losing .
for one thing .
` ` your future wife , for one thing , '' he said warmly .
he should never have asked you to dance , for one thing . ''
i suspect , however , that the thing that confuses you about ian is that he 's half scot .
` ` there 's one thing scots are besides loyal . ''
but he had been the last thing she 'd wanted .
mr . charles haymore , ( whose brass name tag has been polished to a flawless shine ) has been prattling on about my new job responsibilities for the last ten minutes , but the only thing i can focus on is the giant chocolate crumb dangling from his mustache .
` ` there are a lot of cool things about this place .
but that 's not the only thing that 's keeping me up .
stupid , infuriating ward - this is the last thing i need right now .
i ' m reminded of all the things that drew me to him in the first place : his compassion , his optimism , his warmth .
his touch promises all the things it did back in chiang mai - a distraction from the dark places in my head .
plus , you know , the whole once - in - a - lifetime experience thing . ''
the last thing i want or need right now is to start a conversation with ward about sex .
` ` the only thing making it complicated is this . ''
but the funny thing is , i ' m not even sure what that reaction is .
the last thing i need right now is to get caught up in some guy .
knowing that i get to see him tonight is the only thing keeping me from going completely over the edge .
back when she was a blonde , she thought her hair was the main thing that made her beautiful .
the last thing he wanted was for her to leave before warren arrived .
the only thing he was aware of was the sweet taste of lemonade that lingered on her lips and the feel of her body next to his .
an extra long walk tonight was just the thing she needed .
the only thing she could focus on was the hard body pressed against hers , and the soft fabric of his shirt beneath her fingers .
the fact that they were both women was the only thing they had in common .
it seemed as if she and jake had a least one thing in common .
the last thing she wanted was for him to pick up on how unlike herself she felt tonight .
inch by agonizing inch charlie felt the zipper move downward until the only thing holding the dress up was the fact that her body was pressed tightly against jake .
over the years they 'd had few conversations so sara figured she could either ask him about his company or the one thing they had in common , her brother .
however , since her brother 's wedding , she 'd been thinking about the one thing both her brothers had but she did n't .
her choice of hairstyles was n't the only thing different about her tonight .
their attention accomplished one thing though .
the alcohol was n't doing a thing for him .
perhaps that was just the thing he needed now .
and the one thing she needed this morning , more than anything , was nate out of her house .
last night she 'd told him that the only thing that could ever exist between them was friendship .
the one thing he knew better than business was women , and he could read lauren like an open book .
the only thing that helped ease it was the knowledge that lauren still cared .
at that moment there was n't a single thing she 'd change .
he 'd noticed the same thing about the small kitchen when he 'd last stopped at addie 's house .
the last thing i want is for my possible future to meet me in a club over drinks .
all day at work today during a conference call during my deposition , you were the only thing on my mind . ''
it was the last thing i needed to worry about as well when i had the upcoming family dinner .
he must have been starving ; the last thing he ate was the breakfast he made this morning .
at that moment , i thought i was done ; your face was the only thing that came to my mind , that and the thought of leaving you behind , the thought of never being able to hold you again , to kiss you again .
before falling asleep , the last thing i heard was , ` ` you 're going to be one of the best mothers i know . ''
the last thing i wanted was another argument .
i shook my head ; food was the last thing i wanted or needed .
she quickly shook her head , ` ` that 's the thing , marcus .
the last thing i want is to be stuck between two hurt people that i care for dearly . ''
i was becoming weak , and that was the one thing that i could n't become while managing that lifestyle .
that 's the thing , mia . ''
the thing that bothered me most about the relationship i had with mia was the jealousy i felt when someone looked at her .
he deserved one thing and one thing only : death .
he deserved one thing and one thing only : death .
granted , not every single thing , because let 's face it , i do n't tell you every time i ' m down , stressed , or in a shitty mood . ''
the last thing i wanted was for him to stress over mine as well .
the tv was the last thing i wanted to watch as every news channel discussed the bust .
she 's always guarded , but i ' m impatient , so the time she needs for getting to know me is the one thing i do n't want to give her .
after i leave the hotel and i ' m closed up in my car with her scent , the only thing i can smell is that damn sweet , floral fragrance .
i ' m listening to his heartbeat - another thing i 'll never hear again .
he 's the only thing that 's been right in my life .
` ` but that 's another thing , '' he grumbles .
i ' m certain her preoccupation with em being pregnant again is the only thing that saved me from getting my neck wrung . ''
` ` then this baby and i already have one thing in common . ''
` ` right now , there 's only one thing i want , and you 're definitely the only person who can give it to me . ''
but he 's right about one thing : it 'll definitely be a story to tell our kids .
i love you - and your snatch is part of you - so there 's not a damn thing wrong with me loving it too .
` ` she has the hair - twirling thing going on .
she 's staring me right in the face doing that thing she does - invoking her human lie detector skills .
the three have one thing in common .
pressure is the last thing she needs .
the last thing you need is for him to feel deceived . ''
the one thing that made her feel anything definite was him .
that had to be the one thing he 'd wanted most .
if there had been one thing to thank mel for , it was that he 'd somehow talked her into conceiving that baby .
` ` the only thing that stopped me from snatching you up the first time you offered yourself was that i thought you were nowhere near aware of the ramifications , had no idea what you 'd be letting yourself in for , were n't ready for a relationship so soon after such a loss and trauma .
one thing time had n't enhanced , though .
and he made it worse still by no longer tempering the desire in his eyes , by barely touching his food , too , showing her that the only thing he hungered for was her .
then the first thing his eyes fell on a hundred feet away was her lithe figure glowing in his helicopter 's lights , her hair blowing around her and everything drained out of him but the need to be by her side .
another thing she 'd never get used to - his stealth .
the first thing jay knew the moment she opened her eyes was that malek was no longer around her .
jay eyes followed malek 's , the only thing she could see of him now , and shivered at the terrible intensity that prowled in their depths , like a caged lion pondering a way out .
this meant one thing .
the one thing that made her abide by his admonition was realizing he was n't undressing .
that meant one thing .
she collapsed beneath him in sensual shock so deep her sight , her scream , vanished , only one thing left in her .
he 'd help it along with the one thing that he had to contribute now .
the one thing that made me stop was my fear of this exact situation , after your blood cooled and you could n't defend your actions to yourself , driving you to push me away in shame and discomfort at what you consider a lapse . ''
the one thing she saw every detail of was the bed .
the one thing that reassured her was that he was looking at her as if she was a hot gourmet meal and he was starving .
` ` but this guy was right about one thing .
one thing .
it seemed the only thing novel about his product was the attachment that fixed the device to his surfboard .
receiving the anticipated signal , richard continued , ` ` the thing i admire most about him is his ability to read the water .
that was the strangest thing about new york city i had never gotten used to .
` ` the most important thing to understand is you have to control your board , you do n't want to find yourself overwhelmed by the force of the wave , '' he began .
that was the one thing i desperately needed right now and only he could give it to me .
the only thing we really have together is surfing . ''
` ` keeping me safe is one thing .
the last thing i needed right now was to see more muscled men causing a commotion .
` ` not quite , let 's just take it one thing at a time . ''
that was the only thing that mattered at that moment .
worst thing though , it was probably the most normal thing i had felt in a long time .
i 'd half - expected him to be surrounded by women when i returned , but the only thing around him was his gray hoodie .
he has that kind of bad - boy - loner thing going on that makes some girls go crazy .
one thing i did n't want to do was what he had done to me by disappearing .
he f**king took away the only thing i ever wanted and he pitied me .
if there was one thing ada did n't mind doing , it was having the same argument over and over .
the second thing i noticed was the unpleasant smell of the hospital and i knew where i was without even opening my eyes .
` ` the most positive thing about the semester has been my drawing .
an l - shaped path to the back right corner from where the door was hugging the left wall was the only thing that made the room somewhat navigable .
` ` fighting was the one thing that made me feel alive , '' he said , still looking out the front of the windshield .
the only thing i need is you .
that was the last thing i needed .
` ` the only thing i want is to live in every moment i have with you standing by my side .
the annoying ring tone meant one thing and one thing only : a message from work .
` ` masturbation is one thing .
` ` thing is - i ' m adaptable .
the last thing i needed was for jax to meet connor .
but the thing is , some demons never weaken when you bury them .
with all his recent worries , making plans about our future had to be the last thing on his mind .
` ` that 's the nice thing about the dark , '' jax said as i chewed a piece of the bison tataki , savoring the wild flavor .
if there 's one thing i learned from being out on the road , it 's that i do n't want to live on the edge .
because the only thing worse than feeling nothing was feeling good .
the only thing that stopped me from leaning into it , begging for more , was the impact of his words .
knowing that the thing getting him off was the sight of me .
the only thing that mattered was the growing ball of tension inside of me .
chapter twelve interesting thing about being in love - it brightens a dimly lit world and puts a pleasant pink hue on everything .
not like i 'd seen something missing in my eyes , but i 'd felt the missing thing inside .
it was the only thing that made it possible to go back to him week after week .
` ` so what was the familiar thing you saw in me ? ''
she was n't a great actor to begin with , and the last thing she needed was to get lost in this scene .
` ` that 's the great thing about working on investment projects .
acting had been the only thing that had pulled her through her childhood , and the urban arts partnership was all about keeping the arts in underprivileged schools .
anyway , the only thing really extra is tonight .
not really hot either , but maybe nat 's thing was the uniform , not the actual man .
in direct contrast to heather 's acerbic tone , natalia 's dripped with sugar and honey and all those sweet girly things that a woman put in her voice when interested in a guy .
the only thing seth threatened to do to her life was make it more exciting .
it put a damper on a lot of my sexual experiences because there 's always this guilt thing hanging over me . ''
no , the thing that halted him every time was the dream was missing a crucial element - a companion .
` ` the only thing i want is a diet coke and a bag of cheetos . ''
the only thing she regretted was that seth was n't in her life anymore .
` ` funny thing was , this woman , this sassy little diva - it really bothered me that she hated my idea . ''
` ` see , that 's just the thing .
not that i wanted to turn down such a beautiful gift , but one thing i loved about nyc was alternate modes of transportation .
and your whole confident , domineering thing is actually kinda hot . ''
though the thing making my mouth water was the never tiresome sight of hudson barefoot and shirtless .
` ` it 's the only thing that matters . ''
hudson had insisted that friendship was the only thing between them .
` ` is it simply a getting frisky in the moonlight thing or the whole enchilada ? ''
` ` and , the awesome thing about him canceling is that now you ' ve got me all night .
deep breathing was the only thing keeping me from breaking down into sobs .
the one thing i was n't confused about was hudson .
okay , i 'd never be a normal girl and hudson would never be a normal guy , but perhaps we 'd found the closest thing to normal that we 'd ever be capable of achieving .
` ` that bossy thing is so hot . ''
` ` right now the last thing i want to hear is you telling me what to do . ''
she has that weird yellow skin thing that dad had .
that was one reliable thing about you - you were always willing to admit your mistakes .
the last thing i wanted was celia 's fake accusation to find truth .
the last thing hudson needed was me badgering him .
but being apart from hudson was the last thing i needed at the moment .
` ` that 's the other thing , stacy .
and the last thing i wanted was to leave .
i did n't trust that he would n't try once more , and the last thing i wanted was his touch .
the thing i 'd been missing - hudson 's presence .
the only thing you ever asked for , the only thing i would never give you , was me . ''
the only thing you ever asked for , the only thing i would never give you , was me . ''
the only thing that mattered was that he did .
there 's no use talking about it anymore , the only thing that interests me now is her - her mouth , her br**sts , her long taut legs .
the only thing stopping me is that it 's also where she works .
this promise is the only thing keeping me gentlemanly .
i bring us both back to the thing that we have , the only thing we share - our physical connection .
i bring us both back to the thing that we have , the only thing we share - our physical connection .
i suppose it 's the closest thing to friendship that i know .
the plan sounds dreadful , but only because the last thing i want to do tonight is get dressed up in a tux and schmooze .
possibly the thing that stops me is realizing that the screen is n't flashing alayna 's name ; it 's flashing adam 's .
for one thing , anyone who does n't recognize my sister is the catch of a lifetime is crazy , no matter what her sins .
* * * the only thing that keeps me alive for the next few days is my commitment to making sure alayna is surviving .
the first thing i notice is the quiet .
she laughed bitterly , thinking that the only thing she had inherited was the useless marques pride , while gabriel closed his eyes and envisaged his beautiful gold - skinned lover sulkily awaiting his arrival and understanding nothing .
' when the only thing you ' ve got going for you is the intimacy of a name , then use it .
and santa rosa will be placed in trust for that child to inherit , because it will give me such pleasure to watch you lose the one thing that you covet the most ! '
filling their lives with other people 's children and filling her with that dangerous thing called hope .
` ` see you tomorrow , first thing . ''
but the best thing about her was how open she was about wanting him .
one thing that seemed different this morning , in addition to a very good ache between my legs , was that he seemed to want to be in physical contact with me at all times .
building anticipation is one thing and torture is another .
among other things she had a ziploc baggie stuck in her hair and there was a banana peel melded to her shorts .
` ` yeah , that was the thing that freaked me out the most .
` ` the first thing i noticed , being male , was that you looked incredibly hot .
and with that braden tied my hands to his bedposts and i swear the only thing keeping me conscious at that point was the ache between my legs .
if there was one thing i remembered from the hellish experience of girl scout camp ( other than the fact that mosquitoes the size of small poodles existed on earth ) , it was that out in the woods it was best to do everything in groups .
one thing i did know , was that i was never going to fall asleep just lying here thinking , so i decided to get up and go look for a book in the living room .
the one thing that did make it slightly less creepy , was the fact that normal - looking people were milling about among the devil costumes of the waiters and waitresses .
one thing that i was aware of was that he was very vocal tonight .
the only thing bruce defied was logic .
for one thing , i found out that my parents were footing the bill .
` ` for one thing , you ' ve never actually denied it , '' adam said .
the only thing that prevented me from leaping over my desk and slamming the door behind her , was the knowledge that she was just an idiot , rather than intentionally cruel .
` ` breathing is a good thing to remember . ''
he has this whole macho thing he does , but really he 's a big softie . ''
the last thing i need is to have it marred by imperfections . ''
the being nervous and being an jerk thing ?
he 's the closest thing to a brother he has right now , '' robert said .
it was the thing that he loathed the most : betrayal .
the one thing that could begin to repair this situation was absolute honesty .
with adria it was more of the same thing , times ten .
` ` we 're attracted to each other , but a future is another thing all together .
it keeps moving , always changing , and time is the one thing you can never get back . ''
the great thing about life was that she could always change course .
the only thing that allowed him to get on the plane was the fact that she was n't alone .
the one thing that broke her heart was not being with vincent .
it was a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity for her and the thing that hurt me the most was that she was n't even willing to try and have a long distance relationship .
the last thing i wanted to do was disappoint her , but lately , that was all i seemed to do .
the last thing i needed was her stirring things up inside me .
the last thing i wanted was to be unprepared for tomorrow .
it was another thing i would have to get used to .
the last thing i want is for janet to think i ' m not dedicated . ''
the last thing i wanted jackson to see when he looked across the dinner table was a sweaty mess .
the last thing i needed was to get too attached .
unfortunately , when i tipped the glass back the only thing i sipped was air .
the last thing i want to do is get into a relationship . ''
` ` that 's not the only thing inflating when we 're together . ''
` ` the last thing anyone wants to see is you frolicking , nathan . ''
` ` i did n't want to tell jackson because the last thing he needs to worry about right now is a depressed girlfriend . ''
one thing that had n't changed was the strong presence of my father .
the last thing sean needed was for me to start blubbering .
jackson complied , pulling me close and gently brushing my cheek with the back of his hand , but tenderness was the last thing i wanted from him now .
` ` the last thing i want to see is my ugly mug tonight . ''
the only thing that kept me from begging you to take me back was because i thought you were with sean .
the last thing emma wants is cameras in her face .
the only thing worse than buying a $ 5,000 dress is buying a $ 5,000 dress and not wearing it . ''
the last thing i wanted was tomorrow 's gossip rags to be dissecting a fight between us .
if i had learned one thing during the time we had been apart , it was to never take for granted how much time you had left to spend with someone .
the only thing i could see from my lying position was the blue sky .
a pretty satin and pink lace gown that stopped at my ankles was the only thing from keeping me looking like a homeless person .
the only thing i could see were his perfectly shaped lips that i wanted to kiss .
the strange thing was the way he looked at me every time he left for the night .
` ` the thing about ian is that he 's a very private man .
` ` so there 's one thing i know about you . ''
women , to me , are good for one thing and that 's to f**k . the flowers , romance , expensive gifts ; it 'll just wear you out and drag you down .
the one thing i noticed was that adalynn always got her way .
the thing that sucked was that i would have to pass their table to get out of the restaurant .
the thing i found a little strange about him was that he did n't try to hit on me .
the one thing i loved about my girl was that she was so easy to please .
but the one thing i realized was things change , and people can change .
` ` then i would have been triple mad because you lied to me , and one thing i will not tolerate in a relationship is lying .
the funny thing is that you were the spitting image of him .
the only thing missing was my beautiful girlfriend .
this is daddy 's favorite thing to eat in the morning , and i know you 'll love them too .
although , if i really thought about it , both bedroom and gentlemanly jack had one thing in common , they took care of me .
the one thing ameliorating her upheaval at hearing his name again was confusion .
` ` one thing i do know is that his heart has always been with you .
seems that 's another thing i was wrong about . ''
the one thing that had been keeping her there was being at a loss as to what to do next , where to go .
and there he was , at the end of the immaculate gardens , the one thing she craved .
that 's one thing that just isn't - is n't ... '' ` ` funny ?
the last thing he saw of her before the ballroom doors closed was her arm falling to her side , the check held limply in her hand .
` ` which is just about the last thing you are . ''
battling their physical need was one thing .
it 's the only thing that holds me together , that i believe that there was no one to blame . ''
` ` the last thing i need now is sleep .
the one thing he needed to seek was her .
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned from my ... vast experience , it 's what to avoid in the interest of self - preservation .
guess that 's another thing that makes me mighty special .
this thing about being frigid ? ''
the one thing to redeem him was that his heart had already believed in her without proof , against all damning evidence .
it was that distress again , the one thing that had always stopped her from despising him completely .
but even if it did get out of control , this explosive episode proved one thing .
the one thing she 'd thought marred his character , the chunk of steel he had for a heart , was nowhere to be found .
all she could think was that he did n't seem callous or indiscriminating , only hurt , and that the last thing she 'd ever see of him was that look of despondency on his face .
it would be the last thing she had of him .
his mind must be projecting the one thing it wanted most , the woman whose memory and taste and touch had been driving him insane and whom he 'd despaired of seeing again .
surely the last thing a man of your caliber needs is an ego stroke . ''
` ` the one thing saving you from a right hook to that implacable jaw of yours is that i do n't want to put a swollen hand in johara 's during the marriage ceremony . ''
the one thing that stopped him , besides the settling weariness of the whole thing , was that he knew she 'd resist .
but the good thing about challenge was that it kept one focused .
` ` so you 're the real thing .
he pressed her nearer , his voice deeper , darker , the only thing she heard anymore .
` ` one good thing about haboobs , you no longer need your spf 50 sunscreen . ''
the only thing keeping her from being blown off her feet was their sinking in the deep sand that had accumulated from the storm .
the only thing that ameliorated the ... ache of knowing she 'd shared her body with others was that she had n't done so since she 'd first seen him .
in her eyes , it had been the one thing missing from his character back then .
and he found himself adding , ` ` passion was the one real thing we shared .
the one thing stopping him from telling alonzo to kick that guy out of his life was that gio was equally exclusive .
the one thing that had always held her back was knowing how much they loved her mother .
she 'd always said the worst thing about having cancer was how it pained glory and disrupted her life as she 'd dropped everything and rushed to her side .
riding him to the most explosive release in her life was the last thing she remembered before waking up minutes ago .
the one thing that stopped him was knowing it would be pointless without performing another imperative step first .
` ` i do n't think there is any such thing as ' getting used ' to this- '' he hugged her tighter ` ` -what we share .
her name had been the only thing he 'd seen on that hostage list before he 'd stormed in , and he 'd made the decision to save her first right then .
he did that thing again with his voice that strummed the chords in the core of her being .
it is the most gratifying thing in the world , knowing that i can still knock you out with pleasure . ''
the second thing that impinged on her hazy awareness was that he was dressed like he had stepped out of the arabian nights .
one thing haidar had never imagined himself as was a savior .
one thing this place had was an amazing transportation system .
` ` but one thing about possessing clarity that time does n't dull - i make one hell of an unforgiving enemy , if i do say so myself . ''
the only thing i could trounce him in was sports , and he came close to equaling me even in those by mere cunning . ''
but the thing that matters most is , i am me . ''
` ` one thing we share is , we both pretended to jump because we thought we 'd eventually be pushed .
` ` unfaithfulness , let alone promiscuity , is one thing i do n't suffer from . ''
` ` i do n't even remember saying it , but i probably meant the one thing i needed most in the world right then .
one thing that had been erased had been resurrected .
other than that , fadi aal munsoori shared much with jalal , had that force - of - nature - embodiment thing going .
` ` then he died , and sex was the last thing on my mind , so when you popped up out of nowhere and we ended up in bed , repercussions did n't even occur to me except when my period was a month late .
with your campaign , the last thing you need is a scandal of the caliber of an illegitimate child . ''
once their toxic relationship was thankfully over , they dismissed me from their minds , the one thing they 'd rather forget bonded them forever .
and who he was , was the best thing she 'd ever known .
that she 'd been the one thing rashid had n't been able to resist , and his desire for her the one thing he had n't been able to conquer .
i 'll make sure you lose the only thing that matters to you - the throne . ''
one thing i ' m infallible at is reading people .
the first thing you must have learned in order to deal with your personal situation , then your life as a soldier , was to turn off your emotions .
` ` so why the ' i 'll have the lobster ' thing ? ''
` ` so is this thing going on between us .
but they all had one thing in common : a dramatic , imaginative flair that could n't be reproduced anywhere else .
the other thing luis had learned to watch out for with these older guys was their ability to steal energy .
if there was one thing luis knew , it was that there were plenty of older guys like derrick out there .
the last thing jase remembered was drifting into a deep sleep to the sound of luis 's gentle breathing , with luis 's soft cheek resting on his chest .
the only thing he cared about was being with luis .
the last thing jase was interested in was meeting anyone else .
the only thing he cared about was what luis thought .
the one thing they all did at the same time was smile .
the love jase was talking about had been the thing luis had loved most about elena 's blog .
his entire body tightened and the only thing he wanted to do was get out of there and forget all about this experience .
the only thing luis knew about baseball was that baseball players were fast in bed , good with their hands , and looked hot in their uniforms .
the next thing luis saw was cory 's lugubrious expression coming in his direction .
he knew he should have thrown it away , but it was the only thing he had left of his former life with leck , and the one thing he could n't seem to part with no matter how hard he tried .
but the only thing darius received in return was a reserved nod and blank glare .
the last thing he needed that afternoon was jase reminding him about all the clumsy , absentminded things he 'd been doing all month .
the last thing i need right now is to worry about the expense of a new truck . ''
the last thing i need is a car payment . ''
` ` the only thing he wanted was a piece of ass .
you 're right about the swallowing thing .
the one thing the psychic reverend could n't seem to figure out was that this was n't luis fortune at all he was reading .
the last thing luis saw before he closed the door was blaze pulling hood 's dick out of his pants .
that was one thing luis was n't fond of : that bitter taste of ass .
they also had one thing in common that set them apart from all the others : neither one of them had been to college .
the last thing luis needed to worry about now was jase taking up smoking again .
he would become filled with emotion and the only thing he wanted was to be in jase 's arms .
the last thing luis remembered before he fell to the floor was watching jase turn and leave the table .
the last thing he wanted to hear about was betsy melchiorri 's blow jobs .
and he had that heavy five o'clock shadow thing going on luis always loved in men .
the one thing that worried luis about seeing his uncle as an adult was that his uncle might be attracted to him .
the only thing that matters is what you believe .
the last thing luis cared about was an unflattering video .
if there was one thing luis had learned from his journey back in time it was that the only thing that really mattered was love .
the last thing she needed was to miss her ride to the airport .
he was starting to feel like the only thing missing in the bathroom was a stripper pole and a stack of ones .
the only thing that kept him from approaching the subject was the fear that she would cut him off at the knees .
the surprising thing about this trip was how much he had enjoyed acting like someone who did n't take everything so seriously .
at least he knew there was one thing of his that impressed her .
knowing you were there was the only thing that kept me in check until then . ''
the one thing i remember from that moment is how confused she looked .
the sad thing is that i could have probably talked my way out of it had i not panicked .
the only thing that surpassed mark 's love of women was their love of him .
he was still giving her a skeptical look , so she decided that a distraction would be the only thing to save her and she went for it in a big way .
the only thing that bothered her was not knowing if alexia was hiding something .
the one thing all the magazines had agreed on was dressing more provocative and sexy .
to watch him in action closing a big deal was a thing of beauty .
the only thing she had n't taken into account was the fact that skates tended to roll even without you trying , and coupled with the incline on the sidewalk , things happened ... fast .
hell , he was probably the closest thing to a biker that she 'd ever come across .
that was one thing about brant : he was always family first even if it killed him .
the thing about gray is that when he gets nervous , he tends to start cracking stupid jokes .
she would have thrown a full - blown pity party if not for one thing : he did n't seem happy .
` ` you know , the one thing that really confuses me about you , mac , is i have no clue why you ever asked me out . ''
emma was right about one thing , though - talking about your feelings to a guy just did n't happen , or at least it had n't happened for her with her brothers .
emma was right about one thing : the men at danvers , mac included , did have the cocky - walk thing going on .
emma was right about one thing : the men at danvers , mac included , did have the cocky - walk thing going on .
crap , according to cosmopolitan , there was no such thing as a wrong touch where a man 's penis was concerned .
it had been ingrained in him for so long that it was the first thing on his mind in the morning and the last thing in the evening .
the only thing she needed now was to be standing next to the man she loved .
chapter 4 when nicole forced her eyes away from sutherland and surveyed his cabin , the first thing she noticed was his oversize bed .
if he understood one thing on this bizarre night , it was that he wanted to sink into her lithe body .
the only thing that kept her from truly hating sutherland was remembering that she had been using him as well .
for one thing , women always chattered around him , probably because he spoke so little .
staying on the bottle is the only thing that prevented me from succumbing to our poisoned water , he thundered .
for one thing , she did nt think he d give her the substantial amount of money she planned to steal from him .
one thing about her was completely out of the ordinary , even when she put on her polite facade .
the only thing that could mar her perfect face was the expression of hate that continually suffused it .
safety - wise , the only scary thing about this campus was its deadly dullness .
that 's the last thing i feel right now . ''
and that was the great thing about vacation flings : you could go crazy , do things you never would otherwise , and suffer zero consequences .
the only thing that had changed was that he 'd gotten to know me better , so ouch .
not a damn thing ... today i 'd slept until after lunch - a full ten hours ! -waking with a big grin on my face and the words man , my ass is sore on my lips .
the only thing missing between us ?
yet this was one thing i could n't ask him for ; it had to come naturally ... ... ` ` tomorrow we should visit the banya . ''
if there 's one thing i 'd learned in this business , it 's that you never , ever show your cards , even when you 're holding the worst hand imaginable .
seeing you naked will be the only good thing about this night . ''
` ` i notice every single thing about you , sara . ''
it was the subtlest thing , just a slight tilt to the edges of her lips and eyes .
i put my hand to the small of her back and reminded her , ` ` another thing you ca n't see on the telly is real intimacy . ''
his masculine scent was the last thing she remembered before drifting off to sleep .
the last thing she heard before she fell asleep was his sharp intake of breath .
it 's the biggest thing in keeping your job . ''
warmth spread through me , and bread was the last thing on my mind .
the last thing i needed was for the head honcho to see me like this .
if there was one thing mr . drake hated , it was sloppiness , and here i was dripping with cheap soup stock .
he was rough , but gentle lovemaking was the last thing on my mind .
he was such a big , tall man , and yet , he was also the cutest thing .
jonathan looked over at the police car and the tension in his neck was the last thing i saw before the light got too bright to see anything .
it could be jonathan , but it was n't as though he was the only thing i had going on .
the only thing that kept me from leaving to sniff her out was the knowledge that paulie would n't do anything while we were supposed to be negotiating a truce .
` ` the thing i want most is the only thing between me and getting it .
he can take you away from me , and the only thing that 's going to keep him off you until the election is knowing that i ' m willing to lower the hammer on him .
but there 's one thing that 's confusing me : something from the old wives ' tales , and from what he 's just said , that does n't add up .
at least they let us share a room , which was the only thing that made that attic bedroom bearable .
one thing you learn in service : anytime you 're asked to deviate from your expected duties , try to find out why .
i think i could , if it were not for one thing : alec believes it himself . ''
when her eyes meet mine , there 's no such thing as her being rich or me being poor .
too late i realize that he was the only thing i ever wanted that i could truly have .
alec turns to me , with his flat predator 's gaze ; the only thing more horrible than knowing i ' m going to die is knowing that it will be at his hand .
` ` your br**sts are the only thing in the world that matters , candy .
her third climax was so powerful that the firm pressure of a large hand on her thigh holding her still was the only thing that could have kept her where he had her , his tongue flat and hard against her clit , his fingers plunging deeply into her wet canal .
that was the only thing that could have stopped him from picking her up and making a meal out of her on the kitchen island .
if there was one thing she knew with utter certainty , it was that no man -- especially one this rich , famous , and good - looking -- would ever want his fake temporary wife to fall in love with him .
his smile was the first and last thing she saw before his mouth covered hers and she closed her eyes to sink into the pleasure of being in his arms .
the last thing he expected was for her to smile at him .
but all of them had one thing in common : they were all focused on cole and anna .
funny thing about us taylors -- we 're ornery about relationships .
the only surprising thing was that the sex had been with a virgin .
the thing was , they had n't really kissed in his underground lair .
yet another thing they had in common , he thought as she surreptitiously spit it back into the cup after looking around to make sure no one was looking .
winning was the only thing he cared about . ''
the last thing she expected to see upon returning inside was ty on her living room carpet doing an impossibly fast set of push - ups .
` ` only thing that matters is that you 're all still alive . ''
it 's the one thing about me that you already know for sure . ''
sharing their bodies was one thing .
the last thing she wanted was to be alone with logan in this beautiful home he 'd built .
little things like his scent and the way his stubble rubbed against her cheek sent dangerous emotions slithering in between her ribs , aiming straight for her heart .
the only thing she could tell for sure was that it was a man , tall with broad shoulders and short - cropped hair .
he was thankful that at least one thing about her had stayed the same .
the last thing she heard was a muffled , ` ` fuck , '' before she passed out .
every last thing about her .
the only thing she knew for sure was that she would n't be able to keep it together if he kept being so sympathetic .
fifty feet , at least , of crashing into boulders and tree stumps and thorny bushes and he 'd felt every goddamn thing .
april 's eyes grew big and dianna was tempted to back off , but if there was one thing she 'd learned during the past few days , it was to get everything out in the open .
` ` the only thing that hurts is having you so far away . ''
it was one of the things she enjoyed most about having her own place .
the most important thing was that she 'd held her ground .
if there was one thing she 'd learned during the past eight months , it was that she needed to live a life that made her happy .
he probably thought they were the only thing she 'd noticed about him .
the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her .
every last thing about you blows my mind .
not one single thing about you .
all night long , the only thing he could see was the hatred on his son 's face , on isabel 's face as each of them listed off all the ways he 'd hurt them , all the ways he 'd failed .
the funny thing about discontent , andrew had discovered over the years , was that he tended to notice it in other people , particularly people who were trying to hide it .
she worked to memorize every last thing about him , the passion in his blue eyes , the emotion etched into his face .
realization dawned in his son 's eyes , and then a rage andrew 'd yet to see , even those first days in the hospital bed when connor 's frustration had been a palpable thing .
but alcohol was the last thing she needed when it was going to take every ounce of self - control she had to keep her walls sturdy and high .
not when she 'd only just realized that here was yet another thing her ex had tried to take from her - her confidence in her natural sensuality , her healthy feminine responses to being touched , kissed , wanted .
dylan 's affection for her son was yet another thing that set him a world apart from other men .
` ` if sex helps , '' dylan said , ` ` if making love with me makes things better for you , then i ca n't see why there 's one damn thing wrong with it .
the only thing we knew was that you knew the truth .
` ` we have each other now and that 's the most important thing . ''
after all of the ribbing mike had been giving him , the last thing he wanted to admit was that he was spending his friday night at kiersten 's .
yet another thing for her to admire about him .
the only thing left to dry was her chest .
giving her a chance to deny him , and refuse him the one thing he 'd wanted for more than half his life .
the first thing i see is a message from my mom .
he wanted the ability to put his arm around her , to kiss her , to make her laugh , to make her come , to hold her all night , and to get to know every single thing about her .
he was doing that thing again , that intense stare he had where she felt like she was in danger of losing her clothes , her heart , or both .
yet another thing to blame on lack of sleep , but she had a lump in her throat from his compliments .
that was one thing he would never get used to - the heat inside his flame - retardant suit .
and the only thing i ' m going to tarnish is your chastity . ''
like that meant a damn thing to her .
it was the one flaw that she feared , the one thing she had known all along would drive him away .
that brought the closest thing to a smile to ty 's face in days .
pride was a funny thing .
the very image was about the only thing amusing suzanne lately .
she did n't know how to respond , her thoughts were jumbled and confused , the only thing coming through with any clarity was the fact that her body was one hundred percent aroused by ryder 's words .
` ` the only thing you think is stupid about that man is his inability to use a bottle opener .
it will cause a lot of gossip , and the thing is i really do n't want my child born under those circumstances .
if there was one good thing to say about the soul - sucking exhaustion of a first trimester of pregnancy , it was that it would pull her into sleep even when her mind was whirling and her heart was aching .
the last thing he remembered was dancing in a way he should never be allowed to do .
` ` what was your favorite thing about her ? ''
she did that girl thing , where she flexed her inner muscles on him , dragging his orgasm out longer , and as his convulsions slowed he let out a low groan .
the only thing that mattered .
evan was holding her hand , which was probably the only thing keeping her from puddling to the ground in a post - orgasmic blob .
yet another thing he loved about her .
god knew the last thing she needed was to throw back some jack , but the truth was , she felt a little afraid of the direction her thoughts and feelings were going in .
` ` aside from being with the woman i love , the best thing is regular booty . ''
she wanted to say something , to beg him for consistency , to pick a mood and stick with it , yet she did n't because it was the very thing about his sexual approach that got her the hottest .
he was so bored he was struggling to stay awake and the girl dog 's voice was the only thing preventing it .
that was the wonderful thing about warm weather clothes - easy access .
it was the only thing interesting about a retired driver who had never won a championship .
the only thing he was missing was a good woman .
when her feet pounded and her arms pumped , the only thing she could hear was her own breathing .
that worrying thing ?
he could honestly say it was the hottest thing ever to know that he 'd made her come undone like that .
the soap tray was the only thing holding her up , and she held on to it for dear life .
` ` it 's the best thing about living together . ''
it was a thing she had about germs .
it was the one thing she kept coming back to and had since the very first time he had asked her out .
she felt off - kilter with him and that was the last thing in the world she needed to be feeling given that she was about to lose everything .
it was the oddest thing to her , that all rhett had to do was look at her , his gaze trained on her and only her , and he commanded her full attention .
she was his to command in this bed , yet the thing he wanted more than anything was for her to be satisfied , and that she was , and so relatively easily , had him pounding harder into her willing flesh .
i have a job , for one thing . ''
well , ordering llamas for one thing .
it was a personal question and harley did n't want to push , but the one thing she absolutely thought was lacking in mary jane 's life was a confidant .
it was like they were together , and that was a dangerous thing to be lulled into feeling .
the only thing that had saved him from completely losing his shit on his sister was the presence of jeff and an occasional look of concern from harley .
` ` the only thing i care about right now is your eyes and how beautiful they are . ''
for one thing , he had clearly had more than his fair share of whiskey and was about three drinks past a potential dui .
his tenderness might have been the only thing that could drag zane 's gaze upward .
the only thing sadder than his overworked , over - seasoned dishes was watching him try to impress wilde 's crew with his ` ` credentials . ''
for one thing , he was plain old big-6'4 '' or 5 '' with muscle packed onto his muscle and shoulders she was certain could still play quarterback .
he was tall , for one thing , at least six five - though you did n't notice how big the various parts of him were until you stood up close .
the only thing that pained him worse than not claiming all of her was knowing how his monthly ritual bruised her feelings .
the funny thing was , i was actually getting off more than usual , but nothing we did seemed to be enough .
the sound of him wrestling from his clothes had to be the best thing she 'd heard all night .
the last thing she wanted was to talk about that .
those gorgeous legs were climbing bryan 's back , their clenching calves and thighs the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen on a woman - the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen on a man being the knotted muscles of bryan 's ass .
those gorgeous legs were climbing bryan 's back , their clenching calves and thighs the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen on a woman - the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen on a man being the knotted muscles of bryan 's ass .
alex 's self - esteem was n't the only thing that had changed during his absence .
every single thing about that summer is encased in his memory , and every chance he has , he reminds me . ''
funny how the thing that probably would have scared me then is very thing that makes me so attracted to him right now .
aaron stone 's face between my legs is about the sexiest thing .
the sexiest thing in this f**king world is his face between my legs while he explores me with his tongue .
i do n't give a crap if he 's good - looking and has that rugged thing going on that melts panties .
silence lingers through the journey , the only thing between us is my anger and his rapidly developing annoyance .
and this is the funny thing about trust .
` ` one thing .
his arms around me is the first and last thing i feel every day .
his voice is the first and last thing i hear .
the very thing i need right now .
my age goes against me for one thing , and i ' m done showing my body for money .
` ` by the time i ' m done with you , dayton , whispering will be the last thing you think of .
that your voice will be the first and last thing i hear every day , that your touch will be the one to calm me when i ' m angry , that your lips will be the ones i get to kiss whenever the urge takes me . ''
there 's only one thing wrong with this - and if she does n't want to be asked nicely , i ' m happy to oblige .
for one thing , alex would kill her .
he devoured her , kissing her as if she were the only thing that mattered .
and that was the one thing she refused to cede ever again .
ironic , since before meeting ian , she 'd believed her independence defined her and was the most important thing in her life .
another thing that had changed .
mine , while possessive and arousing , was n't the same thing .
the one thing she did n't have .
the thing is , you just saw firsthand why she does n't trust .
for one thing , we belong together .
but that was n't the only thing about gabe 's proclamation that stood out .
another thing gabe loved about isabelle , her lack of ego or need to brag .
it was the one thing she 'd fought him for - the only thing .
it was the one thing she 'd fought him for - the only thing .
` ` your sweet ass is the first thing i noticed about you . ''
but if decklan knew one thing , it was that if she wrapped those arms around him and pulled him in emotionally , he was a goner .
for one thing , he had n't brought a woman here in a while , the restraints unused behind the headboard .
and most important , the thing that unnerved him the most , she tempted him to want her touch .
her curves were the first thing decklan had noticed .
do you want to know the first thing i noticed about you ?
` ` you need to eat , for one thing .
` ` and sex in a bdsm club did the same thing .
* * * amanda woke up , and the first thing she noticed was a bright light overhead .
she 's a wiseass for one thing , and you experienced her petty - theft tendencies firsthand . ''
her control was the very thing that had kept her sane .
another thing that bothered macho , i - want - to - pay - my - own - way kind of men .
quinn had just noticed the same thing .
` ` this house was the one thing i splurged on . ''
when ari was with quinn , vermont was the last thing on her mind , and that was a notion she knew she had to explore further .
another thing he 'd noticed about maria , she did n't drink liquor or beer when her son was around , and as a result , neither did connor .
it was one thing to be attracted to a woman , another to be affected and something about zoe got to him .
for one thing , she did n't want to set a bad example for sam and for another , she did n't want to create even more memories with ryan and forge yet another bond between them .
` ` the only thing i really remember was that she kept talking to me about staying true to myself .
` ` sam 's down the hall , for one thing . ''
the only thing keeping him together right now was zoe , who stepped up and silently clasped her hand inside his .
it had been the first thing he 'd checked for and the only thing that seemed to be gone .
it had been the first thing he 'd checked for and the only thing that seemed to be gone .
the last thing i need is more publicity . ''
at this point you 're the closest thing to a celebrity this city 's got .
her eyeglasses had been yet another thing about her that drew wanted to change .
because the one thing lexie was meticulous about was protection .
for one thing , she held clues to the ring 's past .
` ` so when i asked you to go away with me , expecting you to leave everything behind , you felt like i was taking away the one thing you did well . ''
the thing is , there 's no one else i trust to have my back .
another thing she appreciated about rafe .
another thing he liked about sara - her no - nonsense attitude .
` ` the only thing handed down in my family is being a cop . ''
another thing he liked about her .
` ` i noticed the same thing last night .
but my bad knee might make the one thing i always took for granted impossible . ''
the one thing sara did know - sitting in the passenger seat of joy 's car , gun pointed at her stomach - was that she only had until they reached the tunnels to figure a way out of this mess .
but sexual attraction was n't the only thing they 'd shared .
but charlotte was certain one thing about roman had n't changed - his reporter 's instincts .
because she did n't really mean it , for one thing , and because he did n't deserve such a crushing rejection , for another .
which only proved one thing : temptation or no temptation , roman could n't afford to get involved with charlotte .
the only thing charlotte did know was that her mother had a high - wattage smile and an easy laugh she had n't seen in way too long .
` ` lance says the same thing , '' she said , speaking of her current steady .
not when it came to family , the one thing she 'd never had .
his words warmed her heart , capturing the same thing she felt for him .
for one thing she 'd already learned the futility and for another pearl had n't given her the chance .
` ` possessive thing , are n't you ? ''
` ` that 's the great thing about this town .
` ` stability 's the one thing you had that i did n't . ''
extend her hand and introduce herself , for one thing .
the last thing she needs is the press following her around . ''
he liked what he saw for one thing , and she 'd embarrassed him in front of his friends for another .
for one thing , i already trusted you in a completely intimate way .
` ` you do n't hedge , for one thing . ''
` ` sent you off to college , for one thing .
the last thing he needed right now was to look weak .
it was like this special thing we shared .
that was another thing about love .
one thing about working at the same company as your father is that you never know if you 're in trouble for something work - related , or if it 's something else .
` ` and i did that thing i do and made this already awkward situation even worse .
but the only thing marisol hated more than guys who spit in the street was being set up .
it 's a strange thing when you can see the face of the person you 're talking to on the phone .
the only thing that was different was the underwear , which was another sloane creation , this time in red that matched the shoes , with green vines twisting all over it and even snaking up the straps .
i could n't ask lucah if he was suffering from the same thing because it was just too ridiculous a thing to say out loud .
that was the only thing keeping me from saying anything about it to lucah .
it was an intense thing , seeing someone break down like that .
that was one thing that leah had in abundance , though sometimes jaxxon thought it bordered on vanity .
one thing that had kept jaxxon from losing herself so far and avoiding the bitterness that consumed leah was to roll with the punches .
besides , she was busy enough already - another thing ollie and richie liked .
the first thing connor had felt on spotting her was shock .
` ` only the same thing i ' ve always wanted : you . ''
for one thing , that would make her a very sad individual .
she probably should have been politely concentrating on what luke was saying , but jaxxon was busy wondering if there was such a thing as celebrity fright syndrome and if anna suffered from it .
for one thing , she had been drinking , and two , connor would have a hernia .
there was one thing he had come to understand in the past few days without her : it was n't lust that had consumed his blood , it was jaxx .
only one thing had stopped her from lashing out at connor after his remark ; she knew that was what he wanted .
as much as the last thing she wanted was to be around this floozy , she was n't going to let it show .
` ` that 's the thing , anita : i know i wo n't be .
one thing connor adored jaxx for was that she did n't take ages in the bathroom .
another thing he liked was that despite the industry she worked in she did n't skip breakfast , even if all she had time for was a slice of toast , she did n't start her day on an empty stomach .
one thing she could deduce from all this was that , no matter the motive of the oddball in question , she could n't be sure that the people around her were safe .
` ` louisa 's alright , that 's the main thing . ''
he 's got your stuff and your dog at his apartment for one thing .
she probably should have been doubtful about a bloke suddenly claiming that he loved her , but she knew connor well enough to know that if there was one thing he would never lie to her about , it was that .
if there was one thing that leah had never referred to jaxxon as before , it was that .
my father is right about one thing ; my mother never did hold his actions against him .
the sound of a watch ticking nearby is the only thing i hear for what feels like forever .
the only thing missing is my hagfish breath .
it 's the most maddening thing i ' ve ever encountered , to be so tempted and yet so determined to do the right thing .
` ` it 's that thing with ingrid .
the only thing i can think about is wondering where his hand will go next .
holding onto his shirt is the only thing keeping me from falling to the ground .
it 's a musical thing , and it makes me smile in response .
the last thing i saw , after chase told me he would watch over me forever and wait for me in the overworld until the day i died , were the tears that ran down his face .
` ` is he talking about his stomach thing again ? ''
he had a couple buddies practicin ' their bear hug thing on theresa and felicia , and they got a little messed up .
the thing that had bothered me from the first second i 'd heard we were to be permanently bound together , the thing that i had tried to ignore for the good of everyone else ... it had finally come to the surface to be officially recognized by me - only way too late for me to do anything about it but bitch .
the thing that had bothered me from the first second i 'd heard we were to be permanently bound together , the thing that i had tried to ignore for the good of everyone else ... it had finally come to the surface to be officially recognized by me - only way too late for me to do anything about it but bitch .
the only thing that stopped her from looking like the sister i never had was the set of immense wings that were attached to her back , bright white and completely unblemished in any way .
the last thing i remembered thinking before my brain completely shut down was how difficult it was to breath through my nose when there was a naked pixie baby attached to it .
the only thing that was different was his voice - he still had torrie 's voice . ''
but that is one thing that none of the gray elves , nor anyone we know for that matter , has never been able to figure out . ''
the last thing i saw before i walked out the door was the deep red eyes of the black dragon , staring out into the room .
` ` a love this strong and abiding is a rare thing .
it was normally a comforting thing , something that made me feel confident and cared about .
everything should have been drowned out , my eardrums overwhelmed by the peaks and waves of sound , but his voice came to me as a whisper , cutting through the angry rumbling growls of our energy - monster , so that eventually it was the only thing i could hear .
i thought it was a pixie thing . ''
the droning of tim 's lecture quickly put me to sleep , and the last thing i remembered hearing before i fell into unconsciousness was , ` ` ... and you 'd better not forget that , either . ''
` ` the only thing that council 's missing is a pixie .
the cool thing is that you 're admitting it to yourself but not giving into that selfishness .
the last thing i needed was to freak myself out in the middle of everything .
i had to struggle to stay with him , the only thing keeping me from being left in the dust the fact that he was holding onto my hand with an iron grip .
the last thing i needed to be stressing about was a demon a million miles and two realms away from here .
but they did have one thing in common ; i could n't imagine life without either of them anymore , and i did n't want to .
the last thing i remembered thinking was how pissed netter was probably going to be about this tunic moriah had ruined with her stupid - ass sword .
today was a big day for me , and the last thing i needed was a thousand pixies all up in arms over rebellious babies .
the women were all stunning , but none of them did a thing for him .
fear had become a constant inside her , but fear was n't the only thing she was feeling right now - her body was burning with need , a need she 'd never before experienced .
he loved all sorts of sex , loved how for ten seconds the only thing he felt was pleasure - no stress , no worries , no thoughts of yesterday or tomorrow .
the last thing he needed or wanted was a child .
the cold fury in his expression was the only thing that was shaking her up .
when it was all over , she slumped against him , her legs frozen to his back - the only thing that kept her from falling .
she flinched and he refused to let it make him feel a single thing .
one thing about the situation baffled her .
the only thing keeping her sitting there was the hope that maybe by receiving a little bit of male attention she could somehow push away her all - consuming feelings for blake .
when blake was at home , he was almost always working , either in his office or in his favorite chair in the living room , and one thing she knew about him was that he really liked lots of light .
one thing that she had confidence in was that , at least for a while , the two of them would be able to please each other well .
she was in love with blake , in love with this hard man who had such a beautiful soft side , and the thing that frightened her most was to realize that he might never be able to return her feelings .
rage was the only thing keeping her on her two feet right then .
the only certain thing about his life was that he did n't do relationships .
she was again tempted to ditch the jacket , but at this point , her blouse was slightly damp , and the last thing she wanted to expose was her lacy bra , so she 'd just have to suffer in silence .
chapter twenty - five trust was n't an easy thing for byron to give .
but one thing you should know is ... '' she pauses and bites her lip and then glances over at me with scared eyes .
` ` the only thing i need right now is food and you . ''
` ` the only thing better than watching you come is making you come , jilly . ''
this whole being on winter break thing is getting old . ''
jesus , you 'd test the patience of a saint , and that 's one thing i certainly am not . ''
insane jealousy was n't the only thing i felt either .
it was a wonderful thing having a family that wanted you .
strolls down memory lane did n't do a bloody thing for me .
my eyes were probably the most unique thing about me .
i feel things with you - emotions and ideas and dreams ; a deep understanding that brings me to a place i never thought i 'd find with another person .
she never chased me for one thing .
` ` making you come under my tongue is the sexiest thing in the world .
but that was the thing about friends ... you understood each other , did n't have to explain ad nauseum about painful shit you wished you could forget , but pretty much knew was a part of you down to the marrow in your bones .
and if the sound was no longer an utterance capable via my mouth then it would be the last thing in my mind along with , ` ` i ' m so sorry , dad .
it 's my job for one thing , and you 're my girl for another . ''
if there was one thing i could change about my girl that would be it .
gabrielle laughed , looking very happy and lovely in her own right , wearing a fitted green dress that did wonderful things paired with her coloring and matching eyes .
there are many small things to be thankful for , but the greatest thing of all was safe in my arms .
she did n't feel well for one thing and then was worried about the bomb threat and all the paintings .
the thing that bothered me the most was the incredible waste of potential .
one thing about brynne ?
the thing with ethan is he grounds us .
having her back safe was the most important thing ; even so , a ` ` waterloo '' directed at me for the second time in our relationship had n't been nice .
she was back in the land of the living , for one thing .
the only thing keeping me from going bat - shit crazy was his attitude about the whole situation that we could do this .
ethan was pushing for the announcement of our engagement , and if i knew one thing about ethan , it was that he usually got exactly what he wanted .
the only thing helping me to function at the moment was knowing that westman had once felt an attraction to brynne .
` ` not that f**kin ' thing , please . ''
that was the thing with us .
the texts from ethan on her phone were one annoying thing , but when she called him later that evening , my wifely intuition perked up .
just watching him interact with zara was a beautiful thing .
it 's the security - guy thing in him .
one thing i 'd decided - i was walking into this on my own two legs , f**king busted or not .
there will be more traffic , for one thing , and maybe even the highway patrol .
all true , and yet i ca n't deny the fingers of delight that dance along my spine , making my body tingle with the knowledge that , at least as to this one small thing , i am unique and special to him .
` ` my looks are the thing that scare me the most , '' i say .
the only thing i needed was to let myself go a little wild .
` ` not a goddamn thing . ''
and one thing i knew was that legitimate businesses often stood as fronts for criminal enterprises .
my stomach twisted in knots , and eating was the last thing on my mind .
` ` i want to know how to find him for one thing .
the thing i 'd shared most with my uncle was our love of art , and the knowledge that all these wonderful paintings were going to go away only made the pain from jahn 's loss that much more brutal .
had to have him right then , because my senses were on overload and the only thing that could keep me from imploding was the feel of this man inside me .
the only thing what would make it better was if evan was with me , but if time was an issue i had to concede that it was probably for the best that he 'd declined my offer .
he 'd pull me into his arms and kiss me and tell me that the only thing that mattered was the moment .
the only thing that had changed was me .
` ` for one thing , i do n't date the employees .
` ` you can , '' he said , still behind me , his breath the only thing that was actually touching me .
` ` sight is an amazing thing , detective .
for one thing , i rarely bothered with makeup .
about the only thing the purple building had going for it , at least in my opinion , was that it could n't be overlooked .
i did n't say that i wanted to know every little thing about him - even though that was absolutely true .
the only thing i needed was to do as he said - to let myself go and just feel .
he looked at me , and for a moment the only thing i felt was the heat that seemed to shimmer in the air between us .
for one thing , you 're not going to lose it .
right then , decorum is the last thing on my mind .
i return the hug tightly , thinking that this is another nice thing about weddings - it lets you clear out the last of the ghosts lingering in your past .
the thing about jets is that seat belts are required , and though damien and i routinely sit in the more traditional main cabin during takeoff and landing , even the stateroom 's bed has belts that can be used in the case of turbulence .
the only thing i am certain of is the feel of my body .
` ` right now , the only thing i ' m interested in is you . ''
` ` i do n't like thinking that there were other women before me , '' i admit , though i know it is a foolish thought because damien stark is about the furthest thing from a monk on the planet .
i smile , liking that we have this one small thing in common .
` ` for one thing , it 's cold .
his organizational system is a thing to be marveled at , and in the relatively short time since yesterday afternoon he 's completely revamped our presentation outline .
he has a temper , for one thing . ''
every last thing .
i ' ve learned many things during my time with this man , and one thing i know is that with damien , i am free to go utterly wild .
his mouth is hard and demanding against mine , and i am held fast between the glass and damien , an infinity of night stretched out before me , and the power of his kiss the only thing that is keeping me anchored .
` ` now the only thing i want is you . ''
it is one thing when he initiates , surprising me with a sting to my bottom to complement the ache between my thighs .
it 's the one thing i do respect him for , '' damien continues .
but that 's the thing about electricity - it can surprise you , and when damien changes the rhythm , i cry out , my body shuddering as a powerful , unexpected orgasm bursts through me , sending vibrant sensations throughout me like ripples from a rock in a pond .
and between you and me , your assets are good enough that you can probably even make it without that pesky talent thing . ''
it gave me strength and focus , and once again i wonder if damien gives me the same thing .
well , that 's the thing about art .
it rips through me until the only thing that i know in the world is damien .
this is yet another thing i love about damien - that shift from frenzied passion to these soft moments when i feel safe and warm and cherished beside him .
22 the nice thing about limos is that they have a driver .
` ` right now , the only thing i care about is you . ''
that 's one thing about jamie - she rarely goes in for repeat performances .
and right now , the last thing either of us needs is an explosion .
` ` for one thing , she had issues even back then .
it comes with the whole golden girl of the tabloids thing .
this beige on the walls is hideous , so that 's the first thing we 'll want to change .
that truth is the only thing that 's helped me survive .
the fact that she 'd made the last bit a question was the only thing that had my mind catching up , and my mouth answering .
` ` that 's really the least interesting thing about me .
it was all new , every second with her , but it felt so right that it instantly found a place in my life , as though it was not something new at all , but rather a lost thing i 'd found , like rereading an old book that i 'd completely forgotten was my absolute favorite .
it was infuriating , but one thing i 'd learned fast about iris : she never gave in unless she wanted to .
the only thing i cared about just then was getting her home safely .
the sad thing was , this was a pretty average interaction for them .
hers were clean off the ground , the only thing keeping her upright were her hands on the rail , my palms on her tits , and my c**k buried deep .
the one thing i knew with certainty about her , more than anything else , was her need for the world to admire her and her accomplishments .
` ` the fact that your father is old and married is n't the only thing that offended me about his come - on , '' i told him , my tone matter of fact .
the only thing that made it bearable was my unadulterated rage .
they were cheap cotton sheets , but the wonderful thing about cotton was that , if you abused it with enough washing it got really , really soft .
that calculatedly absent alcohol was the only thing that made our dinner together that night any different from the old days .
the huge painting on the wall , of me , was of course the first thing i focused on .
the alarming thing about that was my reaction to it .
the only immodest thing from the chest down was the slit that run high up one thigh .
that had always been my favorite thing about him .
if there 's one thing i ' m sure of about him , it is that .
it was a difficult thing to grow accustomed to , as i could n't remember the last time , pre - bianca , that someone fretted over me .
i wanted the exceptional , a much heavier dose of the thing that i 'd come to obsess about - to crave .
you would make her feel bad about herself , when there is no f**king thing about her that she should feel bad about . ''
there was no such thing as having my hands on her too much or too often , though , as far as i was concerned .
the very last thing he wanted was her worried and distracted .
one thing swanny had noticed from day one of her joining the new team was that she had n't come in with a chip on her shoulder , nor had she seemed to think she had anything to prove just because she was a woman in a predominantly male organization .
but they all had one thing in common .
his cursory read did n't bring up a single negative thing about her .
the last thing she wanted was to be obvious .
and the last thing he wanted her to think was that he was weak .
there was n't a single thing about her he did n't like .
` ` i can guarantee whatever it is you 're stressing about is n't going to change a damn thing about the way i feel about you , and it damn sure wo n't stop me from wanting you .
the very last thing i ever want to do is hurt you .
it was another thing he admired about his team .
her family is the closest thing i have to family , and i will do whatever it takes to protect her . ''
` ` it was the only thing that kept me sane .
and that 's the thing .
the last thing she wanted was john to share the reasons for their breakup with micah and nathan .
not that it was huge or anything , but the last thing she wanted him to see her as was a kid .
one thing they seemed to have in common .
the last thing she needed was alcohol .
the last thing he remembered as he crumpled to the floor was the look of fear and betrayal in faith 's eyes .
it was the one thing he was aware of as he opened his eyes and stared up at the ceiling .
the only thing holding me here was my own stubbornness , my curiosity , my need to make sure the only family i had left was taken care of .
i ca n't forget that you watched me , that you know every little thing about me . ''
that would n't have helped me , for one thing .
i did n't know where his building was , for one thing .
that 's the thing about roth : he never behaves like a tourist .
the most important thing to know is point it away from you and me .
` ` well , anonymity , for one thing .
letting her do that kind of thing to me .
i would miss harris , a lot , for one thing .
you 're the only thing i have .
the strange thing was how vastly different the two things were .
the best thing , the absolute best , was the way she sighed at the first kiss , when our lips first met and she let herself fall under .
her leg slid over mine , her knee touching mine , and then her thigh covered my own - and no , wait , that was the best thing in the world , when she was lying on her side next to me , her face in the nook , that special place between arm and shoulder and chest where she fit just so perfectly , and then we 'd start to kiss and the clothes would come off , and that , that , the way she slid her leg over mine .
there were two girls , for one thing . ''
the last thing i wanted was a confrontation with my ex - fiance .
normally , sex was the very last thing on my mind when i was on my period , but something about shane , something about the time we 'd spent in his bed had unleashed a hunger in me .
the only thing of my own was the bra and my purse .
great sex was one thing .
he has some explaining to do , for one thing . ''
the only thing vic knew for certain was that she had the tightest , sweetest little pussy he 'd ever ridden .
rose gonzalez 's kind , open countenance was the first thing that niall saw when she returned to the waiting room .
the only thing that had changed in two weeks was that his desire had become even stronger .
` ` she tried to get back in his good graces for months afterward , but the only thing she got from vic was silence and ice .
but in all honesty the only thing vic had been focused on since he 'd arrived at mina 's was being with niall .
the last thing she wanted at that moment was his pity .
the only thing he knew for sure was that he was tired of it .
one thing that had not improved with stephen 's new medication regimen was his appetite .
the only thing that she knew for sure was that over the past few months her fog had lifted .
` ` because the thing of it is , '' she continued shakily , ` ` neither one of us really ever spoke of it last year .
the only thing that he experienced at that moment was an overwhelming need to hold her ... to protect her .
the last thing he was thinking about at that moment was getting a ticket .
she felt strange , like her muscles no longer knew their purpose , as if the weight and strength of ian 's body had been the only thing keeping her upright .
` ` the only thing better is going to be having you raw . ''
he stared down at her lush , erotic beauty like she was the first thing a recovering blind man saw .
when he opened the door and she first entered the room , the first thing that struck her was the other man turned in profile to her as he attended to his task .
the last thing she wanted was for lucien to see the rundown extended - stay hotel where she was living .
` ` the only thing you were missing was the pole while you danced up there on the terrace , '' he said next to her mouth before he nipped at her lower lip .
the difficult thing was not aching for his touch every second of the day and night .
it was the last thing she heard before she sunk into the rich decadence of sleeping in lucien 's arms .
still , it was a frightening thing , to trust .
` ` if there 's one thing that all of this has taught us , surely it 's that we choose our families .
there was one other thing that made him feel , even here in this gray wasteland : the sharp pain of desire .
` ` the only thing we want you to feel , '' anne said , stepping forward and taking her hand and with a significant glance , ` ` is at home . ''
the last thing she wanted to do at that moment was to let the world suspect how she felt on the inside .
the last thing he needed at this point in his life was another reason for misery .
the last thing you should be doing is apologizing , '' he whispered harshly , grimacing , absorbing her shudders .
it was n't a thing she encountered much in this day and age .
ian noble was the one thing she could n't have ... could never have .
lin was the first thing his gaze landed on in the large , sun - filled office when coraline knocked and opened the door for him to enter .
` ` i ' m used to being alone , '' kam replied shortly , even though the last thing he felt was alone in his hotel room .
the vibrant green color did wonderful things for ian 's wife 's rose - gold hair and dark eyes .
` ` there 's no such thing as instant families , but yeah .
one thing about angus , it was almost impossible to be aloof or reserved around her .
if there was one thing lin could rely on , it was her professional persona .
the pain of my fingernails biting into my palm was the only thing keeping me calm .
it 's a curious thing , having someone this attractive standing so close .
i pressed back against the wall and he followed , my hand the only thing keeping him at bay .
jeremiah had the broody , tortured thing going for him , while lucas ...
` ` funny thing , clay .
the last thing in the world she wanted was chinese food .
there 's this thing called sunshine that makes us all dopey and happy . ''
if there was one thing julia had learned in this lifetime , and in these few months being on charlie 's very short leash , it was that whoever had the leverage won .
fine , there was one thing he loved more than deal making .
` ` my favorite thing , '' she said in a sexy whisper , closing her eyes and picturing exactly what she wanted to do to him .
if there was one thing he 'd learned in his years as a lawyer , it was that the more you knew about the opposing side , the better off you were .
i want to watch you feel every single thing , '' he said huskily , licking the shell of her ear .
the only thing that stopped the waterworks was the presence of charlie .
because here 's the thing about men like that who run scams .
he 'd finished his eight p.m. set before a raucous crowd that had rewarded him with the one thing a comedian craves more than anything - uncontrollable laugher .
but one thing i am not is a coward .
he was a stranger who was n't quite a stranger , and he was the only thing she was thinking about right now .
` ` restaurants are my thing , '' she said , by way of explanation .
the only thing better than fucking you was tasting you on my tongue this afternoon . ''
but if you really want me to choose , my favorite thing about paris is the beauty .
the first thing he saw was a pair of strong legs .
being with her was the only thing that eased the ache .
he wanted the night to be perfect for her , so he kept the focus on the one thing he could n't mess up - sex .
every single thing he felt for her .
for now , though , for this second , she wanted the same thing .
yes , come to think of it , there was n't a single thing wrong with paris , or france .
the whole too headstrong thing . ''
the one thing he hid well was his desire for casey , but that was proving exceptionally challenging as she went on about this simmering mutual attraction she 'd felt for the lingerie guy .
the only thing that existed between them was a deep and dark desire to be consumed by each other .
but the presence of casey , mere inches from him , was the only thing that made him smooth out the next few words so they were n't filled with the vitriol inside him .
the only thing that had kept him from pouncing on her in the car was the presence of those co - workers .
not a single thing .
because the one thing i wanted when it was over was to see you , and then have you tell me he 's a douche , and that i deserve better , and that he and all the other guys in the world can go fuck off , '' she said , dropping her voice an octave or two to imitate him .
if he felt the same , if he felt any thing for her he would n't say he was afraid of hurting her .
and every single thing about you turns me on .
you 're doing the ' she 's unlike anyone i ' ve ever met ' thing with me ?
he 's got a dark thing about him . ''
the last time i saw him the first thing he asked about was her and how she was faring at her new job at club x . ''
you do that shut everyone out thing that you do n't realize how much it bothers people . ''
` ` sex and love are n't the same thing , baby brother .
` ` what 's your favorite thing to eat ? ''
the man came from a family that lived in a multi - million dollar waterfront house with its own beach and meatloaf was his favorite thing to eat ?
` ` because we ' ve got that trust thing between us .
you 're the only thing right about me .
dancing , nude or otherwise , was the last thing on my mind .
the only thing that scares me is not having you by my side . ''
this was the thing that confused me about tristan .
` ` i know that lip thing .
this will be the first thing i see in the morning and the last thing i see at night before i fall asleep , so convince me this is what i should have on my mind at such important times . ''
` ` i swear there 's not a thing wrong with this man , nina .
have i ever not shown in everything i do that her happiness is the only thing i think of ? ''
` ` i hear that thing in your voice , though .
but it 's not the most important thing in life . ''
` ` oh , the old it's - not - you - it's - me thing , '' i joked .
stalking nina was an entirely different thing and one i did n't like .
i wanted for nothing but for the one thing my life with her had given me .
knowing you 're waiting for me is the one thing that makes me go on .
after the initial itchiness , i 'd gotten used to the beard and seen it as yet another thing i did n't have to bother with every day .
of course , that meant i had to be thankful for varo 's presence around her , which was the last thing i wanted to admit .
why was my happiness a thing she always had to crush ?
` ` well , we had twin daughters named diana and tressa , for one thing . ''
the only thing that could make me happier is if i knew you were happy . ''
the one thing that gives me pause is her age .
i kissed her face so she would feel me , so my touch would be the first thing she felt when she came to .
i think if i lived to be a hundred i would spend everyday being grateful for that one thing .
` ` oh , worry is the last thing on my mind , '' i breathe , gaping at the penthouse suite .
there 's a hunger twisting my core that i know can only be satisfied by one thing : him .
i drink until the world goes black around me - declan 's concerned face is the last thing i see before i finally pass out , wasted .
` ` that nervous laughter thing is no joke , huh ? ''
i want him to know every last thing about me .
this guy , joey , was the closest thing i had to a friend over there .
but if i ' ve learned one thing so far , it 's that dec will tell me what i need to know when i need to know it , and not a second sooner .
the only thing i can focus on is staying by declan 's side as the paramedics arrive .
you know every single thing about me- '' ` ` i buried all of that the minute i got to college .
there 's no such thing as being ` ` safe '' when the club you follow has a score to settle .
the first thing i see is a pair of bright , penetrating blue eyes , absolutely alight with fury .
the only thing that the wraiths love is their power and standing in the outlaw world .
if there 's one thing declan and i can agree on now , it 's that there 's no time to waste .
the only thing i can think about is how badly i want to feel this man split me open on that massive cock of his .
` ` trust me , '' he says , his voice raspy and rich , ` ` if there 's one thing i know beyond a shadow of a doubt , it 's how to get a woman off . ''
i know he has the whole fearless leader thing going on , but he 's more brutal than you could ever imagine .
she asks , ` ` you fucking your way to my side does n't change a goddamn thing . ''
but that continued lack of sisterhood is the only thing that bums me out about having been attached to my brother at the hip .
the last thing i need tonight is a lecture about what a mistake i ' m making .
the only thing that matters .
the last thing i need is to spend the morning fantasizing about my bad - boy - almost - lover .
i download a copy of the entire folder onto my own laptop first thing , so i can keep up my investigation at home .
` ` well , it 's locked , for one thing , '' i point out .
the only thing i know is that i need to get to a safe place .
right now there 's only one thing i want .
she knew exactly how he felt because music did the same thing to her .
she exclaimed , grasping on the only thing she could control at the moment .
but he 'd been prepared and , if there was one thing he 'd learned the previous two nights in this lovely woman 's arms , it was where she liked to be touched , the way she shivered with delight when he found all of her secret erogenous areas .
the only thing worse than being late was giving the man inaccurate reports .
she peeked through the peep hole just to make sure and there stood bob , the only thing showing besides a mass of winter clothing was his face which was grinning stupidly .
i prefer a physically attractive woman , but then again , that 's a pretty subjective thing .
one thing she did know was that she needed to get out of there .
she imagined that between him only having two and a half hours sleep the previous night , the long day at work at some grotesque crime scene , the blows to the head he 'd received and the alcohol , the best thing for him at the moment was sleep .
the last thing she wanted was a rebound guy .
the last thing he wanted to do was deal with emma today .
the only thing she 'd had to eat all day was the partial ham and cheese sandwich dane had given her earlier in the day .
just because he owned a profitable mergers and acquisitions company - at least that 's what she gathered from the online research - did n't change a thing .
the other thing that was keeping her mind from focusing was his general closeness .
the hard ridge of her cock , pressed against her pelvis and the only thing she could think about from that point on was how good it was going to feel with him slamming into her .
the last thing she wanted right now was to bring that back up .
if there was one thing i 'd learned already , it was that it was better to avoid being punished .
when i woke tomorrow morning , the ocean would be the first thing i 'd see .
the only thing a decade had done was add a sprinkling of silver hairs glinting at his temples , just enough to make him look sexy and distinguished .
` ` that 's one thing i ' ve always been good at - seeing the full potential of things ... and people . ''
the only thing i ' m worried about is you .
` ` i have to make sure this is what you want , stella ... your brother- '' i had to cut him off because the last thing i needed was for this night to be plagued with guilt or to be centered around thoughts of my brother .
that 's the thing about me that i knew so well ...
so if i had to go through this ordeal , i might have to go beyond than what i was normally comfortable with , which was another thing that daunted me starting this whole process .
the last thing i wanted was to toy as she put it , because the fevered way my body was responding to her was feral .
for that , i will always be grateful and i would do anything to protect the only thing that was left of them here .
her will to fight me was admirable , but a wise person should know the most important thing when going in for a fight , and that is always know your opponent .
i could hate her all i wanted , but one thing i knew for sure , my body still responded to her .
` ` it does n't matter what you tell me because one thing i know , callum , is that your heart knows the truth . ''
this woman was beyond sexy ... her sexual confidence was the hottest thing .
there was only one thing i aimed at , wearing a dress like this , and that was to be noticed .
` ` it was the only thing we had in common . ''
one thing i had learned about him , when he was serious , he 'd never leave your face .
since work was the last thing on my mind , i walked around london .
one thing i did n't want to do was interrupt their relationship .
the sad thing about having a broken heart was that it always showed .
the last thing i needed was to be flashing people my arse .
other than that , he could n't go further and that was the only thing that mattered the most .
the only thing that counted and mattered to me .
one thing i had learned with my short affair with callum , though , it truly was pure hardship to force yourself to walk away when you had irrevocably fallen into the deep abyss of loving a man .
the last thing i needed was for her to question me .
` ` why the hell did i have to give her my name , '' i hissed , knowing well enough that the last thing i needed was to be polite at the end of this strenuous day .
however , guilt was n't the only thing i held onto .
his thumb was the first thing i felt as it brushed against the bottom of my lip before he dragged his hand to my chin , gliding it up my face until he cupped it , cradling it with his palm .
hearing those words meant only one thing .
her lustrous inky hair was left free , cascading down her back , perfecting that ` ` just out of bed '' look that made horny guys like me think of one thing ... sex .
the last thing i needed was for them to give me a lecture about being with ava .
looking at the bigger picture and trying to be optimistic , the only thing that mattered was ava 's opinion , and she did n't share her mother 's view .
` ` well , since i ' m the closest thing to a sister this little nutter will ever have , welcome to the family , reiss . ''
the first thing i noticed was my left hand , splayed across the bed with the ring reiss had given me a little over a week ago , sparkling brightly at me .
the last thing i wanted was a repeat of the night before .
it was the only thing i had control over .
i was weak , the last thing i wanted was for him to see me as such a mess .
the one thing i was extremely grateful for was that the headaches had slowly begun to grow further and further apart .
his steady grip was the only thing that kept me on my feet as he deepened the kiss .
it was the one thing that made him appear completely relaxed and at ease .
i loved him , the last thing i wanted to do was hurt him by dredging up memories .
pain exploded in my head as i collapsed and the last thing i heard was his manic laughter as the darkness swallowed me up .
it was the weirdest thing .
the best thing about the book - what pushed it into sam 's ` ` favorites '' category - was the hero 's geekiness and social ineptitude .
i forgot one thing about it . ''
he was the face of the office , the first thing people saw when they walked in , and it was important to give the proper impression .
` ` the last thing i need is some amateur head shrink , dude .
the last thing he wanted was conversation .
tierney may not have been drunk that morning he left , but he was the next thing to it - emotionally strung out and hungover .
all the while thinking the only thing he 'd proved by doing that to tierney was that - like everyone else - he had his petty , childish moments too .
it could work , and the thing about not getting into a relationship was only a suggestion .
waking it up , the first thing he saw was the little red circle above his message icon indicating he had a voice mail .
it was n't a bodybuilder 's physique , much to my delight , but he did have that v - shape thing going on .
i wanted to see the baby , for one thing , but also having grace around would lessen the intense parental pressure i 'd feel .
for one thing , it was almost 2 a.m. back in ohio .
for one thing , i kind of liked the idea of the anticipation building .
` ` my living situation , for one thing , '' i said .
` ` the only important thing to me ... is you . ''
for one thing it had decreased in frequency .
the thing that pisses me off is that they 'll give it a go and this music agent will fall flat on his face , and they 'll probably end up signing with someone else just so they do n't have to come crawling back to me . ''
` ` and that 's one thing that worries me a little . ''
for one thing , we did n't want to put any clothes on .
` ` the only thing she 's guilty of is being a terrible gossip .
for one thing , she seemed completely unimpressed by me and not at all attracted . ''
and the last thing i want is to put that on my dad , not when he 's put everything he owns into the frazer center .
` ` arrogance and confidence are n't the same thing . ''
my wallet , my phone , my keys ... my car 's still unlocked , thank god , which is the only thing that keeps me from having a complete and total breakdown in front of the cunninghams ' gate .
the only thing set apart from all this bullshit .
release sweeps through me , furious and crushing , and the last thing i notice before the sensation pulls me under is , once more , the beauty of the scene high above our heads .
the only thing keeping me from going completely insane is morgan , who shows up at my office every day as we make our way gsh with coffee and a giant cookie .
the last thing i need right now is some sort of stalker . ''
it 's selfish of me , i know , but your love is the only thing i truly want in this world .
i ' m not sure how to broach the topic directly ; the last thing i want is to sound like i ' m lecturing her .
` ` goodbyes have never been our thing . ''
our little challenge is the last thing on my mind .
which was exactly the thing that was going to make this even more exciting for me .
mason hunt was my right - hand man , my personal assistant , and probably the closest thing i had to a friend .
and here was the odd thing about that : not only had i never given head , but i 'd never been on the receiving end either .
` ` it 's damn near the only thing i think about lately .
i was n't confident my plan would work , but the important thing was that i had finally won .
she had the whole intimidating stare - down thing going on .
my mom did that thing where she tried to be less like a mom and more like one of the girls .
okay , maybe there was another thing they were out for as well : dick .
it was n't that i did n't trust brian , but another person weighing in on the oddity of this whole situation was the last thing i needed .
but once again , when it came to this man , the only thing i felt was anticipation .
control over my sanity was the only thing worth clinging to .
if there was one thing i was learning , it was that adam spoke plainly , yet there was a lot behind his words .
these days , the only thing i liked about my aunt and uncle was that little boy ... and that was about it .
his blazing blue eyes were the last thing i saw before the metal doors clamped shut , closing me off from him completely .
the only thing i could focus on was the slow beating pulse in my ears .
it was the only thing that existed .
the only other thing i knew was that he apparently never let anyone know when he decided to randomly drop in .
i decided to go with honesty because at this point , the only thing i had left to save was my job .
` ` you know the one thing i find odd about this whole situation , miss riley ? ''
i was n't exactly following the digs he was throwing , but i did recognize one thing : preston .
one thing i was learning was that when things were good , they were so good .
one thing i was picking up on was that while preston was honest , he had secrets .
the only thing holding me together was him .
last thing i saw was his smug turning scarlet in embarrassment .
the cool evening air held a hint of fall and the only thing i hated was that the change from summer to autumn brought shorter days and darker nights .
if there was one thing i 'd learned living on the streets , it was knowing when to sleep alone and knowing when to partner up .
but when i was running , the only thing i could think of was finding the one place i wanted to be .
i could always go to denial tomorrow , but for now , rhys striker was the only thing in the world i wanted .
the last thing i heard was rhys whispering my name .
his voice did n't hold a threat , one thing i was learning quickly about rhys .
i clutched rhys the best i could and his fierce gray eyes were the last thing i saw before my whole world went dark .
the first thing about being a smart fighter is knowing when to tap out .
beautiful thing about my self - preservation system was that as long as i could disconnect enough , pretend that any situation i was in could be easily dealt with , i was fine .
because how we coped was similar , the crap we dealt with was the only thing different .
not an answer , and if there was one thing i noticed , it was avoidance .
the last thing i wanted was to confuse what this was with emotions .
taking in the light blue walls and perfectly made bed was one thing .
apparently i did n't need to because rhys was doing that observing thing again .
i let it spread through me and eat me alive , because it was the only thing left to feel .
` ` well , sure , but happiness is n't really a thing , '' i say .
when all i want is to feel him inside of me , to have him consume me , to be the air he breathes and the only thing he needs .
freckles dot my skin , an inheritance from my father ... the only thing that man ever gave me .
one thing i learned quickly is that naz is a giver , never hesitating to lavish me with the best of everything .
the last thing i want to find is a guy in there .
his presence is the only thing keeping me from freaking out .
i ' m half asleep in the passenger seat after the five - and - a - half hour ride , the only thing keeping me awake my worry .
the first thing i see when i step inside , the first thing my eyes are drawn to , are the smears of dried blood all over the floor around my bare feet .
the first thing i see when i step inside , the first thing my eyes are drawn to , are the smears of dried blood all over the floor around my bare feet .
` ` the whole watching me from afar thing is kind of creepy , you know .
even when i had nothing , when everything good had been torn away , leaving a gaping void of blackness , one thing persevered : my loyalty .
the only thing i feel at the moment is the throbbing of my arm and the stream of blood from the fresh wound running along my skin .
turning around , the first thing i see is the muzzle of a gun , pointed right at my face from just a few feet away .
i recognize the one thing that is worse than seeing the pictures , worse than the fact i just opened my most intimate self to him , and worse than knowing i just revealed my heart to him and told him i love him .
the lights are dim and the glow of the numbers on the morphine pump are the only thing that would tell you something other than a nap was going on .
` ` the only thing blake likes better than sex is humiliating someone .
` ` but that 's the thing .
i ' m tempted to act like it 's true , but the last thing either of us probably need in our lives right now is another lie .
i have n't eaten , but food is the last thing on my mind .
but the main thing that stands out to me is that one entire half of the closet has been emptied out - just a few loose padded hangers remain along with a red silk camisole dangling from one of them haphazardly .
` ` the only thing i want you worried about when it comes to my cock is how deep you can take it . ''
the last thing i want her to feel is fear .
his eyes smoldering on mine are the only thing i can see .
regular sex was the only thing i was missing - hence my impulse buy at the auction .
` ` there was n't a damn thing wrong with it , sweetness .
his impeccable taste is just one more thing that 's easy to love about him .
my own hair is tossed into a messy ponytail and the only thing decorating my skin is a thick layer of greasy sunscreen .
the only thing that still makes my heart hurt is knowing that one day i 'll have to answer questions from max about why his own father wanted nothing to do with him . ''
max is my heart , and so observing how careful and sweet pace was with him made me feel all kinds of things i 'd rather not admit .
i want to show her there 's not a goddamn thing wrong with her body , and i bring my hands to her ass and thrust up so she can feel how much i want her .
i ' m not nervous , the only thing making me sweat is that i just handed a three - carat diamond ring to an infant .
as i drink in her appearance , i realize some things are still the same - her green eyes that sparkle when they catch the light and her messy brown hair that curls every which way , but some other things are definitely new .
as i drink in her appearance , i realize some things are still the same - her green eyes that sparkle when they catch the light and her messy brown hair that curls every which way , but some other things are definitely new .
the only thing stopping me was the fear of letting go of my iron grip around him .
the only thing that was saving me from falling into the depths of the pacific .
the only thing that scares me about ending things with tatianna is the realization that then i 'd have to face my future with mia .
but the thing about mia is that she had it already .
one other thing amery noticed ?
one thing she loved about her job and owning her business ?
you have that whole scary , mysterious zen thing going on .
that 's the thing i hate about cooking fish at home .
` ` there is one negative thing about people flocking to the area , '' amery said , shoving aside her salad plate only to have it immediately whisked away by a server .
the last thing amery saw was an expression of bliss on the woman 's face as she gave herself over to the touch of hands .
that 's one thing that wo n't ever change .
that 's the only thing that ever validated my worth in his eyes .
` ` the only thing knox and i have in common is our desire to beat each other unconscious . ''
` ` tv interview shit is my least - favorite thing about fighting .
` ` first of all , your health is n't one little thing .
giving people a glimpse of the passion between us , the sensuality of how you tie me ... maybe that 's not a bad thing to show off , since i know you respect the intimacy between us . ''
the only thing i cared about in that moment was twining myself around him , feeling his breath in my ear , his mouth on my skin as he showed me how precious i was to him .
` ` the only thing that matters to me is that you love me and trust in me . ''
which was ironic because of all the things she missed , he was the only thing that was close by .
the hottest thing in my world is hearing your voice in my ear when i ' m inside you , because it echoes inside me , filling the spaces that belong only to you . ''
` ` and one other thing . ''
` ` the last thing i 'll ever regret is having a life with amery .
the only thing missing was the girl blowing bubbles with a wad of gum or licking a sucker .
i have this weird thing about wanting the men i sleep with to only be sleeping with me . ''
the only thing better than the food is the view . ''
food was suddenly the last thing on my mind .
i 'd never seen him before , but nonetheless there was one very familiar thing about him .
` ` the thing i like most is the ferries .
chapter one sophia the first thing that i remembered was that i was cold .
it was the first thing i 'd noticed , months ago , when she snuck into our party .
the way he talks about you , the only thing that surprises me is that it took this long . ''
i could have been the bigger woman and let that be the end of it , but after years of torture , the moral high ground was the last thing on my mind .
the last thing i needed was to dredge up painful memories .
i was n't lying , but obviously her fashion sense would n't be the only thing i 'd miss .
this apartment might be the closest thing to a real home that i 'd had since my mother passed .
if i was here to network , the last thing i wanted to be was forgettable .
the one thing i did know about him was the one thing that could keep us apart .
the one thing i did know about him was the one thing that could keep us apart .
my nerves had gotten the best of me this morning , and since the meeting , eating had been the last thing on my mine .
with his identity revealed , my own anonymity - the only thing that had kept me safe from him - was gone .
my compulsion for control when we 're fucking is the last thing you need .
the only thing i doubted was whether he could do it knowing how much blake meant to me .
this was the absolute last thing i needed right now .
i ' ve been a mess , and right now work is the only thing keeping me from losing it completely .
the last thing i wanted to admit was the state of the business .
maybe it was the same thing that had kept me from going to the police when mark raped me .
all of a sudden , being a dad seemed like the scariest thing in the world .
` ` not a damn thing right now .
the last thing i am is embarrassed that you 're with me .
` ` bossy thing . ''
not the first thing about it . ''
the last thing steve ever was , in or out of bed , was boring .
` ` fear is the last thing i wan na see in these beautiful brown eyes when i take you the first time . ''
just let me- '' the last thing she saw before she fled was carter flinging a sheet over the globs of clay and mysterious shape on the table .
` ` there ai n't a single goddamn thing about you that disappoints me , that 's what i ' m tryin ' to tell you .
` ` the one good thing about this damn monstrosity . ''
` ` only thing he cares about is gettin ' laid and gettin ' drunk .
why she 'd always known how cord took his coffee - and every other little thing about him .
but that 's the thing .
the heating problems are one thing i wo n't miss about this old house . ''
that door opens out , which is the first thing i ' m going to change . ''
first thing cord noticed were the boxes stacked everywhere .
he 'd been clingy too - another thing cord had n't dealt with before .
the only thing that remained was the foundation and the cement walkway .
but one thing my sister and i do have in common ?
the last thing i want is to make you uncomfortable in your own house . ''
if he was just another thing she 'd mark off on her ` ` to do '' list .
` ` trust me , the last thing i am is disappointed .
chapter twenty - two another good thing about having a baby : no need for an alarm clock .
must be a girl mckay thing , kade thought , because he knew even at four months , eliza understood everything he said to her .
` ` see , that 's the thing , you do .
` ` know the strange thing ?
last thing to go were his socks .
` ` oh , there ai n't a guy - like thing about you , sweetheart , and trust me , that ai n't a bad thing . ''
` ` no way , eliza , the last thing you need is more sugar . ''
` ` last thing you are , colt , is dumb .
` ` you know my favorite thing about you wearing aftershave ? ''
the only thing visible from their seats were the soles of his tennis shoes .
so he backtracked - chickened out really - and focused on the one thing she would admit to : overpowering lust .
the last thing skylar needed was more stress .
the last thing our time together was , was wasted .
the last thing quinn saw was the sassy head shake of her sassy new hairdo .
but the single most important thing to bring is a positive attitude .
` ` the only thing that upset me about last night was that you left again . ''
` ` princess , when i get you in my bed the last thing we 're gon na be doin ' is sleeping . ''
it 's just ... i have this thing about falling .
her legs were doing this weird , twitchy thing .
the last thing jessie needs is more angry people around her . ''
because by giving you the one thing you want so badly , anton , i get the only thing i want : you .
` ` she 's anemic for one thing .
but the last thing she needed right now was the added stress of him demanding to know how she felt about him .
` ` name one thing about me that sets off your finely honed g*ydar sensors . ''
` ` an ego is n't the only thing that 's big about me , baby .
pity the only thing jack inherited from doro were her green eyes .
he 's been gone- '' ` ` that 's another thing that worries me .
` ` just another thing we have in common , cowgirl . ''
the last thing she wanted was to drive to moorcroft and face her failure .
did he have a single thing in common with her besides phenomenal sex ?
the sweet scent of lilacs surrounding me last thing before i drift off at night .
so during the last three weeks , to take his mind off all the things he missed about keely , her fiery addictive kisses , her violation of his personal sleeping space , her uninhibited sexual response , her inventive curses , her absolute devotion to her family , her stupid country music , her gas - guzzling dirty - ass truck , her gentle insistence with her clients ... he 'd worked .
the last thing jack heard was a cracking sound as carter 's fist connected with his jaw ... and then the lights went out .
but when i ' ve got you nekkid and at my mercy , the last thing i ' m gon na be thinkin ' about is humiliation .
another thing her father and her son had in common : love of sugar - laden cereals .
the silence between him and dash was decidedly chilly and did n't owe a damn thing to the frigid temperatures outside .
` ` know one thing about me that ai n't mellowed ?
but that was the only sweet thing about kane mckay right now .
luckily time was one thing he had plenty of .
` ` that 's one thing me'n kade are n't , is little .
but his brothers had been right about one thing : it was time to fish or cut bait where jessie was concerned .
` ` you must be feelin ' better if you 're bein ' contrary first thing . ''
ginger realized that was one of her favorite things about o**l s*x with kane - the feel of him holding her in place .
first thing ginger did after peeling off the layers of clothes was check her phone .
` ` indy 's pregnant again , for one thing . ''
just another thing i love about you , cowboy . ''
the image of her naked in his arms had been permanently burned into his memory banks , but oddly , that was n't the first thing that popped into his head whenever he saw her .
but it 'd become just another thing casper mckay had ridiculed and brandt let that idea go .
no , she 'd paced the floor with him in her arms because constant movement was the only thing that soothed him .
first thing he noticed was the quiet .
i 'll push you , but the biggest thing you 'll need to get used to with me is that i like sex .
that 's one thing about being locked up in here .
the last thing she saw as she turned the corner onto the main road was brandt still standing on her steps , watching her go .
one thing brandt admired about chase ; he just said what was on his mind , straight up .
not a sweet thing about those midnight blue eyes right now .
goddamn good thing he was freezing his ass off , it was probably the only thing keeping his blood from boiling .
one thing the week had taught her ?
the absurdity of this situation was the only thing stopping chase from leaping out of bed and laying lou bishop out cold .
` ` the last thing i wanted was you guys getting swamped by my shit storm . ''
the last thing he remembered before he passed out was ava slurring , ` ` pillow fight ! ''
but there 's one thing i ai n't letting you off the hook for . ''
because one thing she had figured out ?
staying on eight seconds is the only thing that does count . ''
one thing he 'd noticed over the years ; patrons in small town bars were a diverse mix of people .
the last thing ava remembered were his warm lips pressing against hers , and his whispered , ` ` rest . ''
chapter eighteen the bad thing about driving all night ?
this was another thing she loved about him - his reluctance to release her after such an explosive interlude .
` ` you been hitting the minibar first thing ? ''
another thing he noticed ?
the thing that really sucks is none of this matters .
the thing i learned , or maybe relearned , is to focus on the bull i ' m on and not worry about the next bull or the money or the points or where i might land on the leader board . ''
the first thing ainsley noticed as layla sashayed back was her strained expression .
the last thing she felt right now was in charge .
the last thing you need is them seeing me tracking mud and shit across their brand new carpet .
` ` the last damn thing you are is boring .
` ` the only sure thing about you , angel , is you keep me on my toes .
one good thing about this scene - the vibrator would get her off quickly .
i want this angelic face to be the first thing i see in the morning and the last thing i see at night .
` ` well , pretty jamie , i may ' ve been fuzzy on your name , but i do recall one thing about you . ''
` ` you know the funny thing about returning here ? ''
the only thing that 'd stopped him from f**king her right there on the tailgate of his truck was ... well , they were on the tailgate , in the parking lot of a damn bar .
was ` ` that one thing '' some secret man code for lem me help you get rid of your pesky overnight female guest ?
` ` booze was the only thing that made mine bearable . ''
but my dumb - ass little brother made it sound like some big , stupid secret , callin ' it that one thing because neither of us wants to talk about our f**ked - up family in front of someone that ai n't family . ''
i do n't know if you ' ve noticed a quirky little thing about the greater sundance , moorcroft and hulett metro area , but quite a few of the businesses are owned by someone in the mckay family .
his do n't f**k with me male thing was a total panty - dampening turn - on .
i ' ve made commitments , gavin , and my word has always been the only thing i ' ve ever had of any worth . ''
because one thing he 'd noticed about charlie ?
one thing that had n't changed in their relationship was separate mealtimes .
one thing i miss about arizona is soaking up the sun .
her belly did that flip , swoop , roll thing even when she acted bored .
` ` the only thing you can kiss , boone west , is my ass . ''
` ` the wind for one thing .
dalton probably did that whole cowboy hat tip - nod thing that made women swoon .
she 's got that best friend , confidant , lover thing with gavin .
like i was the only thing that mattered to you . ''
for being so tall , there was n't a bulky thing about her .
` ` the only thing i wan na heat up right now is you . ''
i do n't know who tossed out that accusation because that 's one thing dalton is n't .
` ` one thing we ' ve always been able to count on is the three of us stick together .
one thing about dillon ; he was always impeccably put together .
` ` so the last thing you 'd ever want to do is lie on the hard ground , surrounded by weeds and bugs while the sun beats down on you ? ''
` ` no , the last thing i want is to see that pinched look on your pretty face .
another thing he appreciated about cal .
` ` she 's too damned young for one thing .
chapter nineteen hospital , day 2 - late afternoon one thing about staring out the window ?
` ` only thing that 's changing is casper is getting married and movin ' out . ''
the one good thing about the trailer was colton was self - contained with his brothers in a small bedroom . ''
they have that nonverbal thing too .
it 's a stress thing , not a regular habit . ''
this was another thing the doctors had warned him about : paranoia the coma would come back even when it was damn near medically impossible .
that 's the good thing about bein ' old ; no one expects us to stay for the whole thing .
the only good thing about that ?
i ' m not sure if it 's me or lucian who groans when monique walks toward us ; she is one thing i remember vividly from our last evening together .
the only thing i wanted to eat tonight was ... you .
she 's right about one thing now , though : i ' m as weak as a newborn kitten .
the one thing both parts were in agreement on was the fucking .
one thing that surprises me is how much i enjoy just talking to her , being with her .
i decide to ask him one thing that has been bugging me .
just another thing about the man that is impossible not to love .
the thing that draws me in the most is the troubled man i see glimpses of behind the polished exterior .
the only thing that gives me any peace is knowing i 'll find him .
the last thing lia needs is another parent who has failed her .
one thing i both love and hate at times about him is that he never feels the need to fill the silence .
the only thing that makes me uneasy is how this revelation will affect my relationship with lia .
the thing that surprises me the most about the moment , though , is that he has n't pulled away .
the only thing that really changed on a regular basis was the woman i was screwing .
fuck , the only thing i feel at his words is nauseous .
i ' m far from a prude , but the last thing max probably wants to see today is my cock .
the last thing i need right now is another fucking problem on my plate .
the last thing he heard her say before he left the room was , ` ` it 's okay , andrew .
but you always used to say the only thing we had in common was our faces .
the only thing they did n't talk about was the short time that their lives had intersected .
* * * the only thing that had gotten nathan through a long day of back - to - back conference calls with japan and a few of the other international clients andrew should have been handling , was knowing layla would be waiting for him at the end of it .
the only thing not made out of glass were the two armed security guards outside of alexei 's office , and the effect was n't helped much by the fact they were wearing matching light grey suits and mirrored sunglasses .
the only thing truelle enjoyed more than running an organized and efficient house was telling others exactly how they should be living their lives .
the rafe she knew , the laidback and reasonable one with a great sense of humor , was gone now and in his place was a stranger , with a voice so distinctly hard , it felt like the only thing in the room .
` ` it 's hard to explain , because the thing about now as opposed to your time is we have a lot of technology we use , but most people could n't even begin to tell you how it works . ''
the only thing that kept her from completely losing it on top of him was the viking 's strong hand cupping her in front and keeping her firmly pinned to his cock .
the only thing she did mind , was she 'd barely had a chance to do so much as mind - chat over dinner with fenris , and even though they slept in the same bed closet , she found herself missing him .
the only thing that kept her from dissolving into tears at that point was her fierce need to see her son and assure for herself he was all right .
` ` and that 's another thing we can add to the list of things you have in common , because dexter is gay , too . ''
he shifted the vibrator , so the head buzzed against her sensitive clit , and the only thing that kept her upright after that was his strong arm around her waist .
lacey now knew that the only thing creepier than a child revenge - playing a keyboard , was a child revenge - playing a keyboard that did n't make any sound .
and one thing i know for sure is we both have our reasons for any bad things we did .
but trust me , i ' ve lost my father , and in the end , the only thing that matters is the love .
the one thing josie and him had in common was if either of them said something , you could trust it was true .
and the only thing indicating there might be something wrong with him were the designer sunglasses covering his eyes , even though it was overcast outside .
another thing her mother had taught her was to be twice as kind to the other help as she was to the prescotts .
yeah , she had crossed him and the one thing he 'd inherited from his successful father was an in - born refusal to ever let anybody get away with that .
she plastered on one of those fake southern smiles , one thing josie had n't missed during her cloistered marriage .
the last thing he should want were unnecessary encounters with josie .
but here 's the funny thing about trying to stab someone in the heart .
the only thing the hideout had to recommend it was that , thanks to all the tacky carpeting and music blasting from the club above , the short gunfight went completely unnoticed .
the only thing he had left of his brother .
the only thing that could have stopped him in that moment was if she had told him to stop , that she did n't want what was happening between them to happen .
all she needed - and the only thing that would take the nightmare away , was having the russian hockey player inside of her .
the only thing that kept the day from being a total wash was that her morning sickness truly was contained to the mornings - not all day as some of the women in the internet comments she 'd read on the subject had ominously warned .
and obviously the only thing you care about is getting your way . ''
` ` the whole dead - eyed stare thing going .
but the flinch was the only thing alexei got from him .
but its shape was the only simple thing about it .
the last thing i need is to be locked up for contributing to the delinquency of a minor . ''
the only thing missing was the deep , jagged scar that had run down his father 's left cheek .
and the last thing she wanted was for julian to be any more appealing .
the last thing she wanted was to become a statistic .
i ' m an awful addict when it comes to historical romances , but the last thing you need is for me to read a steamy love scene out loud , thank you very much . ''
the only thing he missed was his children .
the last thing he wanted was to leave this haven .
aware of the way she smelled like flowers and sunshine - things that had been taken from him centuries before .
the first thing he felt was the warm , soft breast that overfilled his palm .
this was getting ugly and the last thing she wanted was to interfere with whatever he had to do to get her safely out of this .
the next thing amanda saw was a room lit by a small fire and candles .
there was no such thing as a soul mate , especially when one of them no longer had a soul .
the last thing she wanted was for him to be hurt because of her .
` ` i was the closest thing to a son my poor father had .
for one thing , cliff was barely six feet tall while the daimons were kyrian 's height and over .
his intention was to find one of desiderius 's flunkies and the last thing he needed was to be unarmed when he met him .
definitely a starving artist , the last thing this woman could afford was a pair of two - thousand - dollar pants , and the earth would stand still and shatter before talon ever put denim on his body .
over the centuries , her presence had been the only thing that kept him grounded and allowed him to function .
` ` i ' m sure i would probably be sitting more comfortably , for one thing . ''
the only thing they had in common was height .
the only thing that kept him alive was the fear that should he die , ceara would be turned out after all .
the last thing he wanted was to lose nynia again and yet as he looked at sunshine , it dawned on him that though she might have his wife 's soul , she was n't his wife .
it was the one thing he could never have .
the last thing i want is to catch parvo from you , or some other freaky dog disease that makes me lift my leg around hydrants . ''
` ` believe me , lady , my strength is the one thing i never doubt . ''
the only thing he saw was sunshine 's distressed face .
the only thing that kept me going was knowing that the clan and ceara needed me .
` ` you know , the thing about life and love is that they are both ever - changing while people seldom are .
that was the thing about acheron , you never really knew what you were going to get out of him .
and of course , the fun thing about souls , they can only be claimed from a dead body . ''
he still did n't know why he 'd put his ass on the line for talon and sunshine , other than the fact that pissing people off was the only thing that truly gave him pleasure .
it was the only thing that kept him warm .
the last thing she wanted was to see him hurt anymore .
trusting someone to not hurt him was another thing entirely .
the last thing i need right now is a concussion .
the only thing more perfect would be to be able to look into his eyes as he loved her .
the only thing that really hurt was the knowledge that eleven thousand years later , it was every bit as applicable to him as it had been then .
the last thing he had ever wanted was to see her hurt .
the last thing he had ever wanted was to hurt her .
it was the only thing that bothered wulf about his existence .
she 'd spent her life in hiding and one thing she had learned ... the best place to hide was out in the open .
the last thing he wanted was to give her another shot at messing with his head .
no , what she wanted was the one thing she knew she could never have ... she wanted a forbidden fantasy - a man of her own to have and to hold .
the last thing she wanted was to know he would grieve for her .
we can run tests once he gets here and see , but genetics are a strange thing so there 's really no way to predict . ''
the only thing that would make this more perfect would be to have her father present , but cassandra had learned long ago not to ask for the impossible .
the last thing he saw was her son falling into her arms and weeping .
fighting was the one thing he and his people excelled at .
i want erik to have the one thing i never had . ''
rejected by everyone except his brother and sister , he knew that the only thing that had saved him from being the omega wolf in his pack had been his willingness to kill anyone who tried to make him or fang a scapegoat .
as a recent member of the i - ain't - got - no - man - and - don't - ever - want - another - one club , i know the last thing you need is to be alone tonight . ''
the last thing he wanted was a skinny mate .
` ` same thing every woman sees in me , babe .
it was n't the only thing .
you return to your time period and make sure dare remains where he is , and i 'll give you the one thing you want most in life . ''
she was the only thing he ever remembered from his human life .
` ` i would have done anything for my father until the day he killed me and took from me the only thing that meant more to me more than my life .
there was no such thing as decorum or rules that held her back .
but the most disturbing thing was the deep , vicious scar that ran from ash 's navel to his throat where someone 's handprint had been branded .
how could he give up the only thing he 'd ever had that was worth anything ?
for one thing , he did n't drain her dark - hunter abilities .
the last thing she wanted was to become emotionally attached to anyone , especially someone who would die of old age and wreck her .
and yet as he stood there , only one thing echoed in his head - the sound of her laughter .
she was n't about to trust him until he gave her a reason to - and probably not even then - and the last thing she wanted was a guy in her house she could n't trust .
his face did that blank thing it did every time she said or did something he did n't agree with .
for one thing , her face softened .
but you know the thing about that is when they 're not your own they are limited . ''
not to mention , the last thing i need is to breeze the dawn . ''
and the last thing he needed was to be passed out in large - cat form .
he felt a smile curl his lips , and that was the most amazing thing of all .
the last thing marguerite wanted was to get him into trouble .
i only like human form , for one thing , and since i ' m not attracted to men , i ' m not happy about being here . ''
smells - another thing she could have done with less of .
that was the last thing she needed in her life .
` ` and the one thing you ' ve never had .
` ` you make it all sound so rosy , but one thing i ' ve learned : if it sounds too good to be true , it probably is .
the last thing i want to do is lose any more . ''
i used to be one of the best reporters in this country and if there 's one thing i know , it 's body language .
maybe he was right , but something in her gut told her that she needed to stay with him , and if there was one thing in her life she 'd learned to trust , it was her gut .
` ` for one thing , there 's not as many of them who can walk in daylight . ''
that was the last thing he wanted at the moment ... well , honestly it was the last thing he wanted period .
the last thing she needed after this day was rejection .
the last thing i want is to hear about it from him . ` `
if there was one thing in life acheron seemed to understand , it was the daimon mind - set .
ravyn wanted to protest , but one thing he knew about savitar was that he did n't like to be questioned .
it was the most soothing thing she 'd ever known .
urian had been the only thing stryker had ever loved .
it 's the only thing i do n't miss about living in d.c . '' he laughed .
she might make him crazy , but in his mind she was the closest thing he had to a family .
it was n't right for her to crave the one thing she could never claim .
the fact that he considered killing her or the fact that the only thing that kept him from it was an oath .
but then the only thing worse than knowing the future was not knowing it , which happened whenever the future involved him or someone whose future directly influenced his .
i ' ve come a long way , but it 's been hard and brutal , and the last thing i want is to accuse an upstanding , highly decor - rated official and relive that nightmare all over again .
the heat in her body for one thing .
the last thing any of them needed was for thia to hook up with a billionaire playboy .
after all , infants and i do have at least one thing in common . ''
but the amazing thing about boats is that they occasionally turn around and come back . ''
the last thing we need is for her to call out my father . ''
for one thing , he was no longer corporeal .
it went with the whole god - vanity thing that could be quite off - putting at times .
` ` that 's the only thing i detest about your father .
honestly , their separation was the thing she regretted most in life .
` ` that 's the thing about betrayal .
the last thing she could stand was the thought of a child suffering .
if there was one thing any of them knew , it was how to please a woman .
the last thing he wanted was to bring any more pain into his life .
the last thing a babe needs is to be left with a heartless viper like you . ''
the only thing that made any of this bearable was her wit and courage .
that her life was the only thing in the world that mattered to you . ''
` ` you know the incredible thing about hearts is their unbelievable capacity for forgiveness .
` ` well that 's one thing i guess . ''
the only thing mori ever worried about was where his next check was coming from .
the only thing that had kept him here was the fact that he would n't give them the satisfaction of knowing they 'd weakened him to that point .
she did n't have any jewelry or anything else that marked even the most basic thing about her .
she was the only thing he could focus on , the only thing he could feel .
she was the only thing he could focus on , the only thing he could feel .
but one thing i realized with my brother is that you ca n't toss your pearls before the swine .
the one thing she 'd learned in her long life was that the best intentions were often the most lethal .
the only thing that saved us was the fact that dolor was in stasis and his powers restricted .
i value what little sanity1 have left , and the last thing i want is to be in the middle of what i ' m in the middle of .
or sleep nak*d . the last thing i need is to go blind from it . ''
but that was one thing about jaden , he always wanted you to speak your needs .
one thing he knew which he had n't mentioned was that when something watched someone , it was seldom benign .
and it was then she smelled the same thing he did ... before she could move , xypher was there , moving faster than anyone could see .
the only thing we had in common was the o'learys .
the only thing i knew was that i could n't leave acheron here .
i did n't need him to tell me what that one thing was .
the servants here were mostly elderly and the one thing i 'd noticed was that older people seemed more immune to whatever it was acheron possessed .
the last thing you need is to tax your heart .
that was the only thing he 'd ever craved .
apollo was the closest thing to a friend she 'd ever known , but even he was reserved around her .
it reminded him how rare such a thing as sincerity was .
the last thing in his memory was artemis biting him in her bed and a sense of exhaustion overtaking him .
the last thing she wanted was to be at his mercy again .
` ` trust me , artie , keeping secrets is the one thing i learned early in my life .
the last thing she wanted was to be nak*d in this world and at the mercy of people who had no heart .
the only thing worse than his treatment of her was her father 's insistence that she was blessed to be in the god 's presence .
yet another thing that made him a freak to normal people - it 'd also made estes and catera a lot of money since those who were shorter liked the feeling of power they had over someone his size .
the thing he 'd always loved most had been the way the music made him feel .
one thing he 'd learned while living with his uncle , lust overrode anger .
i would give her the one thing she wants most . ''
` ` having a friend is never a bad thing . ''
the one thing every god on olympus knew was that these three girls were the most powerful of the entire pantheon .
she 's too young still to be left to callous care and the last thing i want is to see either one of you hurt because of it . ''
` ` i have no gear to wear and the last thing i want to be is squid . ''
he 'd shave his hair off except the only thing he hated more than having his hair grabbed was feeling something , especially a breath or breeze against the nape of his neck .
nick had been the closest thing to a real friend and he 'd cursed him to die .
the one thing in the universe that he excelled at was this and he wanted her to know the height of his skills .
the only thing that kept him sane was the deep voice of acheron telling him that he 'd be all right .
you hold your head high and know that you have the one thing they can never take away from you . ''
he 'd banned all cell phones from working anywhere near him , but ash had managed to talk him into a beeper so that he could at least page the broker so that they could partake of the one thing jaden did like about the modern age .
the last thing she remembered was seeing ash .
` ` hey , does the blood thing mean i ca n't eat anymore ? ''
` ` then we do have one thing in common . ''
the one thing he 'd learned over the centuries was that apollymi was even less sentimental than he was .
in all his life , she was the only thing that he 'd ever really craved .
in your eyes , i was the man i 'd hoped to be even while my father told me the only thing i 'd ever be was a disappointment to him .
the only thing that made him stand out was the double bow and arrow mark of artemis that was branded on his cheek .
it was tempting except for one thing .
the only thing the woman had in common with most goddesses was her tall height and beautiful hair .
` ` one thing he 's not doing is pissing me off , which is more than i can say for you . ''
the most surprising thing was that his skin was n't pale or freckled .
the one thing she 'd learned about jericho was that his temper would always get the better of him .
yeah , the last thing they needed was to be that vulnerable while they slept .
the last thing i need is another one . ''
but the one thing she knew about pigheaded men ... there was no way to change their minds .
the funny thing was , whenever he called them cousins or cuz , people thought it an endearment .
` ` not a single damn thing .
the one thing about aimee , she did n't like people protecting her .
but damn , standing there in front of him with the streetlights reflecting off her pale hair and her brow furrowed by worry for him , she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
the one thing he 'd learned in the nether realm was how to sense one anytime it was near .
he was afraid that if he did , he 'd attack his brother for abandoning him to the nether realm and the last thing he wanted was to taint the happiness bride and vane shared .
one thing i ' ve learned while doing this is that people change , people betray , and the only one you can truly trust is yourself . ''
but the one thing that has n't changed is how i feel about you .
the one thing she 'd learned about wolves and fang in particular was that he loved to taste and to lick .
the one thing he 'd always been was thorough .
the one thing about sex and were - hunters was that it empowered them .
one thing about simi , you could always count on her .
each one different , they all had one thing in common : someone had betrayed and killed them in a manner so foul that they sold their souls to the greek goddess artemis for a single act of vengeance against their betrayer .
if there was one thing in life he understood , it was concealed pain .
they looked more like sisters than mother and daughter and they were the only thing in the universe that meant anything to him .
the only thing she really hated about living in new orleans was that you could n't have a basement , which was much safer than an upstairs bedroom .
the last thing she needed as bad as she currently felt was another assault on her senses .
the one thing that differentiated him from the rest of the dark - hunter crew was that where they usually had their bow - and - arrow marks hidden , his was right on his cheek and neck in a way that suggested artemis had bitch - slapped him when she 'd brought him over .
one thing he 'd learned the hard way , people turned on each other .
the one thing he knew about dark - hunters was that they only lost their powers whenever they confronted a memory from the event that had caused them to sell their souls .
the one thing about a charonte , they were perpetually hungry and lived to eat things that would n't get them arrested .
the only thing about his past that he 'd cop to was that he 'd been a knight in medieval spain -- he would n't even verify what century .
however i do have one thing in common with both -- '' ` ` you abduct women ? ''
but that was the one thing about the female gender that made him insane .
the most important thing about being a dark - hunter was their vow to protect humans .
she wanted dev and it was the one thing she could n't have .
it was like he was hating acheron for the same thing he protected about him .
` ` the same thing that caused him to curse the apollites to begin with . ''
that had been the only thing he truly hated about his rebirth .
yeah , that was the thing about immortals .
the one thing you could always count on with daimons was the fact that they were self - cleaning .
he glanced at the scorched stain on the pavement that was the only thing left of the daimons .
for one thing , he was a lot larger than she remembered .
last thing she wanted was to die ... at least before he did .
the only thing lethal about him now was his giant size and those dark eyes that promised her death .
the one thing about zarek , it did n't take much to motivate him to murder .
that was the thing about zarek .
lovely thing about my current situation , i ' m truly immortal .
normally he would n't mind , but right now , sex was the last thing either of them should think about .
the only thing that kept her from crashing onto the marble floor ten feet below was one hand .
the last thing he wanted was to see her die , too .
one thing she did n't miss was the fact that he had one foot against the door so that if anyone opened it , it would wake him immediately .
one thing about bradys ... we do n't run and we do n't lose .
it made her ache for the very thing she would die before she gave him .
the only thing she knew for a fact was that she was being hunted by something she 'd accidentally unleashed .
the one thing no one had ever told her about was how to cope with the lives she 'd taken .
she was the only thing good i had .
but the only thing that kept her anchored was jess .
last thing he wanted was to be responsible for everyone else .
and the one thing his childhood had taught him was not to dwell on what - ifs .
funny thing about labor , it made time slow down so that one minute in human time equaled three hours to a laboring mom .
all their centuries together , the only thing he 'd ever been able to count on was her willingness to hurt him anyway she could .
it was the only thing he could possibly be ... other than a god .
that knowledge was the only thing that saved her life .
the only thing he held that much belief in was the willingness of others to hurt or sacrifice him for their own whims , personal gains , and pleasures .
obviously , the last thing he 'd needed was more pain .
now that she had him bare and clean , the only thing scary about him was how flawlessly handsome he was .
the last thing i need or want is you patronizing me for it . ''
the last thing he wanted right now was to have his back clawed again .
during his confinement , it 'd been yet another thing his mind and body had tortured him with .
he 'd been known as the embodiment of total aggression , another thing seth shared with his father .
the thing that haunts him most is how they would laugh over his weak , pathetic cries for help . ''
the last thing she wanted to do was be the one who pushed him into it .
last thing he wanted was to be hit anymore .
the only thing that grounded him was her soft touch ... the concern in her warm eyes .
the last thing i need is someone watching over me .
the one thing he 'd learned with her was that if he said the wrong thing , she closed him out .
the one thing no one ever had .
the only thing that kept him grounded was the woman in his arms who 'd rocked his entire existence .
the only thing worse was being evil 's bitch , and makah'alay omawaya had been that , too .
last thing she needed was more .
but the one thing that had always been constant in all of them was the dark - haired man who either fought by her side or who ... stabbed her dead .
last thing i need for a woman is a harpie , know what i mean ? ''
` ` so we 're past that whole two - syllable thing , then ? ''
every friggin ' thing about this is creepy .
the last thing he wanted was to suffer the humiliation of having the mother of his children prefer the touch of a mortal man over his . ''
but the last thing he wanted was to be her pity f**k . that was the only thing worse than being rejected and ridiculed .
the one thing he could feel was the heartbeat of the world that thrummed like a solid hum under his feet .
the one thing she and fernando had shared was their philosophy that work came first , no matter what .
the only thing he could remember was seeing mothers with crying children .
in all his life , the guardianship had been the only thing good that ren had been chosen for .
and that thick mississippi drawl had to be the most shocking thing of all .
she was the only thing i hung on to .
that was the thing about drinking preternatural blood .
the only thing she knew for sure was that something bothered him .
that thought was the only thing that made his slavery bearable .
as a human , his weapons had been the only thing he 'd ever taken pride in .
the only thing the human francesca shared with her wolf counterpart was her thick , dark chestnut hair .
` ` the only thing his highness would like to see in regards to you , princess , is your disembowelment . ''
to want the one thing he could n't have .
the last thing she wanted was to live without him .
in fact , the only thing he wanted right then was to take her into his arms and taste that sweet , sassy mouth .
that was the bad thing about senseless violence .
he was a good three inches taller than donovan at six - six , with arms and legs as stout as tree trunks and a belly that was the first thing that hit an opponent .
the last thing i need is a wife to distract me from- '' ` ` who is to say she will distract you ? ''
there was no such thing as subduing her .
chapter ten otrygg had been correct about one thing : in contrast new norway did make new sweden seem like a women 's rights paradise .
` ` what i do with my life is one thing .
that the last thing she wanted was the stench of a human - lover in her house . ''
the one thing she 'd never expected from him , especially given the way he fought in battle , was this degree of humanity and love .
the only thing she 'd ever craved .
and all that wealth of tawny male was definitely the most interesting thing to look at on this godforsaken rock .
and the last thing any male wants is to be thrown out of his family . ''
` ` fain made the mistake of marrying a human who decided too late that the last thing she wanted was to be tied to an andarion male who had no lineage . ''
not to mention that whole wide - as - a - house thing he has going for him ...
i thought blood was the only thing that mattered . ''
and after the nightmare and infighting between his mother and grandmother , the last thing he wanted was to put any more drama into his already f**ked - up life .
it was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen on any male .
the other beautiful thing about andarions , they are very fertile little turtles .
the only thing that kept him from hating kyr for that was that the bastard had been right .
the good thing about aksel was that he 'd been a paranoid son of a whore .
the last thing she wanted was to make something worse in her ignorance .
it 's the only thing more agitating than the mecha .
it was one thing he could definitely relate to .
it was the only thing she hated about working out .
` ` that is the creepiest thing . ''
` ` the only thing that keeps me going is the memory of what it was like without them . ''
the one thing about the sentella ... they were a family , first and foremost .
in all the universe , she was the closest thing to family he 'd known in a very long time .
and the last thing he wanted to do was lose another family member he loved .
and sex had been the last thing on his mind .
that was the one thing that could get irritating about maris .
another thing that was sexy as hell .
the one thing about his noble and warring family ... no non aristo ever condescended to them .
the last thing you need is an ass**le giving you unnecessary drama for it . ''
the only thing that kept him from cursing them both was the knowledge that darling was the sole reason he had maris .
and the last thing he wanted was to be here tonight without him .
he 's the hottest thing on two legs .
that was another thing merjack had failed to mention .
` ` one , that devyn wants you that badly and two , that he thinks enough of you not to come on to you - another thing that is rare for him .
for one thing , i ' m pretty sure i was born in more clothes than she 's wearing in that picture . ''
the one thing he hated about talking to his mom .
alix truly was sorry , but with devyn 's mouth on hers the only thing she was sorry for at the moment was that he was n't inside her .
the only thing she could see that was similar was the deadly gleam in their eyes .
the last thing she wanted was to see them hurt .
but the most fascinating thing was the huge white piano set before the windows that looked out on a breathtaking view of the city below .
` ` the only thing i trust in life is to get f**ked over by everyone around me .
it was the only thing about him that was soft .
he knew his friend would n't hesitate to help , but nykyrian had problems of his own and the last thing syn wanted was to bring another one to his door .
` ` well for one thing you were pretty harmless and you were drugged .
shahara wanted to answer , but the sight of him cleaned up was the only thing she could focus on .
and the last thing we need is for me to puncture a lung . ''
and the last thing i need is some overly macho guy telling me that i ca n't take the heat .
but the one thing she knew about him was that he used sarcasm as a defense and a cover for his real feelings .
after she left , it was the only thing i kept .
he wanted to give her this , the one thing she 'd never known - a tender moment with a man .
and the last thing she wanted was to return to it .
they were about the only thing she had up at the moment .
one corner of nykyrian 's lips quirked up into the closest thing to a smile he 'd ever seen from his friend .
the most disturbing thing of all was the fact that his eyes were hidden behind a pair of opaque shades , a safeguard used by military assassins to keep those around them on edge , since there was no way of telling where they were looking or what they were thinking .
for one thing , she was n't lying on a pile of filthy garbage , and for another , her wrists had been cleaned and bandaged .
tall and lean , he was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen in her entire life , and given the hot pieces of cheese employed by her dance company , that said a lot .
there 's no such thing as a loving hand for anyone .
the last thing he wanted was to inadvertently damage her with his andarion strength .
and even as disheveled as she was right now , she was still the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen and all he could think about was stripping her clothes off and nibbling every part of her .
hatred was one thing he could easily deal with .
since she 'd called his attention to the studio , the only thing he 'd really noticed had been the tiny droplets of water clinging to the deep cleft of her br**sts .
she shook her head , her eyes shiny with unspent tears , which was one thing he admired most about her .
the one thing she did know about him - he was stubborn to a fault .
embarrassed , she cleared her throat before she admitted to the one thing she hated most about herself .
the one thing she 'd never been able to let go of no matter how hard she tried .
it was such a normal thing to do and normality had always been the one thing missing from his life .
the only thing that had changed was the person telling him to kill and the number of people trying to kill him .
the last thing she wanted was to spend a day with his threats and taunts .
but the one thing that stood out vividly was the cold - blooded grace of nykyrian 's movements .
` ` but if he 's hired private investigators- '' ` ` they report what they find , and if there 's one thing we 're all good at , it 's manipulating things .
their friendship was the only thing that saved syn 's jaw from being shattered .
the only thing she wanted was her husband and nothing could bring nykyrian back from what they 'd done to him .
and at this point the only thing she was looking forward to was having her baby - something her father refused to even talk about .
second , a child is the last thing i need in my life .
the last thing he wanted was to come face to face with the one person he hated most .
the only thing she hated about being pregnant was the multitudinous bathroom breaks .
this was n't easy on him and the last thing she wanted was for him to think she 'd abandoned him , too .
the last thing i want is a mate who 'll cruise into my life once a year , screw my brains out for two days , then run off until she delivers my litter to me to raise without her .
the last thing i want is to overshoot my time period or end up with the dinosaurs . ''
not a damn thing except to have her disdain him over something he could n't help any more than she could help being human .
it was true freedom and that was one thing she 'd never known .
not a damn thing except a pain so profound that he felt as if something were shredding his heart .
the last thing you want is to touch something so fouled . ''
the last thing he could bear was to see her look at him with the same disgust he felt for himself .
she was the only thing that mattered to him .
she did and , oddly enough , the most comforting thing she could imagine was the sound of his heart pounding under her cheek .
the first thing she saw was chrissy 's worried frown .
the most annoying thing about wink was that he loved practical jokes and was forever making fun of the children of myst .
the only thing they differed in was height .
the only thing that made it bearable was erin 's presence .
and the thing that has always made me maddest with you is that you never even tried to . ''
the only thing they have in common is that the night - searchers hunt down cursed vampires like the dark - hunters do .
grabbing a piece of bacon , he had to admit that this was the one thing he liked about having celena around .
the only thing that mattered right then was being with rafael .
the only thing that kept her from releasing it was the knowledge that rafael would die if she did .
the sad thing was , she could n't blame him .
the only thing that kept him going was his furious need for vengeance on the ones he blamed for this catastrophe .
friendship was one thing .
the last thing i need is to be schizophrenic . ''
for one thing , he 'd been driving it for over nine years .
adrian nodded , but by his face she could tell food was the last thing he wanted .
the last thing she wanted was for him to break it down .
that was one thing about michael - once he slept , it would take the end of the world to wake him .
the last thing she needed was a tarnished reputation , and the last thing he needed was nosy questions he could n't answer .
but the thing he despised most was the gold , high - collared , heavily embroidered jacket with a white shirt that had mountains of girly lace cascading down the front .
those demonic gray eyes were the only thing that stayed the same in all of asmodeus 's incarnations .
the sad news was that asmodeus was the closest thing to an actual friend seth had ever had ... which was why the demon , who 'd been freed from noir 's service a few years back while seth had been confined , had been asked to be his best man .
the only thing she did n't like about being pregnant was the fact that she cried over every little thing .
the last thing she wanted was to be stuck in a meeting without him .
the only thing worse than riding through the sun in full gear was teleporting .
the last thing she wanted was to deal with storm tonight .
however , the last thing she wanted was to be trapped inside a vehicle with an unknown male for two hours .
sometimes it was drugs or food , but usually it was alcohol , and in grady 's case , there was only one thing he wanted .
` ` there 's one thing i have n't figured out about you . ''
even after two years , she did n't know much about their backgrounds , but she did know the one thing that mattered - that she could trust these two without question .
` ` the last thing you 'll see alive , '' he told her in a voice promising pain as a prequel to death .
` ` maybe the strange aura is just part of the whole allergy to the sun thing . ''
she had one thing in common with storm .
authorities have no idea what happened because the only thing they found besides the mutilated and half - eaten couple was the nude body of a man floating in the water nearby .
she knew better , but the only thing left of two pots from the set quinn had just given her were the two wooden handles on the floor .
the only thing stopping him from exploding when he finally shoved inside her was a basic male drive for control .
and none of them had green eyes , but they did have one thing in common .
` ` i think working with viper is the only thing keeping him going after losing his wife and son years ago . ''
` ` but the thing that pushes me right over the edge is how little value you place on your life . ''
the peirce family had begun chaining elizabeth to the bed at night , preventing saroya from killing , the only thing she lived for .
one thing she 'd learned about lothaire ?
the only thing that held a candle to her stubbornness was her inability to take orders .
there was n't a damn thing wrong with her curves !
` ` only thing i recognize . ''
` ` the only thing greater than my need is my strength .
` ` funny thing about appalachia jokes - unlike all other jokes , they just never get old . ''
that was the one thing she could n't seem to be with him !
he 'd begun doing that predatory stalking thing around her .
if she 'd learned one thing growing up in a hardscrabble community , it was that sometimes love was n't enough .
because i was cured of one thing only to become afflicted with something else - something you might have an even harder time accepting .
yet another thing they did n't have in common .
the only thing that could make that sensual sound better ?
though i think sleep would be the last thing we 'd be interested in .
it feels like one more thing that separates her from the students around her : her skin turns almost translucent in the sunshine .
it 's been a crazy day , and the last thing he wants to deal with tonight is one of jay 's girlfriends sneaking into their room .
now one thing is for sure : the only thing keeping her from being completely alone in this world is the nervous boy sitting next to her .
the weird thing is it 's all or nothing , and about the strangest things .
about why the universe sent her back here and why he seems to be the only thing that matters .
and that , five hours after being in the frozen lake , the only thing that seems to be off is how slowly he bends his fingers .
the only thing keeping her going is that she 's still here .
plus '' -he gestures down my body- '' you have this whole flapper girl thing going on with the short dress and the '' -he draws a circle in the air with his index finger near my head- '' the shiny black hair and straight bangs .
the only thing i remember after pulling ansel down the hall last night is more alcohol - a lot more - and flirting .
i ' m leaden and numb , and other than the heavy echo of pleasure between my legs , the only thing i can feel is my smile .
i ' m the only thing he wants .
it sits , faceup , on the table and the first thing my gaze snags on is his name at the top , and then the long list of checkmarks beneath the negatif column for every sexually transmitted disease we were tested for .
i struggle to keep my attention on his face , knowing that the skin he 's slowly revealing is quite possibly my favorite thing about france .
i want the thick slide of him into me , the way my body is so full of his it 's the only thing i can imagine ever feeling again .
there are a few helpful things : boeuf / beef , poulet / chicken , veau / veal , canard / duck , and poisson is fish ( i ' m completely unashamed to say i knew that one from countless viewings of the little mermaid ) , but how things are prepared or the names for various sauces or vegetables are still things i need help with at most restaurants .
i ' ve grown used to what europeans refer to as coffee - intense , small pours of the most delicious espresso - and other than ansel , i ' m sure this is the one thing i will miss most about the city .
the only thing i know is that i need to move , but before i can manage to put one foot in front of the other , ansel is at my side , his hand curling tightly around my arm .
the last thing i want is to hear her voice again .
perry might have been a total bitch but she was right about one thing : the only one moving forward in this relationship was ansel .
all you had could be taken away , love could be the last thing you had , and then love could be taken too .
the only thing i have left is the hope of seeing them , of not breaking my mother 's heart .
the first thing he noticed , right by his door , was a strong and bad smell - something rotten , mixed with something like skunk , mixed with other things he had no desire to identify .
for one thing , alec had come and said thank you to magnus for saving his life .
there was one thing simon had never been , and that was graceful .
being undead is n't the most important thing about me .
vampire sight was a strange thing , he thought .
they are not exactly covenant , for one thing , and for another , it is rumored you already have one . ''
the first thing alec was aware of was freezing cold .
` ` you 're the only thing that kept this from being a massacre . ''
` ` you were the first thing i loved , you see , after him , that was n't my own blood .
for one thing , he was lying under soft blankets on a comfortable wooden bed in a small , clean room whose walls were painted a pale blue .
` ` the thing about the mirror is that no one knows where it is .
but i see you looking at jace , and i see myself looking at clary , and i figure - maybe we have that one thing in common .
for one thing , where 's jace ? ''
one thing you 'll learn as you get older , simon , is that when people tell you something unpleasant about themselves , it 's usually true . ''
there were a lot of things she once would have envied aline for - being small and delicately pretty , for one thing , not amazonian and so tall in heels she towered over almost every boy she met .
there were a lot of things she once would have envied aline for - being small and delicately pretty , for one thing , not amazonian and so tall in heels she towered over almost every boy she met .
for some reason the first thing clary noticed was that he was clean - shaven .
the first thing she saw when she 'd finished was malachi .
it was one thing about being a vampire that he could honestly say he enjoyed .
the only thing that makes a name important , and yours , is that it 's given to you by someone who loves you . ''
as if i would want to give up the thing that makes me stronger than anything else ever has .
on the other hand it was symptomatic of how strange his life had become that that was the thing that had startled him most tonight , rather than the fact that he had just been summoned to a meeting by the most powerful vampire in new york .
he could n't tell her about camille ; he 'd promised to keep the vampire 's offer a secret , and while simon did n't feel he owed camille much , if there was one thing he had learned from the past few months , it was that reneging on promises made to supernatural creatures was a bad idea .
` ` it 's the most important thing i ' ve ever felt . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as vampire mojo , '' said jace , rather eerily echoing clary 's earlier comment .
she knows about your mark , for one thing .
the first thing that struck clary was the chill .
` ` i think , '' he said slowly , ` ` that i thought that the closest thing to being with you was being with simon .
the only thing that matters is how i feel about you . ''
the last thing she felt was jace 's arms around her as she fell .
the only thing that stopped clary was the knowledge that the seelie queen never gave anything without the expectation of something terrible in return .
that was the thing about new york : you always knew more about your neighbors ' business than you wanted to .
if you like that whole chiseled , blond , abercrombie - and - fitch - wishes - they - could - afford - me thing . ''
this different jace was one thing .
` ` i ' m not sure there is any such thing as team good these days , '' she said .
his suit formed first - a gray and silver pinstripe , with elegant cuffs - and then he seemed to fill it out , his flame eyes the last thing to appear .
kissing and cuddling and even sex were one thing .
i think she 's the one thing he still has from his human life , and he ca n't let her go .
it was the only thing that kept jace from slamming the door on the way out .
it was another thing when your father owned a significant portion of hell 's real estate .
she tasted fire and char and blood on his mouth and wondered if he tasted the same thing on her .
` ` you think you can change him , temper him , make him better , because you 're the only thing he cares about , '' jocelyn said .
the first thing i noticed was a pair of black sweatpants like the pair i had on , and then a white shirt covering narrow hips .
the only thing i retained was anger , and each time i squared off with mo or another hybrid i did n't know - did n't even care to get to know because of what we had to do - my anger and frustration went up a notch .
the only thing i did know was that they would n't let any of the other hybrids kill me .
for one thing , she did n't talk about anything she 'd been doing or how she got those bruises .
the only thing that he and any of the other origins have not been able to do is change their appearance .
i had sensed nothing unusual from him , not a damn thing other than this off vibe , but i did notice that kat seemed comfortable around him .
the main thing was the abnormal intelligence gleaming in their oddly colored eyes and the small childlike smile that seemed to mock the adults around them .
this was always the hardest - forcing ourselves to go to our own beds - but the last thing we needed was to risk getting caught up in the moment ... in each other .
it 's not a magical or spiritual thing , but a mixture of ability , strength , and determination . ''
even archer had the open - mouth thing going on , but i think that had less to do with what their appearance meant to daemon than it did with how beautiful she was .
if there was one thing i knew and understood in this world , it was that daemon loved me .
the funny thing was , i was n't .
it 's the one thing that no one can strip from us . ''
the first things i noticed about northern idaho were the tall fir trees and the majestic slope of the mountain range in the distance .
` ` i ' m working on something that will hopefully take care of the nancy problem , '' luc announced , but the only thing i 'd seen him work on was the fine art of sitting on his butt .
that would be the first thing i grabbed if i thought it was the end of the world .
she did n't seem to mind , because in the short time i had known her , the nickname was well earned , and the only other thing i did know about her was that her gaze was usually attached to my ass .
` ` explain to me this healing and mutation thing , '' rolland ordered , leaning forward .
the only thing that stopped me was the fact that i was convinced she had to have an alien insect attached to her somewhere that changed her personality , and her attitude was n't her fault .
that was the funny thing about the luxen .
strange thing is , i never trusted this guy .
the thing was , it truly was the million - dollar question .
i wanted to do more , a whole lot more , but i had n't had the forethought to bring any protection from the mayor 's mansion with me , and the last thing either of us needed to worry about was a little kat or daemon on the way .
` ` you really do n't need to keep reminding me that there 's no such thing as privacy around you . ''
the only thing i felt was rising confusion and irritation .
but that was n't the only thing .
` ` the thing that everyone seems to forget is that luxen , and even we , are susceptible to certain wounds . ''
and that was n't the only thing .
i did n't know how to ease this , which was the only thing i cared about at the moment .
there was no such thing as willpower when it came to her , especially not when she lifted her head and kissed me .
the only thing i want to feel is you right now .
dawson and beth had brought the surprise to end all surprises into the world when beth gave birth to a baby girl , so much so that the first thing i thought of was nessie , and then i could n't stop cackling for like fifteen minutes .
that was the sucky thing about daedalus .
very few humans retained a pure soul once they started exercising the whole thing called free will .
it was about the only thing i had .
that was the thing about gargoyles .
` ` that 's the funny thing about denial .
losing that pesky thing called virginity . ''
i ' m the very last thing you should be worried about . ''
` ` yeah , see , that 's the funny thing .
considering everything that was happening and had happened already , it seemed like the last thing i should be thinking about .
i also wondered why i even cared , but the last thing i wanted to be seen as was a girl on the verge of tears .
` ` the only thing i wish more is that you never had to experience what you did . ''
the look on his face said , ` ` do n't eat the soul of the seer , '' but honestly , the only thing that eased the craving was the shock that rippled through me when i turned back to the seer .
like you 're trying to convince yourself that 's the only thing you are , and i know that 's not the case .
because , besides the secrets i 'd been keeping , the only thing different about me was the fact that i 'd ... i 'd been kissed .
the last thing we needed was for zayne to check on me now .
only thing missing was bambi and she was currently wigging out on my skin , slithering up and down , but roth was alive and he was here .
the whole innocence thing again .
a hot and ugly emotion replaced my anxiety as i twisted toward the man i once looked upon as the closest thing to a father i 'd known .
the scent was the first thing i noticed .
the thing had rounded the end of the lockers , and it was completely , buck - ass nak*d . not like that was the most disturbing thing about the creature .
i supposed , but it was just another thing that made me so different from zayne and uncomfortable in my own skin .
the painting was the only thing out of place - a hard - core battle scene of angels fighting with fiery swords .
the bone - deep chill that had seeped into my being was the same thing i 'd felt right before the windows exploded and maddox fell down the stairs .
the same thing i felt before the windows exploded and maddox fell down the steps . ''
i got the ninja thing , though .
the first thing i noticed was how normal everything was .
it appeared their undying faith in my gooey goodness was the one thing they had in common .
even though he 'd rejected me like i was faulty brakes and there was zayne and every wonderful thing i felt for him , i still - deep down , nestled in a part of me i held close - cared for roth and those feelings were stitched inside me .
even though the wardens had turned on me in the end , they still had been my clan and the closest thing i 'd ever had to a family .
the last thing i want to do is get tangled up in someones issues .
a flutter , flutter kind of thing .
i look back up at him , and he s doing that unfathomable staring thing again .
the only impressive thing about this apartment is the bookshelf in the living room .
the last thing i want right now is a silly crush on a guy when i ve barely got time to focus on both work and school .
i should be focusing on his injury , but the only thing i can sense is the fact that our knees are touching .
the only thing i want to see is you , and if i ca nt have that ... nothing else is even worth it .
right now , the only thing i can focus on is his finger as it slides softly down my mouth and chin .
i can tell he s embarrassed that corbin just called him out , but his modesty is just one more thing i find appealing about him .
he s doing that intimidating thing again that makes me naturally back away from him , but his table is behind me , and i ca nt go anywhere .
the first thing to move is his hand , away from my mouth .
i scoot back against my pillow and spend the next hour preparing notes for chapter three , but i have no idea how i manage to concentrate , because the only thing i can think about is the look that crossed miless face right before he closed the door .
the absolute last thing i want is for him to see me cry .
my only thing .
the only thing i remembered was her .
everything i felt the first time i held him in my arms is every single thing i m feeling now as i look down at her .
and the last thing she needed to be doing right now was mentally molesting the man .
she refused to examine why the thought of reaching him had been the only thing that had calmed her pulse since receiving the letter .
all she could do was stare at that brick , and the only thing that moved was her heart .
` ` it 's the only thing i have .
that was the only thing that pissed him off .
the last thing i needed was him touching me .
the thing called pride made it too hard to sit in that car and listen to what he had to say .
that i had taken words uttered in the moment of heat and passion as being the real thing .
eyes that i was sure debbie had stared into countless times and were quite possibly the last thing she 'd seen .
he was going to be the last thing i saw , just like debbie .
` ` that was n't the only thing , but it was a part of it .
that 's the thing about death that makes it useful .
he was the only thing i missed about this town .
when jax had left last night , he 'd wanted me to leave with him , so that he could drop my ` ` sweet ass '' off at a hotel that he actually offered to pay for , but i refused , figuring the last thing i needed was to owe someone money .
you do n't ever need to know about , but one thing ai n't changed , and that 's you , baby girl . ''
why did it feel like the weight of his hands on my shoulders was possibly the most pleasant thing i 'd ever felt ?
the only thing stopping me was that the mattress seemed relatively new , and there were no suspicious stains or smells radiating from it .
that was one thing about mom that never changed .
my cheek was n't the only thing all up on jax .
and it was one thing being dumb when it came to jax , but another when it came to getting myself hurt or worse .
all of us were on point , but we were n't worried , but that 's the thing about habits .
` ` um ... '' jax took my hand , tugging me inside , and the smell - god , the smell was the first thing i noticed as he shut the door behind us .
for one thing , his mouth was on mine again , and this kiss was much deeper .
the only thing i had going for me was that jax knew about the lies i 'd told .
the only thing that moved was my pounding heart .
` ` caring about her is not the same thing .
i grabbed at the one thing i seemed so fond of when he did this : his hair .
the second thing i noticed was that it was breathtaking .
if we have a lifetime or only a few moments together , you will be the most important thing that ever happens to me in this life .
the one thing i loved about blaire was that she did n't think the worst .
her big , wide , happy smile was the only thing that eased my mind .
the only thing we owned was the house my grandmother left us .
me dealing with interest in blaire was one thing ; her having interest in me was another .
the blonde was straddling a guitar , and the only thing keeping her private area covered were her hands gripping the guitar between her legs .
another thing i was n't used to with girls .
another thing about blythe : she made me feel important .
his heat was the only thing my body seemed to want right now .
having his hands on me was one thing , but seeing me was another .
` ` thing is , i know for a fact people can only see what you allow them to see .
this was the closest thing i had to sexy .
fans would love it , and every time i sang it , blythe 's face would be the only thing i saw .
i roared , slamming my fist into the wall and glaring at the woman standing between me and the only thing i wanted in the world .
` ` manda , how long did you say you 'd ... '' the trademark blond hair that belonged to none other than preston drake was the first thing i noticed .
the beautiful thing about using dewayne to satisfy my need was that the idea of him touching me and being inside me set my body on fire .
the only thing i could find any solace in was that there was a line with krit she would never cross .
the only thing that kept fandora from tossing me out with the trash was that i took care of krit .
that was another thing about riley : she always made me smile .
another thing i loved about him .
it was one more thing that jax stone had given me .
another beautiful thing about pregnancy was that she always felt swollen inside , too .
another new thing that bothered me .
i had n't had a real family before , so having people in my life who loved me was the most wonderful thing in the world .
that 's one thing kacey and i seem to have in common , though her phobia is on an entirely different level .
that 's the thing about living the way i have for four years .
the last thing i remembered was lying down in that gorgeous green satin gown .
bribery the first thing i saw was the clock on the bedside table .
the second thing was max 's giant snout , welcoming me with a rub against my cheek .
it was the only thing i was thankful for .
she and i shared one thing in common , at least .
beside the clock lay my stack of four by six photos of my friends that sofie had developed for me - the only thing i had to hold onto , now that my memories were infiltrated with demon - red eyes .
at least i had one thing in common with the colombian drug lord 's son .
max was rattled - such an uncommon thing that it sent shockwaves of panic through to my core .
if i had learned one thing over the last few months , it was to assume the worst and then expect the truth to be ten times bleaker .
the one thing i knew was that viggo and mortimer could not be around .
the last thing i saw was the trailing red leather of kait 's long jacket as she passed through the already shattered window .
the only odd thing about the entire space was the lack of windows .
this allegiance thing was unsettling .
the only thing i was at risk of now was losing precious time with caden .
the only thing i could be thankful for at this point was that it was late at night and therefore not as busy .
caden was the first thing on my mind when i came around .
` ` the compelling is one thing but this ... what the hell is going on , evie ? ''
i was suddenly falling into eternal darkness , my name on her lips the last thing i heard .
swearing is another thing he does n't do , which tells me that either the idea of me screwing around with his stepsister or his stepsister in general really gets under his skin .
the thing i love most about jack is that he has never assigned me to specific lawyers .
the only thing keeping me from howling with laughter right now is replaying the visual i have in my head of the moments before we actually attacked , when i was ready to turn and run , listening to that .
it 's funny , when we first stepped around the corner and into a wedding scene , the only thing that stopped me from wrapping my hands around his neck and choking him was knowing my hands would n't cover even half the span needed to succeed .
` ` that 's the thing about knowing someone since you were six years old .
that 's the thing i like about living in a house with five guys - there 's always someone around , always people coming and going .
the thing is , ben is n't capable of hurting a woman like that .
` ` well , for one thing , because she works full time .
the funny thing is , in the end all four of us were protecting her .
she 'll be sober , for one thing .
the last thing i wanted to do was follow in my mother 's footsteps , working my fingers to the bone and collapsing in bed from exhaustion every night .
that 's the thing about a town like sisters : everyone knows everyone .
he climbs into the shelby and cranks the engine , the sound of it coming to life a thing of sheer beauty .
that 's the thing with these old cars - they 're not stamped with their vin codes , so unless there 's some identifying marker on them , they 're as good as gone when a guy like viktor gets his hands on them .
that 's the thing about jesse .
it 's the most important thing in my life , and i ' m in danger of losing it because of you . ''
the dark and broody thing worked for him .
still , one thing i had never learned to deal with was living without- ` ` jax , '' i said , when the door opened and he stood in front of me .
there was nothing i would n't do for those moments when the only thing that mattered to her was being filled with my cock .
dr . travis was the closest thing to a father that he had and i knew how much cary loved him .
the only thing memorable about you is your husband and how it eats at him that i ' ve had you . ''
the only thing keeping me going was the belief that somehow we 'd work things out and be together .
aside from that and the family picture , the only thing we ' ve added is the scent of bleach in place of mothballs .
the last thing i am right now is tired .
` ` there 's no such thing as being happy for me . ''
in a hospital for p.t.s.d . , the thing he was insistent on curing me of .
that 's the thing about this place .
it was one thing when i was regretting him .
the last thing i want to hear are details about ashton 's dirty exploits .
` ` the thing about these damn beds ... '' i feel the force against my thigh muscles as ashton 's hands began to push my legs apart .
the only thing that i do want at princeton is standing silently , his arms crossed over his bare chest , as i spill my guts .
the only thing he insisted on is that i embrace ambiguity for a while , that i do n't dive into a choice for the sake of making one .
` ` irish , if there 's one thing i ' ve never been able to forget , it 's a single second with you . ''
the only thing both of us seem to agree on is that we want each other there every step of the way .
the last thing i want to see is a repeat .
i remember sitting there , shaking within his arms , inhaling the scent of his brut cologne - once comforting to me - and noting a few things : his reference to respect for himself , when i was the one who had been violated , and the word again .
that 's the thing with these girls .
it 's a thing of rare beauty , the way her body smoothly swung and dipped and contorted , teasing the men without the need to lie spread - eagled or with her ass in the air like an everyday stripper .
the last thing i want to be is a charity case for cain .
the first thing i see when i step through the already open door of this shitty apartment in this shitty building in this shitty neighborhood is a scrawny white guy in a stained tank top and ripped cargo pants , with a trickle of blood running down the side of his face .
the crunching sound of a piece of mirror glass missed in the cleanup is the only thing that warns me of charlie 's presence .
the only thing that makes it easier is ensuring that i ' m facing cain when i feel the cool air hit my skin and i toss the small scrap of sequinned material down .
the funny thing is , sam could deposit ten times that much into my account without feeling it financially .
but they all have one thing in common : their color .
the last thing i need is a face - off with a vengeful bob at a drop .
the only thing that could make this worse is ...
it 's the only thing keeping me from pissing my pants right now .
the last thing i want to be doing right now is going to a wedding .
that was the one thing he did not like about snow .
` ` ah , that 's one thing , '' he said , ` ` that is really nice about being rich . ''
the light of the torches had been the last thing he saw before he lost consciousness .
that was there , obviously , to be enjoyed again and again , but this was the thing she 'd never known with any other being on earth , this !
spirits were not the thing , now .
and you should look at the family trees where it gets all crisscrossed , like if i were to marry pierce for instance , with whom i share not only that great - great - grandmother , but also a great - grandfather , who also pops up ... damn , it 's the hardest thing to keep track of .
the thing about the tall man was this : he did not in any way appear hideous , as yuri had averred .
that was the thing about trust .
well , everything rested upon one thing .
as you can tell from this narrative , the one thing we had once shared with our barbarian neighbors was that we distrusted writing .
inevitably heads turned , but the marvelous thing about any restaurant crowd in new york was that table partners were twice as animated as anywhere else , and always so seriously focused on each other .
the thing about gestures like this was not to drop the lady in question .
and the last thing he saw , as he leaned against the back wall of the elevator , was those pretty cotton dresses , as the three of them fled up the stairs together .
my soul is still mine and the only thing a slave can truly possess .
if there was one thing tessa hated , it was being told that there were things she could n't understand .
` ` she is n't a fool , for one thing .
he had thought it might be me , but having had leisure to observe me , the only thing unusual about me was my foolishness . ''
for one thing , he thought modern american attitudes about nudity were amusing .
the only thing slowing her progress is her lack of a strong and loyal second .
maybe that was another thing i was getting numb to .
mustapha was that rare thing , a person who could keep his mouth shut .
there was n't a thing wrong with kenya , except for kevin 's mom she was the wrong color to be a girlfriend to kevin .
for one thing , i was excited about spending time with him now that we 'd smashed down a huge barrier .
the only thing that held him back was concern for her .
` ` for a long time , my desire for vengeance was the only thing i had in my life .
i ' m not sure i can be what you need when i ' m the only thing you ' ve got .
it 's a chant now , a mantra , the only thing i have left to hold on to .
your dreams is spillin ' over into my dreams , and if there 's one thing i ' ve never been doin ' with , it 's dates .
he could feel the star moving further and further away from him , at the speed of a cantering unicorn , and if there was one thing he did not have time for , it was the recitation of the adventures of his life to date .
` ` it was a peculiar thing , observed tristran as he climbed up into the driver 's seat , but the first time he had glanced into the interior of the coach he had fancied that he saw five pale gentlemen , all in grey , staring sadly out at him .
` ` just one thing you love about me .
and his gaze was n't the only thing heating her from the inside out .
the tilt of his head , his open and hopeful expression , was the most adorable thing she 'd seen since rodie was a pup .
` ` it 's just ... this thing i have .
she sounded sincerely concerned , which gave wes one more thing to love about her .
the first thing that caught her eye was her own address - or her soon to be previous address .
yet that was the thing about bullets - aside from ruining perfectly good couture , they hurt and could immobilize an immortal for precious seconds .
chapter six as soon as her mind registered the command , her body rushed to obey with a swift , fiery clenching that left her sagging against him , her grasp on his belt the only thing that kept her from falling - as he 'd anticipated .
in fact , his pain had been the only thing that had kept him from covering her in the courtyard and plunging into her as she writhed from her orgasm , her eyes firing silver with pleasure .
it was n't a question , but she answered , ` ` your bite was the only thing that saved you from a stiff legged kick at your groin . ''
` ` that 's the thing about being immortal .
besides hunting vampires , the hie was the only thing she lived for , and she needed to confirm transportation and secure supplies .
the one thing she felt pride in - the one thing in her life that she had left and could n't bear to lose - and he 'd noted its excellence .
yet that was the thing about regin .
he was doing that hesitant - stepping - forward thing again .
` ` yeah , bowe 's got that tortured , brooding thing going on .
he 'd been doing that tentative - step thing as he entered , but after his gaze raked her from head to toe , he strode forward as though pushed .
now that belief was the only thing he had .
the only thing that hindered kaderin 's happiness was missing sebastian .
regrettably , the only thing stronger than that was my need to have the very best .
conrad could see her ; her presence seemed to be the only thing that calmed his mind .
for one thing , he did n't need it to dull his rage as much as he had before .
if there was one thing neomi was learning about this lore , it was that assumptions were readily turned on their ears .
there were usually fans or big feathers - ` ` ` ` but that 's one thing people loved about you , '' mari said .
` ` pity is the last thing i ' m feeling for you , koeri . ''
31 the only thing sexier than a completely smitten male was a smitten male who 'd never been with a woman .
the last thing conrad had tasted before he 'd left had been neomi 's sweet lips .
sebastian raised his brows and said , ` ` the ghost thing again , '' just as murdoch muttered , ` ` con 's thoroughly lost it . ''
the only thing different about that encounter was that she 'd grown more aggressive and even stronger .
` ` you keep watching me like this , and my leg 's not going to be the only thing aching . ''
at least he was right about one thing .
the only thing he seemed discomfited about was being injured .
so far , in the lore , the only thing certain was that nothing was ever certain .
now , there 's not a damn thing wrong with that white bronco - ` ` ` ` oh , please , '' she snapped .
the strangest thing about sex - she did n't have any bizarre quirks with it .
rational was the last thing he felt .
rydstrom struggled to recall a single thing he 'd change about sabine physically .
he did that silent challenge thing with his eyes , then said , ` ` morally you 're not .
he did that steady eye - challenge thing , but he did n't deny it .
for one thing , her plan was foiled .
the only thing that got me through my own rage was vowing revenge .
for one thing , he 'd insisted she learn how to swim , teaching her in his luxurious pool .
one thing he 'd learned about the lore was that nothing made sense to him .
the only thing getting her through this ordeal was the belief that murdoch would regret what he 'd done .
the first thing it needed was ... ice .
sebastian said , ` ` the ghost thing again , '' just as murdoch muttered , ` ` con 's thoroughly lost it . ''
the only thing that broke up this prison monotony was studying their curious fel ow inmate , trying to pinpoint what species he belonged to .
` ` you see , that 's the thing with you detrus , '' chase began in a contemplative tone .
` ` one thing you all have in common ?
that was the thing about magnets - they did n't get to choose what they were attracted to .
brandr still carried regin - the sole thing declan wanted .
` ` name one thing about him that 's not perfect ! ''
my gram told me there 's one thing a man always forgets to do whenever he bungles something - simply say he 's sorry .
` ` for one thing , valkyrie do n't flee .
the only thing they liked more was the taste of fear .
art was n't the only thing missing , and she scanned the lot for the absent i.s .
` ` the last thing i need is ivy coming home and finding fire trucks at the curb .
it 's a sad thing , to feel only what comes your way .
his smile was the only thing keeping her from storming out of here .
the last thing i needed was the i.s .
` ` al is the only thing between me and newt , or worse !
the thing was , they never seemed to fall completely .
` ` the thing about demons is they can say no , and i do n't like you . ''
` ` especially now that you ' ve lost the one thing you had going for you , your anonymity .
he was taking bowls out of an adjacent cupboard , but hungry was the last thing i was .
i was n't used to having this much vanguard on my runs , but there was no such thing as being too careful when it came to black magic and hapa .
i had n't accessed the collective since taking off the bracelet , and the last thing i needed was to do it wrong and attract attention .
it 's this hapa thing .
the thing was , he probably knew it and would n't get that close - unless i made it irresistible .
the couch i was drowning in was about the only thing left from his original furnishings .
the last thing i want is you embarrassing me . ''
technically speaking , lucy and ray did n't share a drop of common blood , and the only thing that linked them were their perfect , uncropped , and somewhat pointy ears .
i did n't have any evidence , and one thing i ' ve learned is no one acts on what i believe , only what i can prove . ''
like the shocking snap of a rubber band breaking , the parking lot and my car vanished ; trent 's aghast face was the last thing that i saw , ray 's startled cry the last thing i heard .
like the shocking snap of a rubber band breaking , the parking lot and my car vanished ; trent 's aghast face was the last thing that i saw , ray 's startled cry the last thing i heard .
ceri and lucy will be the last thing on his mind if the entire collective is after him .
he looked like a scottish lord from a romance novel , the bushy sideburns and thick blocky muscles not doing a thing for me , but as my scrabbling hand found the doorknob , he muttered an oath .
i shouted , the last thing i saw before the line took me completely being belle 's and jenks 's shocked expressions as i vanished from my kitchen .
the chance to be included in something professional where my opinion was wanted was a unique and cherished thing .
one thing i knew was one hundred percent sure was that he was right .
money drives the world , but when everything falls apart to leave the underpinnings of our life bare to the scrutiny of critics and thieves , the only thing remaining , the only thing that ca n't be taken away , is the love you hold for the people you care about . ''
money drives the world , but when everything falls apart to leave the underpinnings of our life bare to the scrutiny of critics and thieves , the only thing remaining , the only thing that ca n't be taken away , is the love you hold for the people you care about . ''
her eyes were alight , and the only thing that kept me from taking it back was that it was love for her daughter .
` ` i think you are the only thing keeping me from going insane sometimes .
he was right about one thing : showing fear always brought out the worst in vampires , living or dead .
his tone was amused , but the sad thing was , i was tempted .
` ` one thing an elf hates more than giving something for nothing is when a plan falls apart - and it 's falling apart .
if there was one thing demons understood , it was rules .
but she was watching the stage as nina exclaimed , ` ` if there 's one thing the living have learned , it 's that what you want most will kill you .
it was a frightening thing to have the love of someone so determined , resolute , and unafraid of committing a great wrong for his personal right .
` ` the thing about a collective curse is that it can be broken if the person orchestrating it is , ah ... '' trent 's voice trailed off as he searched for a word .
the slight difference was the only thing keeping me here and not stealing one of trent 's faster cars , bad leg or no .
the only thing they had in common was their wings , and perhaps that was why he was so proud of the glittering white feathers cushioned by plush , amber down .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned throughout the years , it 's that what you believe is the impetus for your entire life . ''
right now , the only thing he wanted from her was distance .
but the best thing about him , besides that devastating beauty ?
only thing that was n't sweet about her - besides her demeanor - was her body .
the thing he liked about her , though , was that a man never had to wonder where he stood with her .
each of his partners had had one thing in common .
only thing she truly remembered about last night was the fact that he 'd kissed her and left her .
he was as new to this mate business as she was , and commitment was the scariest thing on the planet .
best thing about these darts , though , was that they did n't cause bloodshed .
distraction was the only thing that helped .
she even managed to calm him somewhat as she licked him , that adoration like a living thing in her gaze .
only thing he did n't like was the fact that she was n't actually ready for the change .
time was the only thing i did n't have .
i studied my cuticles again , waiting , my breath suspended , the casual pretense the only thing keeping me from gaping .
the only thing that bothered me about the situation was how cliched it was .
the only thing that gave me away was my blank , unmoving expression , but i doubted professor sex and his apprentices would notice .
the only thing that had stopped him was the thought that he 'd just break it again and cause a bigger bump .
the only thing consistent about him was that he refused to answer any of her questions .
humor , like choice , was another thing that had been denied her , she realized .
funny thing was , she could snap a man 's neck with a simple twist of her wrist .
but hope was a silly thing , just as she 'd always known , and she did n't want to completely destroy the dream that maybe , one day , she and jaxon could be together again .
and without his friends , his job would be the next thing to go .
one thing she knew about men .
` ` another thing we have in common .
variety was the only thing that kept him sane , the only thing that kept the pain of his palace days , of being denied everything , beaten to the back of his mind .
one thing devyn knew about those in power : they kept secrets .
and one thing devyn knew about men : they liked to have sex .
` ` you confuse , fascinate , irritate , and delight me , '' he said , ` ` and i swear to god the only thing i was thinking about while tasting and touching you was you . ''
it was the only thing that relaxed him .
freedom was the only thing that mattered .
maybe hector had absorbed every last drop , because damn , his chest was doing that aching thing again .
the rest spilled from her , her resentment no longer a living thing but sharper tonight because of the man beside her .
one thing she 'd learned during her incarceration was that she could rely only on herself .
the creatures came in all shapes and sizes , all colors , both sexes - and maybe something in between - but they had one thing in common : they always came for her .
he knew it was , for the lies others told always tasted bitter on his tongue , and just then the only thing he tasted was ... the sweetness of her scent ?
the only thing different about him was his wings .
time was the only thing zacharel did n't have .
first thing she noticed was the fact that he was a slob .
the first thing he noticed was the demon carcass in pieces on the ground .
that was the thing with the harpies .
that was just a guess on her part , but one thing she knew : demons were incapable of telling the truth .
perhaps there was such a thing as too ferocious .
to him , it was the only thing that was n't , and for once , she was going to use it to her advantage .
feeling love is one thing .
all demons , no matter their rank , were susceptible to one thing .
she had given him the thing he 'd thought he valued most - his soul - but he had not known until he 'd watched her curl into a ball that he valued her more .
he and violence were in agreement about one thing - enemies needed to die up close and personal .
how long since she 'd known such a thing , untainted by conversation ?
the image of her pale , lovely face flashed in his mind over and over again , becoming the only thing he saw .
pain was the only thing that satisfied him , the only thing that made him feel alive .
pain was the only thing that satisfied him , the only thing that made him feel alive .
okay , so this place did have a few things in its favor .
she doubted it , but hope was a silly thing .
but one thing we all have in common is a will to live .
the first thing she noticed was danika and her family , passed out on the floor .
one thing she knew with clarity , though , was that life without maddox would be intolerable .
` ` the thing about legends , '' she said flatly , ` ` is that the truth is often distorted to explain the things that mortals can not understand .
in his glory days , when he stole whatever he wanted from whichever god he happened to want it from - it 's the one thing i ever admired about him - he would hide them until the heat died down by using vision - symbols as treasure maps .
his smile of satisfaction was the last thing anya saw before her entire world went black .
last thing she 'd eaten had been a bologna sandwich before bed last night .
besides her family , those lessons were the only thing danika lived for anymore .
first thing he noticed was that morning sunlight seeped past the black curtains , painting hazy yellow dots everywhere he looked .
he was the only thing she wanted and everything she should n't have .
one thing he and cronus shared was a common enemy .
sometimes he thought the desire was the only thing that kept him sane as he wiled away century after century in this hellhole .
that was the only thing that scared her .
first thing he noticed upon entering was the food littering the floor .
chapter eight first thing bianka did after bathing , dressing , eating a bag of stolen chips she had hidden in her kitchen , painting her nails , listening to her ipod for half an hour and taking a nap in her secret basement was call kaia .
doing what felt good was the only thing that drove her .
` ` the most important thing tomorrow is that we 'll be together .
one thing his deity had taught him , however , was that love truly could conquer all .
she 'd already told herself she could not risk it , but hope was a silly thing and refused to leave her .
sometimes he thought the desire was the only thing that kept him sane as he whiled away century after century in this hellhole .
with hunters - mortals who 'd decided he and his fellow lords of the underworld made good whipping boys for the world 's evil - victory was the only thing that mattered .
with a demon like doubt , that determination was probably the only thing that kept him sane .
` ` you 're the only thing i can think about anymore .
one thing she 'd noticed about him , he placed his friends above his own welfare .
first thing he noticed was the broken and bleeding form strapped to a gurney .
he spoke gently , but rage was pouring through him , consuming him , becoming the only thing he knew .
actually , the only thing that was n't delicate about her was her voice .
stars winked over her eyes , suddenly the only thing she could see .
` ` for one thing , i know where other demon - possessed immortals are located . ''
her eerie , smiling face was the last thing strider saw before he and the others found themselves transported to another location , a jungle - hunters suddenly surrounding them .
distrust , the only thing left of baden , was now in enemy hands .
her wit had been the only thing to keep him sane .
when he had strode into his fortress 's dungeon and she 'd seen his beautiful face , the only thing she 'd truly felt at the time was awe .
if there was one thing he enjoyed more than this time alone , it was teasing his friends .
steel 's watery gaze drank her in greedily , as if he were memorizing every little thing about her .
fear was sometimes the only thing that kept those hunters at bay .
only thing that stopped him from withdrawing the thing that very second was the possibility that the hunters following him did n't know he had it .
only thing she knew for sure was that she was going to find him , and she was going to use him , as wrath had suggested .
and now her shrieks were trapped inside amun , her terrified expression the only thing he could see .
joy was n't his favorite thing .
first thing strider noticed was the air .
a better question : how could a demon - possessed warrior be the one thing she craved ?
the one thing she did n't think she could live without ?
for the first few years of a new life , that hate is the only thing that drives me . ''
the vow was the last thing she heard from him .
unfortunately , willy was also the only person who could actually spot sienna , being as how sienna was dead and he had that whole i - see - dead - people thing going on .
reverence was one thing .
seduction was the only thing easy for him .
` ` the only thing going down will be you . ''
her eyes narrowed to tiny slits , his beautiful face the only thing in sight .
kaia , a strong , capable harpy , had surrendered to them , utterly and completely , giving them every thing , all that she was , and the unending pleasure that knowledge had wrought in him had given way to shocking strength .
blisters were n't the only thing coloring his face now .
but the funny thing was , once you welcomed in a breeze , there was no stopping what came next .
first thing to register was dark hair curtaining a face hidden by shadows .
hope would then fill him with an urge to do just that , to take , the need becoming a living thing inside him , every ounce of his being certain he would succeed - but somehow always falling short of victory .
he hugged her with unyielding strength , their love a tangible thing .
one thing he 'd learned while whiling away the centuries inside tartarus : a king without a firm hand was a king without a throne .
only thing going for him right now was the fact that sex was either asleep or hiding , and thankfully had no opinion .
but the worst thing about him ?
her gaze , the only thing she could currently move , swept around to find ... yes , kane 's bedroom .
his determined face was the last thing she saw .
the last thing he saw before a heavy weight tugged at his eyelids was vika , her hair wild , her eyes glittering with a strange sort of madness .
but one thing every creature had in common , he realized as they converged on the cage : a hunger for prey .
now that he 'd decided to have her , adorable was no longer such a terrible thing .
this hearing thing ?
but one thing you have failed to learn is that it never hurts to have backup . ''
` ` one thing has never changed , mr . blue .
he nodded stiffly - and that was n't the only stiff thing about him .
the closest thing to an imperfection he had was the thin trail of dark hair traveling from his navel to the waist of his loincloth - and that was n't an imperfection so much as a roadway to heaven .
the best thing about her robe , she decided then , was the ease of donning it .
that part never got easy - it was a guy thing .
he could use that very thing against sunny .
the last thing he heard was thrastikas 's wicked cackling .
the nice thing about having power over the four elements was that i had a smorgasbord of choices when it came to torture .
and speaking of rome , how was i going to remind him of why he loved me , even if i was glued to his side , when i suddenly could n't think of a single redeemable thing about me ?
those steroid muscles , though ... someone should have told him there was such a thing as too much .
the only thing that saved me from a complete , full - body flash was the white foam .
the only thing menacing about her was her outfit .
we were crazy in lust with each other , and sex seemed to be the only thing we concentrated on when we were together .
i had a feeling the tequila still flowing through my blood was the only thing that kept me from shooting actual flames .
` ` you were the only thing that kept me going , '' he said softly .
that knowledge is the only thing that helps me step onto the ledge .
we are with eric , for one thing , and for another , the dauntless have different rules - rules that brutality does not violate .
i know that i lost , and the only thing keeping the pain at bay is what is making it difficult to think straight .
his eyes are the last thing i see .
` ` intentions are the only thing they care about .
i do n't know if the amity pick up on that kind of thing , but no one says anything .
and now that her hair has grown in somewhat , and her baldness is n't the first thing i see , i also notice her delicate nose , her full lips - she is striking without trying to be .
` ` same thing as before , but this time , she wants to make sure that everyone is either under its influence or dead . ''
it 's probably the only thing they have in common .
one thing about being a tattoo artist in dauntless is ... you know pretty much everyone . ''
on the other hand , one thing candor knows that dauntless does not is how not to get carried away .
it is faint here , but once this is done , all the dauntless will storm down the stairs and leave the merciless mart behind , and wet pavement will be the only thing i smell .
the only thing that distinguishes one hallway from another , here , is their length .
she may be dauntless now , but if there 's one thing i ' ve learned through all this , it 's that we never leave our old factions behind .
for one thing , uriah knew his friends better than i did .
they are the last thing i see of him before i have to turn and set out at a trot for the train .
by the light of the flashlights i can just make out the tattoo of a hawk on the back of her neck , the first thing i spoke to her about when she administered my aptitude test .
` ` it 's the only thing i am .
` ` attending our meetings , for one thing , '' he says , ` ` and learning the ins and outs of our compound - how we function , from top to bottom , our history , our values , and so on .
` ` if there 's one thing i ' m good at , it 's aiming .
it 's a strange thing to feel my instincts and dauntless training kick in .
the only thing more awkward than his vacuum - suction oral skills was being woken by his mother bringing him tea and cheerios - without knocking - at six in the morning .
i close my eyes , giving in to the semi - drunk sensation i get when i ' m this close to him , and he 's the only thing i can sense in the room .
` ` no , '' he said flatly , and the only thing charming about him was the way his accent seemed to run through every vowel with one syllable .
it just feels like it 's the only thing holding me together .
the last thing he needs is for me to unload how my business is ending just as his is taking off .
as expected , harlow gave me epic amounts of shit , and did what i ' ve come to know as her thing : cracking jokes and using sarcasm to make light of the situation .
and this is terrifying , because if there 's one thing i know about my heart , it 's that it is n't fickle .
but the only thing i care about is the way she grips me from the inside out , how her skin looks in the moonlight and the tiny sounds that escape her mouth with every thrust .
she did look beautiful , but harlow 's beauty is n't the only thing that knocks me sideways .
this had to be the second best thing about being stateside - access to such amazing craft beers .
now , talking was the very last thing on his mind .
marx 's voice was the last thing ryker needed to hear right now .
her sister 's big brown eyes - the only thing she and rachel had in common - glassed over with tears .
the only thing that kept dragging her back to her feet was the thought of how often her mother must have felt just like grace did now while she 'd been raising her alone , working two jobs .
but the funny thing is , it 's my life .
except for one thing - my clothing .
really , the only thing i had going for me was my boobs , which i was rather proud of .
the only thing that made my misery somewhat bearable was that kip was worse off than me .
the only thing that stopped me was knowing that if i did , i 'd be removed from the game and his ass would still be here , tormenting annabelle .
the only thing keeping my libido in check is how not thrilled annabelle looked to be my partner .
that was the thing about filming reality tv .
just another thing i liked about him .
i guess being the nice guy is not the worst thing in the world .
his beautiful green eyes did that thing again , where they urged me to confess .
the most interesting thing about the place was the pool table that sat where a dining table would normally go .
the absolute last thing i needed was for the people at her school to start making phone calls about her being too thin .
the first thing i noticed was her eyes .
the girl wore a tiara with a small veil , which was the main thing tipping me off that she was the bride - to - be .
chapter twenty - one aubrey one thing i loved about working at the bar was being in a child - free zone .
i ' ve been waiting for a sign to tell me how to fully live my life , how to give myself completely to something greater than myself , and the only thing i can think about is you . ''
because if there was one thing i liked more than tasty , powerful mortals ( and playing with them like a cat plays with a mouse ) , it was a challenge .
sorry , buddy , but in my sixty - five thousand years , one thing i ' ve learned is how to fight .
there 's a little thing called stubbornness , and narmer - errr - roberto was the king .
if there was one thing vampires were good at , it was making money .
the only thing keeping this girl safe was that they did n't know she existed .
i remembered that the first thing about connecting with people was getting them to remember your full name .
you have this whole tanned european , nba , gladiator , je - ne - sais - pas , man - fusion thing going .
he knew his attitude might anger her further , but there was only one thing she hated more than impertinence : cowardice .
it was normally her favorite thing about living in the lax beach town of santa cruz .
that only meant one thing : he was more dangerous .
the last thing he recalled was being in the swimming pool with penelope , of touching her plump , firm br**sts , and of being on the verge of spilling himself in her eagerly pumping hand .
the only thing in my destiny was finding my mother then having a long , hot bath , eating a box of doughnut holes , and having a chick flick marathon .
the funny thing about finding out the world is really , truly going to end is that your priorities suddenly shift in ways you would n't expect .
the only thing we knew was that there were approximately two hundred humans - payals we assumed - coming our way .
` ` the only thing that really keeps me going is that in between the accidents , i really do save lives . ''
the only thing to gaze upon was his bleak soul and the reflection of her own turquoise eyes .
once word got out , the army took it to heart ; they believe their laws are the only thing keeping them from turning into savages . ''
no matter how absurd the situation , the one thing he knew , the only thing he knew , was that he needed to find her .
she had no clue , but one thing she knew for certain was that she could n't wait to see him again .
and the most arousing thing of all was how he took control .
she took care of herself and her cafe , the only thing she had left of her parents , and she liked it that way .
god , this not being able to see him thing was getting on her nerves .
the only thing he knew in this moment was that he was grateful as hell she was still alive and that her death had drastically changed something deep within him .
the only thing that would make this moment more spectacular would be if she could see him .
he raised the weapon into the air , and in that moment , knowing she was about to die , or at the very least lose her ` ` juicy little legs , '' the only thing she wanted was maax .
` ` because the only thing i can think about is kissing you .
the only thing missing from this moment was being able to look into his eyes .
some might think me callous and uncaring , but at a time like this , checking work email was the only thing helping me hold the line .
so yeah , maybe i was in denial or being heartless , but keeping my mind from wandering was the only thing preventing me from falling to my knees , helplessly weeping for justin .
time ... it had been the one thing i 'd watch slip through my fingers since i agreed to this arrangement .
the only thing missing was a glass of wine .
it was the only thing that truly kept me safe : king 's ferocious might and his ability to protect what was his from those animals .
weakness would get you killed , and the only thing these people respected was power .
it was the strange thing about 10 club ; they were a secret society of some of the most influential , wealthy , and cut - throat people .
the only thing i knew for certain was that king was a complex creature , motivated by his suffering , driven toward one final goal , though i did n't know what that was .
and the last thing mom needs is to have both kids disappear . ''
well , if i took away any one thing from these last few hours , it was that judging others before you ' ve taken the time to fully understand their circumstances only made you an arrogant bastard .
that was the funny thing about being crammed in a closet on a plane to face a fate worse than death ; it gives you time to reflect .
and normal is one thing we never were .
the grown up thing .
the beautiful thing about eli is that he did n't immediately chastise me like riley had .
the obnoxious thing was he knew he got to me .
` ` well , if there 's one thing i know about you , maysie , is that the more screwed up the situation , the harder it is for you to resist it .
if there was one thing i had come to learn since joining chi delta , was these girls took their parties seriously .
the first thing about music is you ca n't think too much about it .
but the last thing i wanted was small talk or my friend 's efforts to make me less miserable .
because you have become the most important thing in my life , '' he said , his voice husky with emotion .
hmm , i guess there was such thing as karma after all .
it was hard to stay bitter toward someone who had lost the one thing she had wanted most .
the thing about gracie is she played the part of the ditzy blonde but in reality she was one of the smartest people i knew .
because doing well in school was one thing i still had going for me .
14 walking into the icu , the first thing i was acutely aware of was the smell .
the thing about family is that push come to shove , they had your back .
and the only thing that mattered was each other .
because the first thing i saw was my brother and sister huddled together , their faces red from crying .
my mother followed me out to the waiting room and the first thing my eyes were drawn to was garrett , looking at pictures on my sister 's phone .
19 of course the first thing i see when i pulled up at the newspaper was garrett .
the one thing you could never accuse me of is not having the best interests of the band at heart .
the last thing they want is to be sidelined by your drama .
the last thing i needed in my general state of suckitude , was to try and make conversation with anyone .
the last thing i really wanted to talk about on a date was my job .
but it was the only thing that truly connected us .
the only thing left was an extra drum kit , an ancient half stack and a few mic stands .
i leaned down and kissed the top of her head , closing my eyes as i wrapped my arms around the woman i loved with every damn thing inside of me .
i had a million and one other things going on in my life but the only thing i could think about was him .
clay always seemed happy to see me and so it had become our thing .
the thing i had always liked about melissa 's parties was that they were usually small and relatively controlled with no more than eighty or so people .
the chemical imbalance in my brain is one thing , but the crazy behavior extremes are something else entirely .
the funny thing about parental disapproval ; it made me want to be with clay all the more .
you are the only thing i need . ''
the thing was , i was petrified that the bad was starting to outweigh the good .
last thing i needed was for mr . kane to call my parents because i could n't keep my hands off of my boyfriend at school .
if there was one thing this little pow - wow accomplished , was making a decision about clay crystal f**king clear .
your thoughts , the way you feel , every single thing about you , means everything to me .
last thing i needed was for rachel to see me at half - mast as i ran from her house .
if there was one thing about mags , it was that she was unwaveringly consistent .
now i was stuck with a woman who wore my mom 's face but had changed every other thing about herself .
i urged , pushing him in the back as louis slung an arm around his shoulders in a guy half hug thing that always seemed strange to me .
that was the thing about danny .
but the truth is , i ' ve never felt that thing with kylie .
but witnessing the slow deterioration of your best friend was a hard thing to stomach .
that was the thing about this place .
even though things had gotten ugly between us , my love for her was the one pure thing in my life .
she was the last thing i thought about before i went to sleep and the first thing my mind went to when i woke up .
but the cool thing about him was that he understood when he needed to back the hell off .
the thing about the shadows is that they 're not all darkness .
the only thing i did know was that i could n't live my life knowing that she was unhappy .
that was the cool thing about her , she had enough of her own darkness to know when to leave me alone with mine .
it was just hard to talk about a future without the one thing i wanted most .
one thing i had always respected about daniel lowe was the fact that he told things like they were .
but the last thing i wanted was to acknowledge what had happened to maggie 's best friend and the leader of the anti - clay club .
the f**ked up thing was i missed the mania .
if there was such a thing as happily ever after , those two had found it .
the one thing i wanted most was gone .
it was the only thing i could give her .
it kil ed me to all ow melanie to go with that creep , but the last thing i wanted to do was cause trouble for her .
the last thing i wanted was time away from him .
to let them take away the one thing that mattered to me ?
i wished she was right , but the only thing i felt was regret .
i had promised myself i would never become this person , someone who would steal away the same thing that had been taken from me .
i tried to hold onto that knowledge ; it was the only thing i 'd ever have .
it was the only thing i had . ''
we had each other , and that was the only thing that mattered .
i could n't wait to get back to his apartment , knowing the only thing better than fal ing asleep in daniel 's arms was going to be waking up in them .
the only thing these last two months have accomplished is making him tighten his hold on you .
i 'd known it the moment i had felt his pul , just as i 'd known that very thing when i felt daniel so many years before .
the only thing missing is my stepmother , marcie , eating my food ( lies ! )
if there 's one thing marcie likes more than being our family 's judge , jury , and cruise director , it 's keeping tabs on the neighbors .
the first thing i find is a shopping bag full of clothes with the security tags still attached ; some of them have rips down the side as though someone had tugged too hard while trying to remove them .
` ` he 's got this thing about people touching his stuff . ''
` ` well , you could be dead dead , for one thing .
another part of me held onto it because it was the only thing she 'd left me with .
would he try to take from me the only thing that mattered ?
the only thing i hated worse was his reaction when he actually saw troy and me together , the cloud that would gather over him , that cloud that crowded out his warmth .
i knew then that having her was the only thing that could ever right it .
i loved you ... you were the only thing i ever wanted . ''
the only thing that mattered was maggie .
but right then , the only thing i knew was i really wanted to hug this girl .
i quickly changed the subject because my parents were the last thing i wanted to talk about .
but the last thing i wanted was her to see inside of me .
when i closed my eyes , they were the only thing i saw .
he was the first thing on my mind , and just the name made me smile .
i 'd whispered a regretful ` ` good morning , '' knowing i had to get my shit together because there was not one single thing kosher about the way i was looking at her .
i knew i should feel relieved , grateful , but the only thing i felt was the anxiety that had ramped up during the day .
i could n't be closed in here with her , with her scent and her smile and everything that was aly that had become the only thing in this world that i wanted .
the thing that twisted me all up was aly looking as if she felt the same , like she was dying to bury those fingers in my skin .
but now that she was just a few months from turning fourteen , the only thing she felt like was a stupid little girl .
but the entire time , the only thing i could think about was you in the other room .
how the only thing in this world i want is you .
innocent and sweet , and still the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
the part that knew the only thing that mattered was aly .
the one thing i could never really have .
like he somehow did n't know how perfect she was , this girl that was the only good thing i knew .
like you were the only thing that mattered in that room ?
` ` god ... he was just the cutest little thing , aly .
the only thing i knew was i could no longer stay away .
her hair was all a mess , billowing out around that face that had become the only thing i could see .
it 's the only thing i felt until the day you found me in that bar and invited me into this apartment and i came face - to - face with her .
so many nights had been spent praying and begging in the dark for him to return , drawing his face again and again in the pages of my sketch pads , those images that came to life in them the only thing i had left of him .
a lot of shit had changed since i left , but one thing definitely remained the same .
because it was her hand that soothed me , her heart the only thing that had ever calmed the rage that would forever simmer within my soul .
` ` anywhere i am , that 's where you 're supposed to be , '' she said , resolute and without question , like it was the only thing that mattered .
all the forgiveness and love and relief she 'd poured out over me had been far too much when it 'd been the last thing i wanted .
the thing that pissed me off the most was there was no self - satisfaction , nothing smug about what was playing out on my face .
because when he fled from my parents ' house , it was the only thing i could see .
one thing i definitely knew was that body .
last thing i need is to drag your ass out of here after you incite a brawl . ''
i should have turned it up ... the last thing i need to hear are the words mom , dad , and bed in the same sentence . ''
` ` you 're the only thing i have . ''
the only thing that mattered was the hurt written all over aly 's face .
he wanted to take from me the one good thing i 'd ever been given .
the only thing i cared about was her .
the only thing i knew was this hurt was worse than any physical blow that had ever been inflicted .
the only thing that seemed amiss was the blankets from her normal y neat bed were strewn on the floor .
the only thing that kept me from running and sweeping lizzie into my arms was elizabeth .
honestly , the last thing i felt like doing was eating , but i asked for first thing i saw when i glanced at the menu .
the only thing i 'd ever wanted from christian was his love , his commitment , but never his money .
it was just another thing that only time would prove .
scott was my friend , and i smiled at him in a way to indicate that was the only thing he was .
the only thing i did know was i wanted him here with lizzie , with me - that i could n't bear to watch him walk away , that i needed him to stay - that i wished i did n't fear that need so much .
the only thing he had n't accounted for was the money i 'd socked away for lizzie before i 'd even known her name .
i 'd see what was in the expression she 'd worn as she had gazed out at me from her kitchen window on sunday afternoon , the same thing that i had felt in her touch when she 'd knelt before me and begged me to look at her , one i 'd recognized but had been unable to respond to .
the only thing that mattered right then was the shaking little girl in my arms .
those precious moments with her were the only thing in this lonely life that i cherished .
every time i witnessed the worry lining his face , it brought it all rushing back , and the only thing i wanted was to block it all out .
because a life with him was the only thing i wanted .
the only thing a mother ever wants is for her children to be happy .
i just gave elizabeth time , because that was the only thing i had to give .
knowing lizzie would be coming home had been the only thing that had finally forced me out of bed .
the only thing i knew was i could n't let her go .
but the one thing i do know is the two of you belong together .
if there was one thing i hated in this world more than anything , it was people using their talents or skills or , worse , knowledge , to make other people feel small .
` ` one thing you 'll learn pretty fast is not to refuse david when he wants to spend money on you . ''
` ` yeah , he does have that freaky old - world charm thing .
and if i am good at only one thing , ara , it 's deduction ; i think i ' ve known for a while now that your mom died .
i have this thing for blood ; ca n't get enough of it . ''
he did that pause thing he was becoming famous for ; i assumed he was weighing up all the different answers he could give against the ones he would give to keep me out of his world .
he 's always been a constant thing in my life .
that was the hardest thing about moving ; how different things smelled - like the towels and my shirts as i pulled them over my head .
in so many ways , every guy i met , every smile that made my heart flutter , had been measured up to mike 's ; it was always the first thing i noticed about a guy , always the deal breaker .
` ` the only thing fictional about vampires is the possibility of one falling for a human . ''
` ` this- '' he nodded to my bra , ` ` -is just another thing that makes you so damn sweet and cute .
at least there was one good thing about having a mind - reading vampire boyfriend - i 'd had plenty of practice at emptying my thoughts and focusing on nothing .
the funny thing about breaking down is that you ca n't choose when to do it - it just hits you like a storm ; a flash of heat , an overpowering surge of anger , and then - the pouring rain .
the only thing present in my heart was that warm feeling i had in mike 's arms last night , which suddenly burned into a flaming heat .
the last thing i wanted was to go downstairs and have breakfast with mike .
and that 's the thing about love , really , is n't it ?
for one moment i just needed to sit ; just to exist in the space where music was the centre of my world ; where the only thing that mattered was the notes , the keys , and me .
he nodded solemnly as he placed my heart into his pocket , and then , like so many times before , without a word , without a smile , the darkness was the only thing i saw in his place .
the only thing i knew i felt was the warm , mucky feeling of something sticky under my head and all over the side of my neck .
it was the little things i missed the most , like a smile or colour or twisting my ring around on my finger - my ruby rose .
` ` her body is the only thing left of her . ''
` ` why wo n't you just love me enough to think i ' m the only thing that matters ?
but i know he 's just feelin ' it pretty deep - this whole being apart thing .
` ` and that fact was the only thing that rendered drake compliant when vampirie stripped him of his title as king . ''
on the bright side , at least mike and arthur shared one thing in common , for once ; they both wanted to flatten jason .
` ` i do n't know what you said to him yesterday , ara , but one thing i do know is that what you saw tonight was n't anger , it was heartbreak . ''
` ` that 's the good thing about never dying , i guess . ''
i could n't give him the one thing he deserved - life .
since the king took his place on the throne , so many things had changed around here , including our secret meeting place under the throne room floor .
but my new vampire vision had n't enhanced my ability to read in the dark , which was another thing that 'd changed since david returned from the dead : minutes .
and with all the pain i 'd suffered these passing years , the last thing i needed was to feel buried as well .
` ` i ' ve watched you with arthur , with mike , even with david , and one thing i can say that 's consistent about you , girl , is you tend to believe whatever whoever you 're talking to at the time says . ''
i looked back at her , but the only thing beside me now was the peacefully sleeping man sprawled out like a starfish , taking up way more than his fair share of the bed .
but you do love him , and that 's what counts in the end , ara , because after a hundred years with one person , that 's the only thing that keeps you together .
the only thing i felt was the roiling cloud of fear in my gut , swirling and thickening at the taste of his breath , sparking the memory of his smooth lips .
but my favourite thing about this place was that , in the morning , the soft scent of fresh bread , toasted slowly over an open flame , would accompany the rich aroma of italian roast , drawing me gently awake the closer i got .
` ` it 's an acclimation thing , '' jase said , appearing on my left .
` ` well , that 's the shitty thing about mistakes , is n't it , falcon ? ''
i did lie and say jason might have a toxic potion that could kill an original , and that was the only thing that kept them in their seats when they realised david could n't .
the only thing i hated was the horrid gold heel they 'd put me in to account for both david 's height and the length of the dress .
i was n't sure anymore what tomorrow would bring , or if i 'd ever talk to him again the way we had on the stairs just now , but one thing i did know was that his absence from my life would no longer make or break me .
it 's probably the only thing keeping me out of jail .
she 's a girl , for one thing , and she wrote asshole on my dashboard .
the message he left is the one thing making me feel like this plan could work - kidnapping ourselves , demanding shit until something changes .
and the best thing about being in a shower together is no one has to say anything .
for one thing , it 's real .
i think the number one thing to remember about my dad is that no matter the ailment , he will suggest working as a possible cure .
the thing you do n't see while you 're still there on earth is how easy it is to change your mind .
this was dad 's new thing since mom left - creatively visualizing everything from making dinner to the weekly grocery shopping .
but again - that was the thing about charlie .
justin and kristina have been doing this dating thing since mid - sophomore year , so the people - being - overly - nice - to - justin thing extends to her .
justin and kristina have been doing this dating thing since mid - sophomore year , so the people - being - overly - nice - to - justin thing extends to her .
the only good thing about this conversation is that friday is pizza night and i get to eat slices of white pizza with broccoli and garlic and drink a birch beer while i listen .
moms who watch their kids play hockey , for one thing . ''
when i walk in the front door at home , the first thing i notice is the silence .
the nice thing about the passengers is they ca n't say anything back .
it 's absolutely stunning , but for once , nature is the last thing on my mind .
` ` that 's the great thing about setting up as self - sufficient ! ''
` ` spending a fortune on solar panels or whatever is the last thing i need ! ''
i think it 's the closest thing to domestic harmony this place has ever seen .
it 's a weird thing i ' ve noticed about seniors the summer after school finishes : enthusiasm and camaraderie sweep through the graduating class , washing away all grudges and cafeteria hierarchies in their path , until girls who ' ve spent four years bitching about each other suddenly start hugging , tearful , the best of friends , while the guys who spent their free periods stuffing geeks into bathroom stalls laugh with their former victims about how it was all just high school - no hard feelings , right ?
the thing is ... '' i catch my breath again .
that 's the thing about talking with josh ; i never know when he 's going to take what i ' ve said and twist it into something funny or gross .
not until you can get through the day without him being the first - and only - thing on your mind .
half an hour later , it 's clear that my friendship with garrett is n't the only thing i ' ve destroyed ; my new skills as super - barista have fallen apart as well .
` ` i guess he has this thing where he interrupts a lot .
but right now , her hard - assedness is the last thing i need , when i have a legitimate reason for needing that phone .
if i ' ve learned one thing from this crash course in mainstream culture ( besides the fact that smushing marshmallows into vanilla pudding is all kinds of delicious ) , it 's that appearances can be deceptive .
there is no such thing as innocence once your heart has been broken into a million anguished pieces , just remember that .
` ` the thing people do n't realize is what a complex ecosystem the forests are , '' he says .
` ` this is the thing about surprises : they do n't help you figure out a dress code ! ''
` ` grief is one thing , '' grace told her , patience finally worn out .
` ` trust me , love is the last thing these guys care about , not when their careers are on the line . ''
more pity was the last thing she needed , but amber was not to be dissuaded .
she could n't wait anymore , she could n't keep hiding , not when the only thing she had left to lose was the possibility of this becoming real .
the only thing worse than coming off as a total dumb - ass is having the teacher try and stick up for me .
that 's one good thing about oxford , i guess : their weird study system means i only have two of those brutal discussion groups a week .
that 's another thing i miss about living alone : the absence of naked br**sts at every turn .
their desk is spread with candy wrappers , magazines , and colored pens , and studying looks like the last thing on their minds as they hiss at each other .
the thing about the students at oxford is that a lot of them are self - important and egotistical - they ' ve spent most of their lives being told how wonderful they are , and they like to keep that going .
` ` you know the funny thing ? ''
you see , '' she added with a knowing look , ` ` that 's another thing you need for agenting : the ability to hold the course even through tough times .
she could n't even begin to understand what had happened , but the one thing she did know too well was the slow flush of shame that descended whenever she was reminded of her naivete .
` ` but the great thing about what i do is , the data never lie .
` ` no , the thing about yasmin , is- '' ` ` there you are ! ''
saskia should have sent them out first thing . ''
if there was one thing she 'd learned from her years as a lawyer , it was that she never signed anything she did n't understand .
if there was one thing this trip to rome had taught her , it was that she could deal with whatever events came her way - be they irate hoteliers , impatient police officers , or even seductive young men ...
her hair was the first thing alice noticed .
it was one thing having my father , well , rescue me , but it was another to actually make the decision to go .
that was the strange thing about sacrifice .
' you said yourself that there 's no such thing as poverty for dark beings . '
' it 's a wondrous thing knowing you will die at the hands of a man so adamant to fight for you now , is it not , lady heroine ? '
i wore a fresh buttoned black shirt and a pair of boot - cut jeans , both laid out for me first thing .
the pink tinge of the paving had been the first thing i had noticed when the paper had dropped onto the mat the morning before .
only one thing prevented me from gasping , and that was the prince 's presence .
it was the one thing i struggled with .
the kid kicking the seat behind him was the only thing keeping him awake as the plane taxied down the runway .
the only notable thing about them is that their hair had been dyed postmortem .
one good thing about all that trash he talked was that you knew when he was serious .
` ` you know , i ' m starting to get this whole bug - the - hell - out - of- somebody thing . ''
` ` we got one thing in common , though , garrett , '' he finally pointed out .
` ` i think it 's the concussion thing , '' ty murmured as he unbuckled his seat belt and opened the door with a slight lurch .
` ` and another addiction is just the thing i need , let me tell you . ''
the only thing left to someone as active as ty was physical .
` ` just another thing we do n't have in common . ''
` ` a case is the last thing special agent garrett should be worrying about , '' the emt offered .
there was such a thing as enjoying oneself too much at your partner 's expense .
all the gradys did that jump - the - tracks train of thought thing ; he suspected it was a way to throw their quarry off guard .
the only thing he did care about at this point was getting home .
` ` the thing that always made ty so good at everything he did was that he had no fear .
his entire body buzzed after the kiss , another new thing for him , and he didn '' t want to move and ruin it just yet .
ty nearly stumbled , barely grabbing his sunglasses , and zane '' s grasp on his wrist was the only thing that kept him on his feet as he was dragged away from the pool .
ty moving fluidly through the throng , shifting his hips or rolling his shoulders , was a beautiful thing , zane reflected , and his body agreed .
` ` one thing i '' ve learned is , if you '' re too focused on the falling and how horribly it '' s going to hurt , you don '' t see what '' s around you .
which was another thing that made ty restless as hell .
the most interesting thing about these reading glasses was that when he held them up and looked through them , they didn '' t alter his vision at all .
one thing he did know : ty was fearless .
` ` only thing i want is you , '' he whispered .
he knew that the only thing worse than paperwork , in tys opinion , was a multi - departmental meeting where he was expected to sit still .
o ne thing about working for the fbi was that sometimes time passed and ty thought it might be going in reverse .
besides the whole falling - over - loopy thing . ''
that was really the only thing about the end he looked forward to .
` ` if there s one thing my big brother taught me , its that sometimes you have to look out for number one .
forgot about the ... seeing thing . ''
and right now , the only thing he wanted was ty .
zane 's height was the only thing that precluded them from sharing pants as well .
i ca n't remember a time that you were n't the first thing i thought of , and i want to spend the rest of my life with you .
the only thing zane had known when he 'd been that age was becky .
but after a week or two i realized that she was n't the first thing i thought of when i woke up .
it might just be the rose - tinted color of love 's glasses , but there was n't a thing about ty he did n't find fascinating , amusing , or smoking hot .
when ty was upset , the last thing he wanted was to be restrained in any way .
ty 's tanned face and a day 's worth of stubble was possibly the most beautiful thing zane had ever laid eyes on .
the man sitting was the only thing in focus .
not one thing seemed different from the night he 'd left .
and if there was one thing zane knew about ty , it was that he would let himself be beaten to a pulp before he truly hurt zane .
the only thing keeps him on the side of the righteous is his loyalty .
` ` not a goddamned thing . ''
nick had said the only thing keeping ty on the ground was a sense of purpose .
with ava gone , i was the closest thing to a relative murdoch had left , so i took care of his estate . ''
but out there last night , holding zane 's hand on the beach , ty had n't noticed a thing about two possibly attractive people other than the fact that they were walking by .
one thing he knew with certainty was that this would continue to spiral and more people would get hurt if they did n't figure out how to get to the mainland somehow .
concentrating on the struggle was the only thing keeping him from panicking .
he and kelly could spend their lives together - as boyfriends , as husbands , as partners - in - crime , as any damn thing they wanted - and there was n't a thing about that prospect that made him nervous .
the only thing that could be said for the building was that it probably had an incredible view of the harbor from the back , and that zane 's lover was sitting on its concrete steps .
the last thing i want is for laken to feel bad .
i lean back and wait for it because if there 's one thing i can rely on from demetri , it 's resistance .
if it 's one thing wes likes it 's to be in control of every damn detail .
if it 's one thing we were good at , it was lighting up the sheets . ''
the last thing i want to do is witness laken standing up for her man , especially since it 's not me .
the last thing i want is laken and wes consummating anything - least of all with each other .
the last thing we need is a war on our hands .
the last thing about kansas i remember was the pain of losing my grandfather .
the last thing i need to worry about is marky getting boys to like her by way of her tongue .
he looks around nervously as if the last thing he 's in the mood for is small talk .
` ` whatever this thing is with laken ? ''
` ` you 're the only beautiful thing i see . ''
we hit the dance floor , and the first thing to move is the dinner in my stomach .
wes drips his warm hand down my back like heated honey , and not one thing feels scary or irregular about him .
i ' ve lost the only thing that 's ever mattered to me .
the last thing i want is to toy with grayson 's feelings .
the only thing that scares me is never having laken the way wes does .
the last thing i need is to arouse suspicion .
the last thing i wanted was to worry laken .
the last thing i want to do is make out with myself while kissing your chest . ''
the last thing i need is to get sucked into laken 's delusions and drag down the rest of the student body with me .
i think out of all the things this new world of ephemeral and the counts have given me to fear - the thing i fear most is cooper flanders himself .
the only thing worse than watching cooper flanders almost get killed was wanting it to happen on some level , waiting .
and the only thing she feels for me is a serious dislike .
the last thing i need is her blonde mop springing up and ruining my lying streak .
although i doubt they 'd listen , and the last thing i need today is an ass kicking .
` ` that 's one thing about kresley , she 's a straight shooter .
one thing i ' m finding consistent about nujen - she has an unending supply of rich delusions .
another thing about jax : she laughs at every damn thing .
not one creepy thing about these four walls .
` ` one thing about laken changed . ''
the last thing i need is one dead laken . ''
the only thing stopping me from falling to my knees is the simple fact cooper is holding me up .
the last thing i need is some horror movie death scene playing out .
the last thing i want is to memorize its features as they melt in the blaze .
the only thing irritating my skin is her trying to crawl underneath it .
the last thing i want to do is align myself with the bastards . ''
the last thing i need at the end of a long day is for my ass to go numb for a solid hour .
trust me , the last thing you need is getting mixed up with some professor .
the last thing my brother needs to see are the dirty details of my creative writing assignment , or , i should say , my creative wedding assignment .
the last thing she needs to be doing is getting her hormones worked up over some guy .
she 's working her shift , and the last thing i want is for her to get into trouble because of me .
my erection bolts out because the thing that amps me up ten times more than needed is kenny playing hard to get - but in this instance she 's just plain hard to get a hold of .
the last thing i need is him trying to worm his way back into my life . ''
for one thing , i ' m not even remotely interested in my brother 's sex life .
the last thing i want is you in jail on halloween . ''
i 'd join her , but right about now the only thing i feel like bursting into is tears , so i do .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned in life it 's that if it seems too good to be true , it usually is .
but with my luck , the booze that was talking would have long worn off , and the last thing she 'll be asking for is seconds .
the nice thing about the greek system is that the girls do n't give a shit about the lettering as much as they do getting laid by a letterman .
maybe that 's the one thing the bad girl in me really craves .
` ` the last thing i need is the real customers to think i ' m unfriendly .
in fact , the only thing i ' m feeling is light - headed , as if passing out is a real possibility .
those alone are pretty good signs of things to come , but for now the only thing i want to come is ally .
it was a thing of beauty watching blair flail and gyrate while trying to cover her bits and pieces , and i do mean bits .
that 's the thing with having girlfriends who are practically already married to their other half .
it 's in my genes , and after witnessing lauren purchase a jacket for eleven hundred dollars last winter , i 'd say my thriftiness is not such a bad thing .
she waves her hands over gage and me as if she were gifting us to her - another thing i would n't mind , with the exception of gage .
the last thing gage and i need is to be competing for the same girl .
the only thing logan likes about pool is the fact ellis harrison 's pool house has been known to double as a fantasy suite .
my mom has this thing about my stepbrother meeting people .
the last thing i need today is nev taking a crap on me .
just another thing pretty boy and skyla have in common .
the last thing i want is get into it with you because of some girl . ''
extra - curricular girlfriends and hopeless explanations are the last thing a girl wants in a budding relationship .
the last thing i need is spotting mia and melissa every five minutes .
it 's the last thing i want skyla to see , so i let out a ferocious roar to let it know i ' m not in the mood to dick around .
if it 's one thing she liked , it was to be in total control , on and off the mattress .
it 's the one thing that 's kept me from going insane in both this life and the one i had before it - never did bother to hold onto the anxiety that life kept shoveling my way .
` ` the important thing to note about a treble is your flesh does n't quite have the ability to heal itself like it used to . ''
` ` you ' ve got that whole sexy librarian thing going on . ''
marshall is notorious for making gage miserable , but if there 's one thing i wo n't let marshall get away with this year , it 's tormenting gage .
i suppose that 's one thing i can thank dudley and candace for .
that 's another thing i ' m not ready to fess up to right now .
the only thing that boy has on are a pair of boxers and his oversized ego .
that 's another thing that seems to be growing , aside from my powers - my love for her .
the first thing that smacks you in the face when you get inside is the grand staircase crafted from ornate iron - the overall cavernous effect of the home in general .
the last thing laken needs is chloe making her miserable .
the last thing i need is for laken to go willingly into that not - so good night with chloe as an offering to wes .
` ` what 's the one thing we need more than anything in this world ? ''
the last thing i want is for you to go off the deep end . ''
` ` the thing people like you and laken will never understand is that someone like wes - someone like me - will do anything and everything to ultimately get what we want . ''
it was representing my beautiful husband who happens to be the farthest thing from a scary mythical creature like that .
so many things have changed , and , yet one thing remains the same .
the last thing i need is to walk in there all sexed up , ready to cave to his every fantasy .
` ` be warned '' -his crimson eyes sear into mine- '' once the wooing begins , the last thing you 'll want is for it to end .
the last thing i want is for you to fear him . ''
the last thing i want to bear witness to as i shovel eggs in my mouth is tad and his less than hygienic farming endeavors .
she leans in and whispers , ` ` rumor has it the only thing you 're good at saving is your virginity .
not only does coop sort of look like logan , but that whole forgetting to shut the brain off thing remains the same .
` ` the only thing chloe sees is gage . ''
the only thing ` ` not right '' to mom is the fact demetri is getting hitched to someone other than her .
it feels intimate , brazenly beautiful , and now the last thing i want is to see my mother tonight .
in fact , the only clear thing about my mother is the fact she very much ca n't stand me .
the only thing i have to cling to is the determined belief that logan , gage , and ellis are going to somehow survive .
the only thing that feels forbidden is marshall holding me so brazenly while everything in me quivers for more .
really , the only thing i fear these days is losing logan and gage .
the idea of filling emerson kragger 's ` ` testament to all things goth '' with sweet little ole giselle is beyond brilliant .
` ` nope , but that 's the good thing about supervising spirits .
if it 's one thing the countenance takes seriously , it 's the ritual in which they carry out their ceremonies .
` ` that 's another thing i like about you . ''
the only thing my sisters have in common these days is the fact they 're competitive .
the last thing i want are his eyes feasting over my flesh .
this strange night has become a person , a thing .
` ` the only thing that frightens me , chloe , is that you keep lessening the six degrees of separation in our lives . ''
` ` the nice thing about you shacking up with ethan is ... '' i sharpen my gaze on her .
the last thing in the world i want to hear is my mother chortling herself into a giggle - gasm with the prince of darkness .
the only thing left is rage .
we have less than five minutes , so let 's roll some ideas around before the only thing rolling is your newly severed head . ''
the last thing i want is to play suspicious minds with gage again .
` ` under these kinds of circumstances being there for your child emotionally is the most important thing and that 's what you 're doing .
the last thing i need is a head injury .
if he 's not elaborating i ' m not biting - that 's the thing with marshall , he always wants a bite .
the last thing mom and tad need is some serious legal drama playing out .
if it 's one thing i ' ve learned while i ' ve been away from my body , it 's that everything happens for a reason .
the last thing i want is holden fornicating with anything that moves while occupying logan 's mortal being , not that i want him fornicating with michelle .
without gage i have no life , the closest thing i get is listening to others brag about theirs ' .
logan 's reassurance seems the only thing i need .
i want their perfect faces to be the last thing i see if i never come to .
` ` the last thing i want is for it to have that count dracula v coming down into its forehead like it 's about to lose an eye to a sickle . ''
the last thing i want is tad bitching about how much he spent on our fake engagement dinner .
~s the last thing i need is another bodily mix up .
` ` the only thing better than me never having gage is you never having him .
this is the color of the night sky , the last thing i saw as i lay on the stone .
the last thing in the world i want to be discussing is tad 's projectile missile spawn .
the last thing i need to worry about is having my eyes pecked out by an angry raven .
it warms me and makes me feel secure - yet another thing i have to feel ashamed of .
` ` funny thing is , i was simultaneously killing chloe and getting it on with you . ''
` ` the last thing i want is dirty socks to embed themselves in your memory . ''
the last thing i want is to ruin my time with gage by way of logan 's scent .
the last thing in the world i want to lose is gage .
it 's the last thing i hear as i plummet straight back to earth at a velocity that promises only one thing .
i drift off to sleep on several occasions on the way over to west , the only thing jolting me awake from time to time is the pothole - riddled road .
the last thing i need is cops at the door . ''
i hate to break it to you , but most of us operate in this little thing called reality .
the first thing i glance at is the transom over the butterfly room , making sure it 's securely in place .
the last thing i need is you saddled with a kid before graduation . ''
the last thing i need is your attitude . ''
the good thing about being with gage is that i made a promise to myself that whenever we 're in public i 'll never pretend my feelings for him .
the last thing i want is to drag gage into my bed of lies .
one great thing about gage is he does n't have the ability to know what i ' m thinking .
` ` you think the best thing about moving here is named , logan . ''
the last thing i want is tad and my mother near logan .
it 's as if ford 's body is the exact thing mine needed to finally breathe .
the strange thing is we were all so close , so perfect .
he has that sexy casual thing going on , enough to drive any business senior of the female persuasion wild - or intern for that matter .
that 's the thing about shipwrecks , it 's about the only place on earth you can feel safe .
she did this thing with her tongue - drilling into my mouth like she meant business .
evelyn and i can share custody like normal people , only there 's not a normal thing about us .
my brothers and i revamped every detail at the club because the last thing we wanted was to look like a cheap gravity knock - off .
i was just another thing she acquired like a new purse , or a pair of designer shoes .
that 's the funny thing about an emotion that ambiguous - you never really know you 're wrong until the right one comes along .
the last thing i want to do is take anything slow with reese .
her panting increases , she scratches at my shoulders , crying out for a release , and , selfishly , it 's the last thing i want to give her .
ace had real candles at the boathouse , and the music came from our own hearts , our passion tore up the room , and the only thing we were hungry for was each other .
` ` i guess that 's the funny thing about relationships , people always think they 're with the right person until they find out they 're not . ''
dad says something about champagne that sets the crowd off into another round of titters , but i miss it entirely because the only thing i hear is the sound of warren 's balls exploding in my angry fist - or at least i 'd like to .
the last thing i need is izzy thinking i ' m spreading rumors .
funny thing is she 's the only girl i ' ve ever wanted that with .
laney sings in that overly cheery way that lets me know she wants something , and judging by the tall slim jim of a man standing by her side , the thing she wants most is for me to join myself at the hip with someone of the opposite gender .
get out before i come home , or the next thing you 'll find in my purse will be your balls ! ''
right now the only thing i want to feast on is holt edwards ' body .
the last thing i want to do is tell laney every dirty detail right before her wedding .
it 's pretty clear the only thing he 's interested in is me .
for as much as iz loves her mother , she 's the furthest thing from her .
but that 's the nice thing about baya , she always seems to find the silver lining .
if there 's one thing my father taught me , it 's go big or go home .
ironically , it seems to be the one thing i can never truly have .
if it 's one thing my parents instilled in me it 's to live debt free whenever possible .
that 's the first thing i noticed about cole brighton , his jet - black glossy hair .
i grind to life , and the first thing i see are cole 's perfect lips .
the last thing i want to do is slow things down with roxy and me .
the last thing i ever wanted to do was break anybody 's heart .
despite the fact mom is a larger woman , no matter what her size , her lips are the first and last thing you see when she 's coming and going .
` ` that 's the nice thing about electronics .
besides , that 's the nice thing about electronic devices , they do n't need second chances - they get it right the first time . ''
` ` the thing i mourned most was the fact our bodies never had the chance to say a proper goodbye . ''
` ` the only thing waning is my dick , and i ' m about to find it a nice , wet home . ''
the only thing i want is my body in you . ''
the only thing i want to bottle is his love for me .
okay , so that 's probably a little harsh , but i defer to that whole adrenaline thing .
he 's got that vampire , werewolf appeal to him , and my thighs quiver because i just so happen to have a sweet spot for all things vampire and werewolf right between my legs .
trust me , the last thing you want to be is a ' sorority ' girl . ''
for whatever reason the only thing he seems to notice is me .
` ` the last thing i want to do is get in the way of your tally marks . ''
` ` trust me , the last thing you want is for someone to defile you . ''
` ` the only thing that could ever explain that long line of girls is the fact i ' m an ass**le . ''
sans that whole omniscient thing , he 's perfect beyond universal comprehension .
if there was one thing i was absolutely certain about in life - it was the fact that amy ate like a pig on her period .
if there was one thing i hated doing , it was hanging up on people .
we all stayed silent for a moment , the only thing making noise was adam 's wailing , before adrian pushed him towards us .
rita 's rigid form was the only thing revealing her complete shock over the news , and she stayed quiet throughout the suggestion .
now leave ; the last thing we both need is for her to wake up to find- '' i decided then that this was a good time to open the door and catch them both in the act .
` ` same thing , '' seth mutters .
` ` lauren , the only thing i want from you is you . ''
` ` he 's the closest thing to a brother i ' ve ever had .
` ` my cock inside you is the last thing you 're ever going to feel , you stupid cunt . ''
` ` that 's the sexiest fucking thing , baby . ''
she 's definitely a fan of the band , and that 's just one more thing that draws me to her .
the only thing i have is famous family members . ''
watching her head bob and weave , her hand grip my cock at the base and those big chocolate eyes of hers stare up at me is the sexiest damn thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
the only good thing about getting out of the navy is now being self - employed .
liquor is the only thing that numbs my brain of thoughts of bryn and the nightmares .
one thing i can say about matt is , he always leaves me off balance , not necessarily in a bad way .
` ` the only thing i know about cupcakes is that they 're delicious . ''
` ` trust is the most important thing in this relationship , nic . ''
there is beaded fringe at the bottom , like an old - fashioned clapper dress from the forties , which is the only thing about it that makes it decent , because the hemline is a bit shorter than i ' m comfortable with .
` ` jax is the closest thing i ' ve had to a sibling since tiff died , m. we 'd talked about opening a studio for a long time , and it felt like this was the time .
` ` and that 's another thing that pisses me off .
at least i ' m wearing cute underwear ; they 're the only thing on me that is n't black .
we have a weird staring thing going on between us .
it 's the next best thing to running .
the last thing i need is anyone 's attention .
at least it was a cute black lacy one , because ugly underwear is the only thing that could make this morning any worse .
` ` josh , i love my son , but some days i think you may be the only good thing about him .
my mom would have several choice words for me if i were to show up to dinner as a guest empty - handed and desserts are about the only thing in my repertoire .
the only thing i ' m not an expert in is getting them to work .
it 's the only thing that keeps the frayed edges of my sanity intact .
he 's right about one thing and i wonder if he knew just how right he was and if that 's why he waited .
same thing that 's always with me and tierney . ''
the only thing that makes me feel better is that josh seems to be as socially inept as me .
there 's a reverence in the way he kisses me that frightens me , because it 's the most wonderful thing i ' ve ever felt .
not one single thing about what happened that day .
we ' ve finally found something i ' m better at than josh , and he does n't care , because the only thing he likes less than sanding , is finishing .
` ` sometimes i think they 're the only real thing about you . ''
` ` it was the last thing about me that was n't ruined .
the only good thing about it is that he never catches me looking .
that 's not the only thing that haunts him , though .
if i let kevin leonard do this , if i let myself do this , then this , here , now , will be what destroys the last good thing about me .
and maybe i ' m more tired than i thought , because when i open the door , the first thing i see is a set of pale white legs capped with black steel - toed boots swinging from the workbench .
there is n't one thing about his voice that is the same .
because he 's stealing my rage and it 's the only thing i have .
he found new women , none of them a single thing like lily .
his daughter 's smile , that familiar smile , was the only thing it appeared she 'd inherited from her mother .
if it 's within my power not to lose another day , i 'll not lose it , '' he told her , the force behind his deep voice almost like a physical thing , ` ` and it 's within my power . ''
` ` not one damned thing .
the only thing he knew , knowing lucien , was that if the deed was done , there was a valid reason behind it .
his head dipped down , he slid his temple along hers which was , when he was n't doing it to be ugly to some poor madwoman , another thing in that thimble on the good side of her scale .
for one thing , no one had shown up smashed .
for another thing , even though it started an hour ago , still no one was smashed .
mainly because the other thing about the village was that it was busy with loads of people shopping or chatting on the sidewalks .
there was one thing he liked about the human 's mating ritual , the female accepting the male 's name .
it was filled with tenderness and her eyes flew open to see his face was filled with the same thing .
it 's the only thing that matters .
the one thing i know that 's even more powerful is the courage it takes to forge your own path , make your own mark and in doing so , make change .
this happened so fast the only thing i could feel was the wind created by his movement .
the only thing i knew was that i hated him now more than ever .
` ` one thing about you , pet , you are n't a disappointment . ''
the people were the only thing about the place that was elegant .
one thing i knew was that vampires could not invite the uninitiated to go to a selection if the uninitiated was in a relationship with a mortal .
the one thing i knew was that , however it went between lucien and me , i was n't going to let him break me .
that whole pulsating thing .
the only thing in his universe was the woman in his arms .
because he was expressing gratitude for me giving my love and outside of a great house , fabulous clothes , beautiful shoes and unbelievable orgasms , that was the only thing he would ever give to me .
this was n't the only thing trembling .
even though benny was not hard to look at , and back then ( and now ) he had that thing - that thing the cool boys had which set them apart and made you want them so much it was like an ache - i avoided ma 's many and varied plans to throw me in his path .
even though benny was not hard to look at , and back then ( and now ) he had that thing - that thing the cool boys had which set them apart and made you want them so much it was like an ache - i avoided ma 's many and varied plans to throw me in his path .
how i felt and the same thing i wanted after he was gone .
vinnie had to put up with that shit and that was one thing in all that was frankie that he did not envy his brother .
another good thing about benny .
yet another good thing about benny .
` ` know one thing on god 's beautiful earth , and that is '' -she leaned into me- ` ` love is never wrong . ''
the thing was , it just kept bringing it back when i was already struggling to move on .
his face got a smidgen closer so that he was the only thing i could see .
` ` one good thing about the five - month lag , baby .
and the only thing to hide about a drug that 's imminently being rolled out is that drug is dangerous . ''
another thing that would make her a winner if a man knew about it : she gave more of a shit about getting her kid oreos than getting herself laid .
the only thing she wanted was whatever she wanted and nothing dragging on that .
` ` i think i ' ve made it relatively clear you bein ' bossy is n't my favorite thing , '' i told him .
but she 'd said she was free and not one thing about dusty had given mike the impression she 'd lie .
the only thing she knew was that she did n't like it much .
and i knew darrin worryin ' about dusty was the last thing on his mind before he went to sleep .
because one thing he did need was to go to the f**king gym .
he also did n't like it ` ` only thing i remember about dusty holliday back in the day was that she could sing , '' merry noted .
he did n't want to , for one thing .
the one thing i knew was that i 'd find out eventually and i had too much to do , i had to see about doing it .
now i want it more because it 's the only thing of him i have left . ''
` ` well , i do know that i hope like f**k the bitch has n't cashed it because of all the nothing i know about bernie mcgrath the one thing i do know about him is that he does n't take refunds for payoffs , '' ryker remarked .
the thing that puts me in a good disposition is unavailable yet sleepin ' next to me .
the only thing she loved more was company .
layne moved into rocky 's back , put a hand to the counter in front of her and discovered one good thing about her wearing her hair up .
` ` you missed one more thing you need to do and that 's quit bossing me around . ''
` ` only thing would get her out from under that f**kwad is cosgrove .
withdrawal was one thing , missing another .
money was n't exactly flowing and raising two teenage girls , money was an important thing to have .
the only thing left was the rugged and interesting .
and that 's the thing , neither of you did .
vi squirted ketchup in a pile by her fries and noted , ` ` one good thing about you movin ' in ... '' cal left his burger suspended halfway to his mouth and looked at violet , brows raised when she did n't finish .
two , jackie told me that the only way sure to fail was to give up and that was always the first thing on my mind , giving up on joe .
her eyes lifted and the second thing she clocked was his chest .
outside of morrie , jack and jackie , back then february was the only good thing in his life .
and those jaw tilts , back then , were the best thing in it .
the only thing i knew was she was n't the girl i used to be .
but instead he dipped his own chin and hid his response just as he kicked himself for being such an enormous jackass in the bathroom the day before finally losing it about her calling him alec and taking away the only good thing they shared anymore .
that and her curves were the only thing she shared with feb . feb was tall , blonde and her curves were more attractive considering the length of her frame and the way she held herself .
morrie tells me only thing better than feb 's frittatas is being touched by the hand of god . ''
the thing was , when i did and with how everyone was acting around me , i did n't feel like i was being stupid and i did n't feel scared .
i 'd learned a long time ago both canine and feline had one thing in common .
` ` colt - '' ` ` only thing he wants is you , '' colt said .
` ` maybe only thing he ever wanted in this world .
one good thing about the conversation was that it was different to the conversations he 'd overheard since feb came back to town .
and in between that time , the only thing he could hold onto was the sound of feb shouting .
the one thing that made him uneasy about this was the way she talked about it .
his touch and his voice warmed me even more than the downy covers over me and i 'd opened my eyes , this making jake the first thing i saw for two mornings in a row .
and it was the only thing i 'd ever get .
she skirted him and the only thing that made him feel even minutely better at witnessing her excited reaction to seeing her boss was that she did this in a familiar and intimate way .
so , although i would have chosen not to have a surprise altercation with henry in the foyer of lavender house where he shared he 'd been in love with me for twenty - three years yet did not one thing about it ( it was at this juncture i decided i wanted to throw something at him ) , jake was mine before it , during it and after it .
the other thing he was was enraged .
i liked that he was the first thing i saw in the morning .
` ` outside of gran , for twenty - three years , you were the only real thing i had . ''
the thing that makes me happy is that i have that chance . ''
the only thing she could use to latch on with were her legs and her pu**y so she had her legs wrapped tight around the backs of his thighs and her pu**y was pulsing around his cock .
donna thinks of one thing : donna .
` ` relax , my wee finnie , '' he murmured and , just for your information , he 'd started to call me his ` ` wee finnie '' the day after the elves came calling and that was on my long list of things i liked about frey too because i thought it was really sweet .
his fingers dug into my ribs and his face dipped so close he was the only thing i could see .
he may be a puppet on your strings , cousin , but one thing i ' m certain he was born with and that is a sense of self - preservation . ''
the thing that 's important to understand is , if you make a mistake , you try and learn from it .
the only thing i know , because valentine told me , is that wherever i go has to be here ! ''
i went to bed in my bed in a world i understood and i woke up here in a world that was entirely foreign to me , everything about it , and not one thing about it was good .
the only thing left were two lines on either side of us , shoulder to shoulder , of men wearing nothing but hide pants , their glistening , brown - skinned bodies painted .
a deafening cheer tore through the crowd , so fierce ; the wall of sound hit me like a physical thing .
he wants that shame to be the last thing he feels before the dax takes his head . ''
not that i watched much boxing at home but these guys did n't have gloves , for one thing .
and after his declaration , the only thing i could do was whisper , ` ` yes . ''
it was cool inside ; this was the first thing i noticed .
the second thing i noticed was that there was a courtyard in the middle that was exposed to the elements and in it , with a beautiful mosaic - tiled base , was a small , gurgling fountain .
the only thing that was n't good was morning sickness but that only lasted until around ten .
the only thing i know is that i ' m here and she 's not .
the man is practically begging for a challenge or some reason to unleash some of his impatience on someone and the only thing i know is that someone will not be you . ''
and the hottest thing about him was that he had a scar curving from his temple down his cheekbone .
the economy was n't booming and even though i had good skills and my boss loved me so would give me a good reference , i 'd been at the agency that long because the thing i hated most in the world was job hunting so i avoided it at all costs even though i was in a nowhere job that did n't challenge me all that much .
i glared at him thinking there was not one damned thing good about it .
i was n't sure but one thing i knew , i was screwed .
` ` in this world , '' i kept whispering , ` ` you were the only thing i had but you were the only thing i needed . ''
` ` in this world , '' i kept whispering , ` ` you were the only thing i had but you were the only thing i needed . ''
` ` the only thing i recognize is the bread .
tor came in after i set the coffee to brewing and he was wearing nothing but one of my forest green towels ( they were n't girlie , which sucked , i liked girlie , but they were the only thing ( as well as the rust accent colors i used ) that did n't look putrid against my bathroom suite ) .
` ` and the only thing i can hold onto to be able to rest my head on the pillow at night is the thought that wherever you are , you 're with him and he 's riding his horse or driving his car or flying his spaceship , i do n't care , but he 's doing it with you , he 's not letting you go and he wo n't let any harm come to you .
that 's the only thing i have .
i shoved my face in her neck and when her hilarity calmed , i said into her skin , ` ` i love you , mom and when i was gone , i missed you and the worst thing about being gone was thinking i 'd never see you and dad again and i did n't have the chance to say good - bye . ''
in fact , i reckon it 's the only thing you get off on .
but there was one thing about it .
a name my parents gave to me and after i screwed up royally and married pol , it was the only thing i had left of them .
the one thing i knew , that smell was certainly soothing .
his turtleneck today was a forest green , no less spectacular than the one the day before , except for the fact that the color did amazing things to his eyes .
the only thing i care about is that you 're safe and happy while doing it .
` ` i have this ... thing about me . ''
it 's a beautiful thing , watching you become found . ''
` ` an important thing of note that the witch shared with me is that she has not been able to find my twin from the other world . ''
taking her in , she was one thing my old world could not offer me .
it 's the only thing i have left of them .
it 's the only thing i have at all . ''
weird and wonderful and warm and sweet and comfortable and a lot of other things it should n't feel .
the only thing which could darken cash fraser 's mood that day was abby 's behaviour that morning .
cash was standing in the bay window talking on his blackberry and alternately watching her and looking outside , his gaze resting on her far - off view of the sea ( one of the many things about her house that she loved most , and , incidentally , so had ben ) .
it was the only physical thing she had left .
the wedgewood collection alone - '' cash 's body went visibly tight before he clipped out , ` ` you sell one piece of my legacy , i 'll see you in court , day in and day out , until the only thing you have left is the clothes on your f**king back . ''
after he 'd given up on his father , the only thing douglas had to prove was tamsin 's faith in him .
he had saved her life for one thing and for another , he was very handsome , except for the scar on his mouth which made him look slightly menacing .
it was the first time in her life she 'd ever had her picture in the paper , for one thing .
she was seeing things about him that she thought were funny or sweet or kind or ( the worst ) damned sexy .
the only thing that stopped him from striding across the room and dragging her from the building was the scene he knew it would cause .
she decided to nurture her irate frustration at the situation ; it was the only thing she had left .
until she was ripped from the bed , his presence seemed the only thing in the universe .
meg was the closest thing to a grandmother sibyl had .
she collapsed back into the bed , wondering if she could press charges when this was all over , and holding onto her rage because it was the only thing that stopped her from crying .
and it was the only thing that stopped her from thinking , however dictatorially it came about , she was far more comfortable in his pyjama top , under the covers and in the soft sheets of the bed .
but her parents were one thing .
apart from the fact that she loved him , which he found a vastly pleasurable experience the like of which he 'd never known , the second thing he liked best about her was her new habit of wearing his t - shirts to bed .
she stood in the drive watching his suv thinking she hated pretty much everything about her life , but the thing she hated most at that particular moment was hearing prentice address her as ` ` isabella '' .
she hated floating through people and avoided it at all costs , she did n't feel anything physically , just emotionally , but it made her sadder than her normal sad at being dead when the only thing she could make people feel was cold .
there was one thing isabella austin evangelista knew how to do .
fiona did n't know what to feel about that but she had to admit the first thing it felt like she felt was pride .
her arm was around his shoulders , holding on as if that hold was the only thing keeping her standing .
the next second he was sliding a large diamond ring on her finger , the diamond brilliant , gorgeous and huge but the setting was simple , unadorned , the luster , brilliance and size of the diamond the only thing it needed .
the only thing she knew was she had to get away .
one thing she learned from calvin was to pick her battles .
however , belle noted , yasmin seemed to do the same thing as joy in the same protective way .
nor did he force her to stand at his side while he introduced her to person after person necessitating that she make small talk , her most hated thing in the world ( outside of the media and their microphones and cameras , she hated them more than small talk , loads more ) .
jack thought there was one thing good about jensen interrupting jack 's determination to break through during his sunday and that was hearing belle sounding happy for the first time in weeks .
she tried to catch even one and found the only thing she could focus on was his warmth , his body hard and strong under hers , their connection making her feel complete .
it was another thing he 'd learned in his brief research .
the other thing about it was everything .
i did the whole girlie thing , going overboard with full , wild tawny kittaen hair , the front pulled loosely back in a clip and dark makeup on my eyes .
he was backing me up across the office and doing his disarming straight talk thing .
one more thing that was important to know about cherry was that she was a first class , grade a prime , bitch .
` ` a party , '' mom said , ` ` is just the thing . ''
` ` one thing good about that , i ' ve never seen you smile so much and i do n't think i ' ve ever heard you laugh . ''
so i held on to the only thing i ever had .
` ` this is a new thing , '' daisy replied .
the only thing i knew was that , for me , it was about him saving my life and me being alive .
the only thing i did know was i needed to slow down , catch my breath , heal my body and get myself safe .
` ` i do n't like sayin ' it just as much as you are n't gon na like hearin ' it , but i understand one thing about flynn .
his face was like stone , his body completely stil , the fury was coming off him like a physical thing and charging the air .
the best thing about the boots though , even with all that , they still looked killer ( you could n't be a badass mother without killer boots , it was a rule ) .
we had n't used protection again which was another thing i did not need .
his voice was n't the only thing that was sexy - husky - sleepy .
he slammed the door and then slammed me against the car and got up close , his hard body to my soft one , his heat slamming into me like a physical thing .
i wanted to try the teeth thing on him that was nice .
when i opened my eyes again vance 's face was the only thing i saw .
i asked , surprised , but figured it was maybe some zen , macho guy thing , roughing it on a plank wood floor .
his palm pounded on the wall next to my head and his face got right in mine so he was the only thing i could see and this scared the shit out of me .
being a tough guy , macho man was one thing , getting in fights in bar parking lots was something else .
one thing i knew , i was n't going to bring up my sweetest , saddest song ever written defense .
i woke up happy ( yes happy , it was morning , i had n't had the chance to put my defenses up yet ) , warm and post - night of mind - boggling life - altering sex relaxed , curled into his side and the first thing my eyes saw was the wall of his chest .
the one thing i know is , ava is n't sleepin ' on the f**kin ' couch .
` ` see , the thing is ... '' i started then stopped again and before luke could say anything i rushed on , deciding to let it all hang out .
and there was one thing i knew about myself after the last couple of months , i was no wuss .
leo was more interested in getting stoned than girls which was another thing pong and hugo gave him shit for .
only thing i cared about was she came back . ''
only thing better was being eddie 's woman .
this was a new thing of eddie 's ; holding me this way after we 'd made love .
the soft face / sweet low voice thing was another one of those seven hundred twenty - five thousand things i missed about him most of al .
the soft face / sweet low voice thing was another one of those seven hundred twenty - five thousand things i missed about him most of al .
except for the ability to play my music , being in his heart was the only thing i 'd ever wanted in my whole effing life .
until the only thing you can think of is my c**k inside you and my hands and mouth on you .
the only thing that made me feel better was that i heard somewhere the hotel was supposed to be earthquake proof which meant the gypsies could n't destroy it .
` ` give me that f**kin ' thing , '' i heard tex boom through his own panting and then i heard him in my ear .
chapter eight man of the month sadie i opened my eyes and the first thing i saw was the muscular column of a man 's throat .
he was doing that fighting - a - grin thing again .
the only thing i knew was that i had to devise a plan to get myself safe , safe from the crazy balducci brothers and safe from any further emotional turmoil .
he looked back to me and his mouth was doing that fighting - a - grin thing .
the only thing i knew was the more i talked , the less that thing in my chest hurt and i had to get it out before it destroyed me so i kept right on going .
the one thing seth had given sadie was the ability to put up an impenetrable defense .
there were a lot of things mace was ( he was hot , he was tall , he was handsome , he could be a little scary and moody , he could also be surprisingly sweet ) but there was one thing he was not and that was cute .
` ` one thing about ally that 's always been the way , mamita , you do not get what you see . ''
hector had his arms crossed on his chest and his mouth was doing that fighting - a - grin thing .
` ` and you ' ve got the ava thing . ''
the only thing i had going for me was that i looked hot .
however , he did this without the half - grin thing going .
the thing was , her bff had her apartment bombed .
but this kind of silent anger was not her thing and it unnerved me .
the thing about that was , her ha**ng s*x with lee on his kitchen counter and everyone reading about it was ( maybe ) something to be angry about .
but the thing i love most is that you always believed in me . ''
the only thing tying me to vito 's authority is respect .
it took me a while and hank to lay it out , but the thing i should want most is what you want .
` ` five years where my tears were the only thing keeping me company at night .
five years is a long time and if there was one thing i knew about his family or the real ` ` family '' he was a part of ?
that 's the thing about the mafia - feelings are never part of it , family or no family .
chapter eighteen there is only one thing better than being a well - known rake .
there was only one thing he wanted .
the last thing she needed right now was attention .
kessen threw her phone onto the bed and groaned aloud , another thing she 'd been doing a lot of , especially when her grandmother let her know there would be a party held at the country home in her honor .
but other than that , at least we have the whole physical attraction thing going for us . ''
the thing she immediately noticed about duncan was , he had no game plan ; he was n't that type of player .
one thing he had never been called was a pansy ; however , at this moment in his life , he truly wanted to run away .
the only positive thing about her current situation was she was convinced she was still on vandenbrook property .
for one thing , he could have sworn the young man who came into the room earlier was not an investigative journalist but one of the baristas at newberry and co. perplexed , he followed nick outside .
the only thing that gave him away was the ecstatic grin spread across his face .
if i eat , i 'll surely explode , and the first thing to go would most likely be my dress , sending buttons popping everywhere .
and the last thing i need is to embarrass my daddy . ''
it 's the same thing ! ''
the only thing that gave away their identity was the obvious location .
gloves were the last thing on her mind .
the only thing i remembered was drinking and then beth eating cookies .
jace the first thing i thought of when i got on the plane was alcohol .
to me , time was the most valuable thing we had as humans .
the first thing i noticed was her nakedness , but it was quickly trumped by another shout and a shampoo bottle flying by my head , causing another thump .
and that was the crappy thing about insecurities : they never actually went away until you dealt with them .
the last thing i needed was a dui .
and in my experience , there was nothing worse than an insecure girl and the last thing i wanted was to be the reason for her to feel anything less than what she was .
the last thing you should feel is sorry .
because the last thing i needed to be reminded of was how it felt to be in his arms - when he was pushing me into someone else 's .
` ` the last thing she wants is to be home rubbing some bastard 's feet ! ''
the last thing i needed was to burn into my memory the way her lips looked when she smiled , or those damn eyelashes .
chapter eight alec the best thing about living in seaside ?
that 's the thing about being famous .
and really to be that desperate for coffee ... it was the only thing i could drink that distracted me from drugs .
yeah , nat owed me , because the thing about me and alec ?
but here 's the thing about liking someone - having such a strong pull to them that you ca n't eat or sleep or even function throughout the day .
i tried not to be jealous but that 's the thing with jealousy - once you let it in , it 's hard as hell to remove it completely from your body .
it was the only thing that helped .
the only thing that was keeping me from falling to the ground and weeping .
the thing about love ... you ca n't fully give it , when you do n't even know what it is .
when i wanted to run back to the snow , when i felt like reverting back to that same excitement of childhood , he 'd show me one more thing that pulled me to the other side .
unfortunately , the thing about running , the thing about trying to start over - eventually that hope is dashed by your past coming up to greet you like the fires of hell .
unfortunately , the thing about running , the thing about trying to start over - eventually that hope is dashed by your past coming up to greet you like the fires of hell .
but that 's the thing about choices ; you do n't regret them until after they ' ve been made .
the last thing i needed was to join the same downfall .
i clamped my mouth shut even though i wanted to talk back the last thing i needed was to get in trouble or not pass my classes ; they were all i had .
that 's the thing about life .
i was n't vain enough to think i was actually all of those things , but i knew damn well how to pull it off so that every single person within my vicinity was eating out of the palm of my hand .
i smiled , even though the last thing i was feeling was amused .
that 's the thing about controlling others .
the last thing i wanted to explore was anger ; it reminded me of his personality .
chapter twenty - three the thing about leaving a legacy ?
because that 's the thing about the website ; taylor had specifically filtered it through a different country , so even if we did have some crazy person filing against the site ... we 'd block their ip .
the thing about your past ... it never stays there .
the first thing i saw was kiersten 's worried gaze and then saylor 's .
he said i was the same , and the last thing i want to be is the same , lisa .
that was the thing about college .
the last thing i remembered before dozing off was a vision of lisa in her yoga pants .
but the thing about leaving someone who 's a sociopath ?
because the last thing i wanted was to join ... him in the afterlife .
words were n't really my thing at that moment .
the thing about wes ?
chapter eleven emotions are a funny thing .
because that 's the thing about girls .
` ` if you 're that angry the last thing you need is to get into trouble .
so when you fall asleep , the last thing you think of is me , and when you wake up , i want you to think of us . ''
yeah , the last thing i needed was to look desperate enough to try to pry details out of his cousin .
` ` but- '' ` ` the thing about second chances , '' mom interrupted , laying a hand on my arm , ` ` is we always walk into them assuming we 'll feel better , when nine times out of ten things get worse before they ever get better .
for some reason the only thing she remembers is that she forgot her pink scarf - not her helmet .
if positions were switched , i can imagine , hearing your voice would be the most soothing thing in the world .
the thing about people revealing their pain to you ?
` ` the thing about life ?
but that 's the thing with truth - once you speak it out loud ...
the thing about lies ?
the scary thing about waking up ?
i still felt angry , but that 's the thing about feelings .
teasing her , even in intimate moments was my favorite thing in the world .
for one thing , if one more of her royal guard asked her if she was feeling down , she was going to not only throttle him but pull out a pistol or perhaps a sword .
sucked into a lust - filled frenzy that would end with him taking the one thing he did n't deserve - her innocence .
for one thing , ash had accompanied them , which meant that every so often she 'd catch him staring at her , only to have him jerk his head away when caught .
even though the air was moist with morning rain , it was the most refreshing thing she 'd experienced in hours .
hunter was in for a surprise when lord grimm denied ever knowing her , but one thing she did know for certain about london gentlemen : more often than not , they chose politeness over anything else .
chapter thirty - three the thing about falling for someone is you ca n't plan it , and the minute you realize what has taken place , it 's impossible to stop the destruction and pain that lay in its wake , when you do the one unforgiveable thing - like walk away .
full crimson lips , curing gently upward into a breathtaking smile was the first thing his eyes beheld , and by god if it were to be his last , it would be enough .
the last thing sofia heard was ash 's soft cursing as the door shut behind them .
yes , i ' ve had many a woman comment on that very thing .
chapter five wolf- the only thing you 'll be eating is your words and perhaps any crumbs of humility i decide to throw your way !
the only thing she had left of any worth .
-wolf hunter appeared nervous and if there was one thing she knew about hunter , it was that he was seldom nervous .
how he wished he could do more , but the funny thing about pasts was they always had a tendency to repeat themselves , and for once in his life he was given a choice .
now hop into bed before i change my mind about taking the only valuable thing you possess , your virginity . ''
for one thing , the sheet on the bed had fallen completely off , leaving isabelle draped across the mattress looking like a goddess emerged from the sea .
she had thought him sensitive last night , not wanting to take the one thing she had .
everything but the thing he had lost long ago .
this was the moment , the time when she would point out every insecurity , every single thing wrong with him .
` ` it 's alluring , the first thing a man sees before looking lower , the vast expanse of a woman 's gown is open , revealing just a tease of what treasures lay beneath .
it was always a magical thing , the way his warm skin used to feel against the cold keys .
the last thing she remembered seeing was the concern in rosalind 's eyes as her knees gave way and her eyes succumbed to the blackness .
the one thing that money and a title could not buy - love .
the last thing any shipwrecked man would appreciate had to be the thought of being chained to a woman not of his choosing .
the last thing she wanted was to meet her death in the freezing snow the day before her nineteenth birthday .
the only thing keeping her upright was stefan 's muscular body holding her firm against the wall .
for food was the last thing on her mind when that man 's beautiful lips said the word activities .
his arrogance it seemed was the only thing that still existed .
for one thing , when he went to see to samson , he discovered his horse had been busy all night eating .
the last thing he wanted to be was reasonable as her fists grabbed a hold of his unfashionably long hair .
but why did stefan feel like help was the last thing mr . willard fairbanks wanted to offer ?
the scalding burn of the liquid through the porcelain was the only thing that made me feel better .
because the thing about going over a hundred miles an hour all day every day ?
the last thing i needed was to see how ridiculously happy they were .
and he 'd given me the one thing i 'd been craving for years .
and i was doing everything i could to keep it from happening , but that 's the thing about not existing - about being a ghost .
i wanted to put her on the shelf and walk away , but that 's the thing about perfection .
because the one thing nixon never warned me about was that you may choose blood , not out of loyalty but out of desperation , out of unyielding love for someone who was n't blood to begin with .
i wanted to sob , i wanted to wrap my arms around my ex - best friend and apologize until my voice was hoarse , but the thing about messing up like i did ?
the last thing i wanted to do was move or try to start putting on my clothes again .
i think in his own weird way he was trying to comfort me - but the thing about comfort ?
i was going to lock her in her room until she calmed down , the last thing either of us needed was for any of the family to see her or me in our current state of rage .
i ' m tired and the last thing i want to talk about is fake vampires . ''
the thing about the commission ... there were going to be too many people in one place to actually meet at a hotel besides the whole possible gunfire thing was kind of an issue .
the only thing he needed was a giant cigar sticking out of his cocky mouth and the look would be complete .
life was n't merely unfair ; it was unjust , uncontrollably bleak , and dark - because the only thing i 'd ever wanted had been her , and i 'd lost her , lost everything dear to me and gained another full responsibility .
i hated that hesitation was becoming my new thing , but i had to know .
the last thing mil needed was for me to go back in there so damn turned on i had trouble walking .
because i feel every damn thing . ''
you took the only thing she had !
` ` because attached to her is one thing you all want - and desperately crave . ''
the thing about nixon ?
` ` simple , after all , the last thing the campisi family wants on their hands is more blood , you know ?
chase smirking was one thing .
every damn thing felt wrong about the club , from the way my clothes were pressed against my body to the music they were playing .
` ` that 's just the thing , joe .
` ` the last thing you need is more stroking . ''
the thing about my name ?
` ` okay , so the only thing i ' m finding is an old abandoned boathouse .
the most striking thing about her , though , was how ... hopeless she looked .
she looked like any other girl in school , getting ready to go home like everybody else , and about the only thing that stood out was her really great hair .
verlaine 's heart did that thing it did whenever she saw him - that stealthy thing that felt like turning over and constricting at the same time .
the only thing she understood was that it could n't be directly causing any devastation in captive 's sound ; it lacked that power , and she was grateful .
` ` the only unusual thing about elizabeth is how kind she is .
` ` a witch is n't the same thing as a sorceress- '' ` ` stop it !
the last thing he needed to deal with was dad freaking out at him .
and mateo had said the only thing keeping him from losing it was the fact that elizabeth had n't deceived him in this one , last , terrible way .
one thing awesome about living in an old - fashioned house was the old - fashioned bathtub .
the first thing asa felt was pain .
their lips met gently at first , but then their mouths parted slightly and the warmth and taste of his mouth seemed to be the only thing in the world .
` ` what 's the first thing that strikes you about her ? ''
she was already ` ` concerned '' about nadia because of mom 's vanishing act ; the last thing nadia wanted to do was attract even more of her attention .
you had to take the only thing i ever had . ''
one thing we have in common , you and i - the great and mighty plot their wars , and we shiver down in the trenches .
that 's the one thing we had in common , she realized .
` ` that 's the greatest thing about you .
a witch 's steadfast can be the only thing between her and ultimate darkness . ''
the last thing i need right now is to lose it .
for the past few days , my hate has been the only thing keeping me going .
and do n't give me the ' he looked innocent ' thing again .
the only thing the modern , glass house on one side of the street had in common with its opposite , a stately victorian , was the scale .
' it is a thing that happens to you when a girl loves you for a long , long time .
the scariest thing in the room was me .
the last thing i remembered was falling asleep beside him , even though i should n't have .
` ` when daniel was trying to help me with the fake horizons essay , he asked if the thing my fake character has - the thing i have - was acquired or if it existed from the time she - i - was born .
` ` when daniel was trying to help me with the fake horizons essay , he asked if the thing my fake character has - the thing i have - was acquired or if it existed from the time she - i - was born .
the entries about me were one thing .
the thing about happiness , though , is that it never lasts .
` ` i have a stomach thing .
the only thing i wanted was noah .
and i had an equally horrifying thought - if stella and phoebe were like me and noah , there was another thing we had in common .
our footsteps echoed in the silent halls and i gripped his fingers tightly , wishing we could become one thing .
and the fact that his left eye was still in his skull was the only thing keeping me from getting out .
the thing about jamie was that he did n't seem disturbed enough , sometimes , by the things i 'd done .
the only strange thing was the pressure in my fingers , drawing the razor to my stomach again .
it 's the only thing that keeps me going . ''
as i poured , tripp 's voice was the only thing i heard .
preparing myself for the moment she opened her eyes and realized she 'd slept on top of me was another thing .
daisies had been the one thing about my time with tripp that i had n't been able to let go of .
the best thing about it was that it smelled like him .
you had this thing about flying .
like i said , you had this thing with flying and a daredevil streak .
chapter twelve mrs . messer had this thing with her glasses .
the first thing i saw when i opened the metal door was a note , written on yellow paper , folded in a triangle .
i was so tired of ... of everything - the looks , the snide comments , and how veronica and candy acted as if my memory was n't the only thing i was lacking .
` ` the funny thing is , this new version of sam reminds me of how you were when we were kids . ''
the last thing i needed was a scene .
it seemed to be working , and those one to two hours a night had become the thing i looked forward to the most every day .
he 's got that whole latin - lover thing going for him . ''
he 's a good guy and there 's not a thing that 's wrong with him .
epilogue there was one thing that i knew was the same before cassie died and now .
the last thing i need is for dorian to kill my victim and leave me with no one to put in my chair .
i do n't answer , mostly because his and izabel 's words all sound stifled in the back of my head , and the only thing i can hear clearly is cassia 's voice .
she could be a lot of different things , but one thing she is n't is demure , and she has a deep relationship with money .
i wanted to be alone and the last thing i needed was her , or any other woman , shadowing my every move .
besides , the last thing i need is for victor to think something is going on between us .
and i 'll never stop because being a sick f**k who takes pleasure in torturing people like you who made me this way , is the only thing i can ever imagine being . ''
~~~ i only came back to baltimore for one thing and it certainly was n't the sex .
funny thing is though , he seems to attract women like shit attracts flies , much like dorian .
it 's probably always the one thing about her that anybody looks at when they 're not looking at her ass or her legs or her tits .
` ` that will be the only thing keeping her alive after she 's told us where to find dina gregory and the others . ''
minutes later , nora is bound to her chair so tight by several yards of paracord that the only thing she can seem to move anymore are her fingers , and her head .
but i love every single thing about you . ''
` ` the thing i hate the most about being old is that men like that do n't look at me anymore . ''
` ` you need love more than anything because it 's the one thing you ' ve been deprived .
the only thing that worried me as i stood at the front desk waiting to get my room key was that i was already in fugitive mode .
that was one thing that never changed about the two of us .
i ca n't accept that she would n't want to come home with me first thing .
they walked through the narrow hallways of the abbey , the occasional flicker of candlelight the only thing to hold back the thick gloom .
` ` his eyes , for one thing . ''
` ` same thing , '' he muttered .
not that her fascination was the only thing strange about the woman .
that was the last thing she desired .
` ` good , because pity is the last thing you would ever receive from me , '' he gritted out , careful to keep his fingers from digging into her soft skin in exasperation .
not when cold logic was the only thing that would save the both of them .
for one thing they could be hurt . ''
in fact , the only thing she was in the mood for was blood and mayhem .
` ` of course , there was one good thing about being locked in that basement . ''
the last thing she desired was for anyone to guess her unwelcome vulnerability to victor .
fright , however , was the last thing juliet was feeling as his fingers brushed over the curve of her bare breast .
` ` the last thing i need is to be psychoanalyzed by a vampire . ''
that was one good thing about absolute , mind - numbing fear .
the only thing that had halted him from forcing her had been the knowledge she was quite willing to kill the both of them to prevent such a horror .
it was one thing that never changed no matter who was her current master .
it is one thing we have in common . ''
` ` of course it 's not the only thing . ''
the one thing he did , and did well , was remain hidden from searching eyes .
of course , his stillness was n't the only unnatural thing about him .
in fact , thanking you is the very last thing upon my mind . ''
the first thing that hit him was the unmistakable stench of smoke .
maybe it 's the whole being chained to the bed thing . ''
` ` anna , the one thing i do know is that elementals are born , not created .
` ` he 's the runt of the litter and the only frightening thing about him is his warped sense of humor . ''
cezar muttered a curse , his dark expression not doing a damn thing to relieve anna 's growing fear .
` ` for one thing he is already mated , and for another , i would kill him . ''
although food was the last thing anna desired , she knew that she should try to eat something .
for one thing , she did n't remember ever falling asleep .
on the other hand , the last thing she wanted was a mystical peeping tom .
the ridiculous word was the last thing she heard as a welcome void reached up to swallow her .
` ` the only thing owed to you is a slow , painful death , morgana , '' the vampire said coldly .
the last thing he wanted was to leave this room and pretend as if his life was n't crashing down around him .
the one thing he respected was power .
and the last thing they needed right now was another battle with guns blazing .
the last thing she wanted was to be alone with the grim - faced vampire .
but the last thing she wanted was an overbearing keeper .
` ` independence is one thing , regan , and stubborn foolishness another . ''
turns out that the whole jackass thing comes with being a male , '' she drawled in overly sweet tones .
` ` the next best thing . ''
` ` my sister for one thing . ''
this whole being sensible thing sucked .
the only thing more painful than disappointment was clinging to futile hope .
the last thing she wanted was meeting a whole posse of vampire mates who were no doubt deliriously happy .
` ` because the only thing worse than being stuck in this cell is being rescued by that . ''
the last thing she wanted was to slog up and down endless hills .
the only thing they had in common was the unmistakable aura of being predators .
the only thing they had in common was the tangible sense of violence that crackled around them .
` ` harley , the last thing i want to think about right now is briggs . ''
the important thing was the rigid expression on his servant 's face , and the blank emptiness in his eyes as he charged directly toward salvatore .
guns , swords , crossbows , maces , daggers ... the only thing missing was a rocket launcher , and salvatore would n't have been surprised if there was one or two tucked inside the wooden cabinets at the back of the room .
the only thing that mattered was getting out of the hellhole .
there was n't a damned thing comfortable in the sensations assaulting laylah .
for centuries he 'd chosen women who wanted one thing from him .
a grim reminder that did n't do a damned thing to stop the heat that scorched through his blood as her indigo gaze skimmed over his lean body , which he 'd left bare except for a loose pair of dojo pants .
` ` facing death is one thing ; knowing i ' m a part of destiny is quite another . ''
after centuries of being enslaved by a vicious bitch , the last thing he should want was to be at the mercy of another female .
not knowing what was coming was the only thing worse than knowing what was coming .
the last thing she wanted was for him to do something he might later regret .
honor was the first thing he 'd sacrificed after the death of his mate .
the last thing she wanted was to be caught in politics .
` ` the one thing you will always have , cara , is my respect , '' he said with a blunt sincerity she could n't miss .
the only thing missing were the whips and chains .
she could n't prove her theory , of course , but the idea that the battlegrounds floated in a different space - time continuum was the only thing that made sense .
the last thing she wanted was to dig them up and relive them .
` ` this , for one thing . ''
` ` the last thing i want is to be tied to a leech . ''
and you have that '' -she gave a wave of her hand- '' that broody male thing going on . ''
` ` broody male thing ? ''
` ` for one thing , you 're the only vampire i ' ve met who is too stubborn to take ' no ' for an answer . ''
the magic was draining her at a rapid rate , and the last thing she wanted was to collapse in front of this man .
` ` for one thing it makes reversing your mating more difficult .
see , the thing about cam is that he 's never acted like he 's given two shits about me .
chapter 18 : jill birthdays had always been dad 's thing .
when i opened my eyes , it was gone and the only thing still there was the memory i had in my mind 's eyes .
if there was one thing i would admit that liam was right about , it was the length of rehearsal .
the first thing that came to mind was my school schedule .
chapter 23 : liam ` ` and if i catch anybody trying to eat the buffet on stage tonight , it 'll be the last thing you ever eat . ''
the thing with being homeschooled , or ' online schooled ' , was that once i clicked the start button for the test , i could n't do things normal students did , like negotiate for extra time to go to the bathroom , or argue my grade .
you see , the other thing you should know about me , is that before this , i had n't dared to really have dreams .
but dad , we do n't have to ... '' the last thing i wanted to be was a burden .
i had read the symptoms of addiction for a course last year and it all fit - dependency , need to lie , first thing you think about when you wake up , etc .
one thing i had learned from sneaking around the school in my younger days was what the alarm system looked like .
if there was one thing i still trusted about liam , it 's that he would n't have thrown the school to the wolves by casting a horrible actor even if i had n't been the best one .
` ` i think talking to you before the gatsby audition was the only thing that kept me sane . ''
there was apparently no such thing as ` ` off the record '' , and i was n't to trust any reporter , which made sense to me .
the first thing i took notice of was how his blue eyes were about three shades brighter than any i 'd ever seen before .
for one thing , i was being held by metal restraints on my wrists and ankles .
the last thing i wanted now was company and it seemed i had an entire flank of soldiers surrounding me .
it was one thing i liked about him .
that small corner of our school library was perhaps the only thing i missed about our school .
she normally always heard me out - yet another thing that changed about her since we left the shade .
the first thing i immediately took notice of in the tall , dark senior was the fresh new shiner on his right cheek .
if there was one thing i shared with her that i could completely feel and fully enjoy , it was the kisses .
chapter 32 : sofia the first thing i noticed upon swinging the door open was the symbol of a hawk on derek 's back - right below his right shoulder .
i was mad at him and the last thing i wanted was to go anywhere with him .
chapter 36 : derek when my feet landed on one of the boulders outside the fortress , the way sofia 's slender form was trembling in my arms was the first thing that registered on my mind .
the last thing i need is to get another whiff of your blood .
the strange thing was that from our vantage point , it was clear to see where the night stopped and where the day began .
the only thing i think you 'll need more practice on is firing a gun .
that was another thing that had changed since that day .
i missed this , missed his touch so much that the only thing i found myself feeling at that moment was relief .
sofia has this thing about her - almost as if her blood is a siren call .
` ` because the last thing you want is to owe a vampire anything . ''
at the sight of him , the first thing i noticed was the scar that lined his face from the middle of his forehead to his left cheekbone .
i felt the same way , but too much was going on - more than i could handle and being around him was the last thing i needed at that moment .
it 's like she has this thing about her that no one can really peg but you just get this unnatural urge to protect her and keep her safe .
chapter 45 : ben when i opened my eyes , the first thing i felt was a sharp pain in the right side of my head .
when borys brought her in and i first laid eyes on her , the first thing i noticed was how beautiful her face looked .
i could n't help but shudder , because at that point , i could only sense one thing from sofia : power .
i knew that i had to find my way back to him and that was the only thing that kept me from sinking into despair .
aside from derek , one more thing bothered my every waking moment : i am the immune .
the only thing that sparked any worthwhile reaction from her was how much she wanted to get back to the shade and whether or not yuri would even care that she was there .
truth be told , i wanted to just threaten to kill them all , but the only thing keeping my sanity in check was the thought of sofia standing beside me .
` ` for one thing , you could always live on animal blood .
the first thing that struck my senses was how crowded the catacombs were .
happiness appeared to be an elusive thing at the elder 's castle .
physical assaults from the elder always meant one thing : i was to be silent as he spoke .
i swallowed hard after i realized that that was n't the only thing that was confusing me .
still , each vision i saw had one thing in common : blood .
that was the only thing that kept me from trying to locate my brother and his wife .
it was perhaps the most terrifying thing about the elder .
i had an inkling that the memory of those kisses would be the only thing i could hold on to in the coming months .
one thing derek did that i could also do , however , was to not back down .
the only thing that got me through each day at the blood keep was the conviction : derek is coming .
the witches were supposed to be the agents of good - maintaining balance , or so they said - but if there was one thing my stay at their realm had taught me , it was that i could n't trust them .
i had no idea what had happened to the shade , how ruined it probably already was , but one thing i knew for sure was that no matter how magnificent the witches ' realm was , it could never be the kind of paradise my true home was to me .
the first thing i noticed was how lackluster her eyes were .
chapter 15 : sofia as the blackness gave way to fluorescent white lighting , the first thing that came into focus was a set of bright blue eyes .
last thing i need is a woman crying rape . ''
but that 's just the thing .
there is no such thing as normal in our job .
you know that thing people have that tells them they 're doing something wrong or pushing too far ?
sitting back down in my chair , the first thing that comes to mind is the sweet smile of a woman i should never have had .
the last thing i want to give him is an excuse to punish me .
the thing about my brain is that it 's damaged .
the sweet sound of her steady breathing is the only thing that calms me at the moment .
the funny thing was that even though i knew everything she was telling me , it sounded like brand new information coming from her mouth .
i chuckle humorlessly , ` ` the thing about cops is that you do n't know how smart they are .
the thing is , the reaction can go from one extreme to the other .
the man is the closest thing i have to an actual father .
the thing that makes her the prettiest though is her smile .
she adds , ` ` the thing that 's hard to get past is that they look like regular people .
his body quakes and jerks uncontrollably , and at this moment , i realise i am thankful for one thing : i ca n't see his face .
* * * the very last thing serena had expected to see this morning was the guy from the frat party .
hope was a funny thing .
the thing is ... there 's no one i 'd trust with it but you .
in fact , the only truly weird thing about the afternoon was that no one had talked about his mom apart from an accidental comment here or there .
but it was the serious look on her face as she studied the instructions on the back of the wrapper that was the hottest thing of all , watching his beautiful , brilliant girl put as much focus and dedication into making love with him as she did with everything else .
and if there was one thing she absolutely needed to do , it was rise above .
pride be damned , she was going to have to let him win this round by running from him ... if only to make sure he did n't win back the one thing that really mattered .
worry for his sister was the only thing that could possibly have made ian forget his attraction to tatiana .
different in many ways , her girls had the most important thing in common : big hearts .
` ` the years are another thing you wear better than i do . ''
` ` that 's another great thing about san francisco , '' she said , pausing in her extremely enthusiastic bites of pie , ` ` between chinatown , japantown , the french quarter , the mission and north beach , it 's like having the world at your fingertips .
dreams were the one thing she 'd always understood , how they could take hold of you and make you risk everything .
honestly , the only thing that bothers me about any of it is that i have n't done anything extraordinary enough for them to be so starstruck . ''
the last thing he needed right now was more adrenaline coursing through him .
but her long walk home through the city had n't done a darn thing to push away the memory of how it had felt to have jack 's hands in her hair , his hard heat against her , his delicious mouth pressing against hers .
the only thing that could make mary 's night better was if jack were here to share it with her .
no matter how different people were , they all had one thing in common : a dream of finding the one .
the only thing the man seemed to discriminate by was cup size , as each of the women was very well endowed , including the young wife on whom he was cheating .
the only thing that stopped him from grabbing her and tugging her all the way onto his lap - and the erection that would n't quit whenever she was near - was knowing how bad she 'd feel if her hand slipped and she cut him .
there had n't been one other thing he 'd wanted more than to stay there beneath the sheets , her warm curves pressed against him as he tasted and kissed and caressed every beautiful inch of her .
the last thing she wanted was to meet everyone in the local retail association with eyes red from crying , and cheeks wet with tears , so she made sure to hold it together all day long .
the only thing she knew for sure was how much she loved rafe .
knowing she trusted him enough to completely let go like this - and that he trusted her enough to completely let go , too - was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever experienced .
that was one of the great things about a farm : the past did n't matter .
the only thing he knew for sure now was that his life was better off without it .
because if there was one thing that lori had never excelled at , it was self - control .
it took every ounce of his self - control not to go to her , and in the end , the only thing that kept him from leaving his room for hers was the absolute certainty that she would hate for him to see her with her walls down , vulnerable and hurting .
` ` i love you , soph , '' she said first , because it was the most important thing of all .
` ` actually , '' she said as she stared at his erection with wide eyes , ` ` there 's one thing i think i ' m going to like a whole lot more than that . ''
the last thing she was aware of before she fell asleep was the soft press of his mouth against her forehead as he kissed her good night .
she could n't wait to tell him every single little thing she loved about him , of every possible way he 'd pleased her with this surprise wedding today .
her daughter had been five and jake had been eleven , but one thing she knew for sure was that true love did n't come with a time line .
after all , the last thing she had a clue about was love , fictional ... or otherwise .
and had he just lost the only thing that truly mattered ?
the last thing valentina felt was the press of his mouth against her forehead as she finally let herself lean all the way into him ... and dropped every last defense around her heart as he whispered , ` ` i love you so much , '' one more time before sleep claimed her .
` ` early on i realized the nice thing about dating an actor is that even if they do n't really think i ' m young and beautiful and desirable , they know how to fake it .
the last thing she wanted was to let his hand go , but she knew better than to pretend that any of this was real , no matter how tempting it was to do just that .
the last thing she wanted to do was make him uncomfortable in any way .
like she was the only thing that mattered in the entire world , and he would do whatever he needed to do to protect her and keep her safe from harm .
but he had n't forgotten the way she 'd responded to his touch ... and that there had n't been one single weird thing about the way she 'd arched and cried out against him and begged for more .
her wide , laughing eyes were the last thing he saw before she toppled into the water ... and took him in with her .
` ` one thing about having a pro pitcher as a best friend - you learn how to always hit your mark .
not a goddamned thing .
i ' m pretty sure a training session is the last thing on her mind when all she wants to do is play with her friend . ''
frankly , the last thing he was worried about right now was his little sister .
the only thing he knew for sure anymore was that he did n't have a prayer of keeping his hands off her .
she was so lost in the throes of the sweet pleasure of zach 's hands breaking down her stiff muscles that it was n't until he said , ` ` the best thing you ' ve ever felt , huh ? ''
the last thing a guy like zach needed to know was that he was the sexual champion on top of everything else .
he would n't let her go , would n't let her leave his arms in anger when the only thing that had gotten him through the past thirty hours was the thought of having her back in them .
their quickie should at least have taken the edge off his need for her ... but it had n't done a damn thing to make him want her less .
the pull of his low voice was the only thing that could possibly have gotten her stuck feet moving again .
throughout , while heather told kate to cancel everything for the rest of the day , and she threw atlas 's rope and watched cuddles tackle it with her entire body , the only thing heather could focus on was the way zach never let go of her hand for one second .
` ` you were the only thing i thought about during the crash . ''
because if there was one thing everyone knew about sophie sullivan , it was that she never , ever lied .
but the dress was n't the only thing different about her .
the last thing jake saw before taking his place beside gabe in the lineup was sophie 's soft mouth turned up into a sensual , utterly feminine smile .
he knew better than to think that love meant a damn thing when the going got rough and it was easier to split .
` ` one thing we can all agree on , '' he continued when the laughter subsided , ` ` is that there 's nothing imaginary about the love between chase and chloe . ''
` ` reading about sex does n't mean a damn thing , princess . ''
he knew coming at her so aggressively was n't doing a damn thing to make up for the way he 'd treated her , but it was the best he could do given that even looking at sophie had his brain cells scrambling .
she rooted around for the nonprescription glasses she kept with her to wear to important meetings - when she needed to make sure her brains were the only thing people noticed .
or any of the other things that the four leaves represented , like hope , or faith .
but one thing they 'd never done together was to sit down and share feelings .
` ` ten years with tutors is the only thing that got me through that goddamned book .
knowing the man she loved had tried his best to let her fight this fight herself , and that she would n't change one single thing about him even if she could , she told her brother , ` ` jake is right .
if there was one thing megan knew how to do , it was details .
the last thing in the world he was in the mood for was this game , but it was usually easier just to play along with lori .
the pleasure on her face at that discovery was the only thing that could have stopped him from rolling her over and taking her in one hard thrust just then , the only reason he had a chance in hell at continuing to lie still to let her have her naughty way with him .
as though she was the only thing that mattered .
so then why , she wondered as they headed back into the small basement , was sex the only thing she could think about as she reached into the humid dryer and pulled out the clothes ?
megan was pure sensuality from head to toe without doing a darn thing other than breathing .
the last thing she expected was for his laughter to rumble through the room .
it was just one more thing about him that made her feel safe .
that was the thing about family - they were always there with you to celebrate the good stuff ... and to point out when you were screwing up .
the last thing he expected her to do was drop her gaze to his still throbbing groin , raise an eyebrow , and say , ` ` really ? ''
the sheet did n't cover her br**sts , but the last thing she was thinking about was modesty .
the only thing he did like was making money , and he liked for it to accumulate in accounts .
one thing i do know is that buying that stallion is another example of your inability to think things through or see financial realities . ''
the only thing she knew was that turning back was n't an option .
the last thing she wanted was to cry in front of him .
the first thing he noticed was that her riding gear showed the mellow glow of age .
although if it were up to him , that zipper would be going up , not down , and her jeans would be the next thing to hit the floor .
the discomfort in her body was n't the only thing she found upsetting .
perspective is the first thing to go .
the last thing he needed was to be talking to her and imagining what she 'd look like with her br**sts bare to his eyes .
and i think the last thing we need in your hand is a knife , '' she said , nudging him aside .
felt her knees buckle and chester was the only thing that kept her standing .
the only thing she still liked about the room was its bank of french doors that let in an abundance of light .
competing was the most important thing in her life .
first thing he thought of was the back tats he 'd made his men get , the ones of the grim reaper standing in a field of marble and granite slabs .
eyeing the bin , the only thing that kept her from vomiting was the fact that she 'd have to lose it on the lipstick .
` ` my memory is n't the only thing i ' ve lost , '' he said dryly .
instead , she lingered on the raspy sound of his voice , and the way he 'd stared at her , as if every small thing about her had been a source of fascination and importance ...
as minutes ticked by and turned into a full hour , the background talk from the drinkers around them was the only thing that filled the silence .
so far , so good , except for the whole feeling - like - death thing .
there was no time to f**k around , and he did n't need to tell his old boss that - clearly matthias 's preference in nooky was n't the only thing the guy remembered : he was on his feet and ready to bolt for cover behind a van that was about three yards away- more shots were fired at them , pinging off the pavement , the gmc 's quarter panel , the wheel well .
` ` well , for one thing , it looks like it belongs on a forty - year - old .
god knew the last thing she needed was free time and a car .
the last thing jim saw before all hell broke loose was mels sending a glare heavenward .
but it appeared this was yet another thing about them that was a one - way street .
also , the quiet location was another thing working in her favor .
last thing he needed was a pair of wild cards .
after all the truth was ugly , but hopefully it had served a purpose- matthias jerked in the driver 's seat , shock flooding through him as the last thing he 'd looked at before signing off on that desktop at the marriott came back to him : his profile , his live profile , his current one that had not been included , on purpose , in his cache of exit strategy intel- jesus christ .
turned out those were his two last words , and she was the final thing he saw : an abrupt suffocation took over , his cells starving for what they were n't going to get , the chaos jamming his brain , stealing from him the last moments he had with her .
the last thing she was in the mood for was him parading his win around .
and to be honest , that 's the only thing that 's gotten me through this . ''
the strange thing about that accent was that it moved around , distorting different vowels and consonants in different ways , the lack of consistency suggesting he was either posing or had an intermittent speech impediment .
the only thing she 'd liked about the room .
as her legs buckled out from underneath her , the last thing she remembered was the way chillie had looked , silhouetted against the gathering light , his short hair pushed back by the cold wind as he had stared right through her .
as he disappeared back inside , cait pivoted away so that she was n't eavesdropping - except although that meant she could n't see them , it did n't do a thing to drown out the rising voice of that woman as it promptly got higher .
` ` the thing that bothers me most is their pain .
the first thing that registered was her father 's snoring .
the loudest thing inside the vehicle , apart from the muffled growl of the engine , was the tick - tock of the directional signal as he took lefts and rights to get them out of the neighborhood .
one thing he was not going to do was discuss with the old ladies on his tail the woman , the hookup , or any future plans .
his eyes were narrowed into slits , his upper lip had curled off his teeth , and the rage radiating out of him was probably the only thing that could have gotten through to her .
the first thing she smelled was floor cleaner , and over in the corner , there was a polisher plugged into an outlet , standing at attention as if ready to be called back into service .
the only thing she felt was that anger deep inside her .
margot and i had not been together by that time , but i knew where things were headed , i knew that ... christ , cait , the last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you . ''
when she had been in hell , the only thing she had prayed for was getting out .
could it be that the vocabulary of a day or a night , what she did , where she went , who she was with , what color her hair or clothes were , was not the dispositive thing , not what would get her what she was after ?
she needed the kind of agony she forced others to feel - and that was only going to happen if he took away the one thing that mattered to her .
it was a while before she could say anything intelligent - but that was the thing with true friends .
man , one thing that sucked as you got older was that you had so many more associations with things .
the only thing she was sure of was that a kind of ... crossroads ... seemed to have appeared before her , and she wanted some sort of confirmation that the direction she intended to go in was the correct one .
and right now , that vulnerability was the most attractive thing about him .
except there was one thing that was completely and totally off : no bravado .
the only thing that stopped him was that he wanted to concentrate on the feel of her release .
cait measured every single thing about duke for the longest time .
the soft sound of the door shutting was the loneliest thing she 'd ever heard , and as she went over and sat where he had , her orderly little house and her orderly little life pressed in on her .
she just stood apart and stared at him - and that was the scary thing .
the last thing he thought of as he drifted off while still propped against the door was n't a thing at all .
` ` not one thing . ''
which was the thing with minions : they had rubber man 's stretch and tyson 's follow - through - and with his bad leg , he could n't take a hit like he used to .
the saddest thing about ending up here , apart from the fact that he 'd fucked up the war , potentially lost his mother 's place in heaven , and was going to spend eternity blowing around a star trek set like some red shirt left behind by the enterprise , was that he 'd never told sissy he loved her .
god , that was another thing to mourn : the days when fifteen minutes had actually felt like fifteen minutes .
just opened the way in and slipped inside , and in the darkness , the first thing he smelled was shampoo .
the only thing that kept her from going off on him was the reality that they were n't in a relationship .
she 'd never been in a mercedes before , much less one of the super - fancy models : everything was sleek lines and high - tech , leather and polished wood - the only thing out of place being the lack of a hood ornament out in front .
the last thing devina was going to have to worry about was whether or not she won the war .
one thing about rural places : not a lot of money around .
the first thing she saw was the biggest flower arrangement on the planet .
the last thing she wanted to see was her face and wondered whether jim avoided his reflection when he came here , too .
i really appreciated it - it was the only thing that kept me from losing my mind . ''
the best thing about being immortal is that i do n't have cancer - stick guilt anymore- '' ` ` can i get pregnant ? ''
jim was the last thing she saw before she lowered her lids .
the only thing that remained was a diffused panic that what they had released from her was just going to jump back in .
the only thing he cared about was getting into the demon 's space .
my shoes , motherfucker - would it kill you to notice one goddamn thing about me for once ! ''
` ` that 's gold , for one thing .
the only thing that stopped him from attacking ?
the last thing to go was the frame of the mirror .
` ` one last thing ... the souls like sissy ?
and the only thing more powerful than that connection ... was what it was like to get shut out from it .
that nasty nose - pincher was the only thing he had n't liked about the change .
the last thing he wanted to do was tangle with that male right now .
for one thing , he 'd shown about as much finesse as a bulldozer .
he did n't want to go back to this woman 's office - for one thing , there was n't enough time , assuming he wanted to be at the iron mask for opening .
as she was receiving care , the last thing he wanted to do was interrupt the process .
the last thing that registered before she lost consciousness was her concern for the other female .
` ` i know that the last thing you 're thinking of is food . ''
` ` my father and i do have one thing in common , however . ''
and the only thing that stopped him from going and finding the slut was that in this case , the situation worked for qhuinn .
he was ashamed to admit it , but right now , the only thing keeping him together was the fact that blay had promised to come to him at dawn .
it was the only thing that kept me going .
you were the only thing , actually .
you were the only thing ... actually .
as he cursed and stomped around , he was tempted to hit something - but a set of busted knuckles was just one more thing he 'd have to explain to people .
iam turned and faced the half - breed who was the closest thing to family he had outside of his flesh and blood .
pushing his way through the door , the first thing he was greeted with was that antiseptic smell that he associated with postfight contusions .
` ` you have n't told me your name , either , '' she murmured , even though proper nouns were the last thing on her mind .
the hardest thing is being with other people - it 's like they 're on a different wavelength , but only you know it .
it gave you the illusion that life was n't as fragile as it actually was - and on occasion , that was the only thing that got you through the night .
` ` because family is an always kind of thing . ''
the only thing worse than having no legacy at all ... was not living up to the one you 'd been given .
for one thing , humans were so inferior physically , it was like biting into that apple .
it was going to take a miracle to get her free , and assail was the closest thing to one of those she 'd met .
that was the only way he could describe every single thing about the woman- a proprietary growl rose up deep in his throat - one more thing that was n't like him a'tall .
that was the only way he could describe every single thing about the woman- a proprietary growl rose up deep in his throat - one more thing that was n't like him a'tall .
the only thing that changed was the volume .
clearing that , they emerged into the cavernous foyer , and the first thing wrath did was sniff the air .
too bad the sniffy - good was n't doing a damn thing for her mood .
` ` a vote 's one thing .
he was curling himself backward onto his heels as he went down , and she ... was he going to- selena moaned and nearly fell over as he brushed the top of her bare sex with his lips ; his grip on her waist was the only thing that kept her upright .
the last thing he wanted intruding into this sacred space of hope was any memory of that other night of loss ... when he had rushed for the castle upon a black steed , careening through the forests , risking his own life to return in time .
now , she was in goddess territory : physical beauty was one thing ; having a spine was even more attractive .
but the instant his throat came up to her mouth , she was crystal clear on the bite : her fangs punched out and she used them hard , cranking down on wrath 's flesh , breaking the surface and going deep , freeing up the other thing she needed from him .
their control was the scariest thing about them .
fritz had assured him she was in bed and eating , but one thing he knew about his shellan ?
the last thing he needed was more exercise - rest and food was what his body required right now .
the only thing that had made disappearing possible was that he could n't die not knowing what had happened to her .
just one more thing to adore about her .
the only thing that was solid were his male instincts , which were bloody incessant that he needed to go out to the road in front of her , brace himself before that cheap - ass car , and demand that she turn around and come back home .
indeed , the only thing that moved were the tears that pooled in her eyes and slipped off her lashes .
the clapping got louder as wrath put his arms around her and bent her backward so far , the only thing keeping her from the ground was his strength .
i mean , the last thing we need is for them to call us out on fraud grounds . ''
he glanced over at her - and the slow smile that hit his face was the sexiest thing about him .
and it was funny : the one thing that so many of the people had in common was love for their family .
the joy she got in return as john awkwardly held the red bundle was pretty much the best thing in the world .
it 's the same thing as today .
those were always the best parties anyway because everyone there had one very important thing in common - the need for an alternative family .
you 're the only thing i ' ve wanted since the day i met you . ''
the only thing i could feel was nausea and pain .
the erins , along with brady beck and a few of their friends , relished only one thing more than taunting me - making me cry .
it was the day before laundry day , so even though it was a little chilly , the shorts were the only thing i had clean .
the only thing that kept me from exploding from my chair was that his shoulders relaxed .
his warm , brown eyes fell to my lips , and his breath was the only thing i could hear until the front door swung open .
music was the only thing keeping me from freaking out about what had happened at the mall earlier today .
the last thing i needed was for her to freak out .
yet another thing i did n't know about him .
the last thing i wanted was that lying ass**le to touch me .
the last thing i needed was to have a panic attack my first day of school .
9 the only thing that got me through the rest of the week was being able to hide in the library .
15 the one good thing about amy 's unexpected appearance at dinner was it gave me the push i needed to prove her wrong .
the last thing i wanted to see was him coming home all glowy from a date .
his touch was the only thing keeping me sane right now .
it was her thing , even when we ran together .
gods , the only thing she wanted right now was him .
` ` a good name is always the most important thing when you 're terrorizing the galaxy , '' she said , letting her gaze drift around the space , careful to not seem too interested in anything .
but renna had learned her skills in the tenements , and the last thing she was worried about was form or looking pretty .
she pushed aside the thought of boyd , her fence and the closest thing she 'd had to a friend .
the last thing she wanted was to be alone with him again , but the sooner he realized she was n't going to let him push her around , the better off everyone would be .
the boy is the only thing that matters . ''
right now , a shower was the only thing she wanted .
myka is the only thing i care about . ''
the one thing she could make out was the sheer terror in the woman 's voice .
the only thing she knew was that the name itself was a reference from one of the ancient earth myths .
` ` you should know by now , the last thing i am is easy . ''
the only thing she wanted was to be back on the athena .
and why the hell were useless quotes the only thing she remembered from her few years of school ?
right now , the only thing she wanted was to imagine thana samil 's face on the punching bag in the corner .
` ` time is the one thing we do n't have , captain . ''
and smart was the only thing that would get her through this .
that was one thing samil had n't been able to take away .
but they had one thing in common .
the metal around his wrists was the only thing supporting him , and they dug in painfully , skin bulging on either side of the bands .
her death grip was the only thing keeping her on her feet .
forty - three when renna woke , the first thing she noticed was the silence .
the thing with men who do n't talk much is they make the words they say count .
we have a bond , formed even before nat and ash were a thing .
i ' ve worn it a heap of times , and when i find a new place to go , it 's always the first thing i go for .
the last thing i think about before i fall asleep is a laughing dimple .
as soon as i make some money , that 's the first thing on my to - buy list .
the only thing sexier would be if he were wearing his glasses .
` ` the last thing i remember , and i 'll never forgive her for this , was when she got pregnant ... '' his eyes close sadly , ` ` ... and she blamed you for it .
that sweet , feminine voice and the sight of her lightly touching the spot where he had pressed a butterfly kiss were last things he heard and saw before he was abruptly transported to his brothers .
` ` you 're the only thing i ever truly coveted . ''
his light laughter was the last thing she heard before letting the darkness take her under .
it was the only thing that kept her level and sane in a world that had been turned upside down by her illness .
the only thing that made sense is if everything she had seen in the last several minutes had all been a horrible nightmare .
the only thing he knew was that his mating instinct was nearly out of control .
he was physically perfect , but she knew that the thing that struck her right in the heart was the man himself .
there was one thing i regretted about being dead .
his face was the only thing that was n't covered with anything , but he looked different .
that 's the only thing you really have against him , zane .
in fact , seeing him was the only thing that kept me sane and from dying of loneliness .
protection had been the last thing on my mind .
one thing i know is that i love you . ''
the last thing i needed was for this to become a volatile situation .
that was the thing with love : sometimes , no matter how badly you wanted to be with someone and take care of them , there were obstacles that were beyond your control .
it was one of our only links to our mother , and i wanted to remember every little thing about her .
i always thought that baby brain was a female thing .
he 's been my best friend for years and the one thing we always had in common was the fact that we did n't let women take over our lives .
it would look too circumspect and that 's the last thing i needed .
the last thing i needed was to break my own rules .
the last thing i needed was a romantic entanglement .
` ` does it make you feel better to know that the only thing in the video was your back and groans and some full frontal shots of me ? ''
leo no longer your boss to : leo maxwell from : hannah will re : not a girl , a baby leo , i wish i could say that i ' m sad i ' m not your assistant , but i think the only thing i ' m going to miss is morning breakfast and for some reason i think you 're still going to make sure i ' m fed .
` ` that 's the great thing about being the boss 's son .
the last thing i remembered was being on the couch with , greyson .
and if there was one thing i wanted by the end of everything , it was for joey to be a distant memory .
as i stared at him , i realized that we had one thing in common .
the last thing i could remember was cuddling with xavier after the hot sex we 'd had .
the only thing making you pause is the fact that your friend is in the shower .
the last thing i needed was for anna 's crush to have a crush on me .
the last thing i 'd wanted was to disappoint her .
` ` did you know that eye color is the one thing we can not change ?
the only thing keeping me alive was my face .
now that the medication had worn off , i could feel every little thing they 'd done , and my face was n't the only thing they 'd changed .
the only thing that kept me from kicking the life out of daxton was what celia had told me that morning .
the last thing i wanted was to lose any trust he might otherwise have been willing to offer .
the last thing i wanted was my mother to worry about me as well .
` ` i 'll come by and pick you up tomorrow morning , first thing . ''
henry does n't react well to people messing around like that , and the last thing you want to do is piss him off .
the one thing that was not monotonous was my time with henry .
instead the first thing i felt was warmth - incredible warmth that filled my body , or at least what was left of it , and spread through me like honey .
you were waiting for your mother to die , and now that that has happened- '' ` ` now that she 's gone , the only thing i have left is this place , and the only person i have left is you , '' i said .
the only good thing about these injuries was that a corset was out of the question , but that meant there was very little padding between the fabric and my bandages .
the only thing that kept me from taking it all back was the ache in my abdomen from where her knife had slid inside of me .
the only thing that kept me from seething was my joy at seeing her again , but even that was rapidly being replaced by confusion .
the only thing that was different was the lack of a smile on his face .
though walter was powerful and rightly king of the sky , the one thing he could not handle was losing control over a situation .
but i could give him the one thing she never had - requited love .
the last thing she needed was a reason to blow me to bits .
` ` when i wake up and the f irst thing i see is his face , i know it 's going to be a great day .
right now , from where i ' m sitting , it looks like the last thing you want to be is my husband .
i could ask my mother , i supposed , or james or ava , but they were planning their strategy to survive a battle with a titan , and the last thing they needed was something else to worry about .
he was the only thing i could see , the only thing i could feel , and i would n't have had it any other way .
he was the only thing i could see , the only thing i could feel , and i would n't have had it any other way .
` ` funny thing about those weapons , '' said calliope , and i whirled around again .
if there was one thing she knew , it was how to carry that particular weight around .
the only thing preserving her sanity was keeping one eye on the clock .
his presence was the only thing that was keeping her sane .
beth 's safety was the only thing that mattered .
the one thing that kept me going strong instead of running for the hills was how good i was going to look in that dress .
she 'd been doing those things most of her life , and if there was one thing that she 'd learned , it was that neither really worked out .
for one thing , he was n't sure manuel was going to salt lake or that he 'd know they 'd be stopping there .
she said to brianna , even though company was really the last thing madison wanted .
` ` having me act as an agent for the police in order to obtain evidence could get you fired , for one thing .
it did n't help that it was late , they were alone ... and the last thing he wanted was to return to an empty house to brood about susan .
` ` faith is one thing , mom .
suddenly , caleb was the only thing that mattered .
` ` for one thing , he would n't willingly leave my mother .
` ` but that 's not going to change a single thing . ''
that 's one thing i do like about my sister .
for one thing , he could n't see tye limiting his attacks to small women .
the last thing she recalled was the charming way he 'd walked them to their car after the dinner party was over .
for one thing , she preferred not to be in such close proximity to her election opponent .
` ` the only thing we ' ve got - snow . ''
because the only thing worse than being stuck out here with her was being stuck out here alone .
the only thing different was the tire tracks .
he had so much physical strength - but that was n't the only thing that made him intimidating .
the last thing rick wallace wanted was to fly back to colorado .
for one thing , he was n't someone to whom she could simply explain how she felt - because he understood more than she wanted him to understand , looked far deeper , to the hard truth , blanching at nothing .
but one thing he had n't come across in prison was any information on the various conditions that affect the female reproductive system .
knowing peyton would be there , at the prison , was the only thing that made it tolerable .
` ` it 's late , for one thing . ''
for one thing , she was now blonde .
for one thing , she 'd had too much to drink .
for one thing , he 'd be very surprised if she had a permit to carry concealed .
it was the only thing he could see as he darted for the door .
yet here she was , asking for more of the one thing isaac could give her , and that was ecstasy .
` ` it 'd be nice to know you survived the night , for one thing , '' her sister yelled back .
focusing on what she felt for david and her duty as a wife was the only thing that 'd made it possible to stay away from him .
for one thing , it could change from day to day depending on his mood .
loving him was one thing ; knowing he did n't or could n't love her back the way she wanted , the way she needed , was another .
` ` that 's not an easy thing to lose . ''
the only thing that worried him about the living room was the bullet hole in the wall .
isaac wanted the same thing , too .
the last thing i need from you is your pity . ''
the only thing he did n't understand was why .
you are the only thing that matters to me , '' she told him and fled .
` ` the last thing i need is you trying to save me for another woman ! ''
the last thing she wanted to do was let alexa down or prove skip right - that she was nothing but a lazy drunk .
what happened is n't fair , but you have to stay sober or you 'll lose the only thing you ' ve got left and the one thing that matters most to you . ''
what happened is n't fair , but you have to stay sober or you 'll lose the only thing you ' ve got left and the one thing that matters most to you . ''
shocked and stricken were n't exactly the same thing , but he purposely glossed over that .
for one thing , she 'll fall behind in her classes if she misses the rest of the week .
for one thing , she and alexa were pulling together , growing closer than they 'd ever been .
for one thing , he 'd thought it might do sophia good to see that he felt enough loyalty to her to tell his mother that she needed to butt out .
she should n't be driving , for one thing , yet she visits me once a month . ''
that was another thing noah hated - how he 'd begun to second - guess his best friend 's thoughts and reactions .
the last thing either one of them needed was for gran to fall .
she wanted the same thing now .
for one thing , they needed to raise their prices to keep up with the cost of food .
for one thing , he 'd never led anyone on , never given anyone false hope .
because that was the thing about whiskey creek .
but that was n't the only thing that made her heart race .
` ` i ' ve been meaning to repair and paint the barn , for one thing . ''
to be faithful to someone ... that 's an admirable thing . ''
the only remotely interesting thing about this house was two holes , chest - high , in the screen door .
right now , he felt like the only thing he needed was her .
the only thing levi had to fear was his own bad choices and limitations .
the only thing that kept him from drifting off right there in his recliner was the hope that cheyenne 's sister would show up .
this was the last thing they needed when they were so backed up .
the last thing she wanted to think about was what he 'd just helped her forget .
for one thing , she 'd already agreed to go out with joe , if he asked her .
` ` the last thing cheyenne needs is to go through anything remotely similar to what i ' ve been through . ''
another thing she liked about dylan .
this is the only thing i have , and i ' m going to do everything in my power to protect it . ''
the first thing cheyenne saw when she reached baggage claim was a small group of people carrying signs .
for one thing , after the sex goddesses he 'd been with , he was certain to find her lacking .
` ` money 's the one thing i ' ve got left .
that was another thing that made her different .
being realistic about her own limitations was one thing .
for one thing , she 'd look too mercenary , as if she 'd done it for the money .
it was the only thing that kept her from falling apart .
madeline had also implied that clay had a very short fuse , which was an important thing to note in a possible murder investigation .
there might be cigarette smoke in the bar , and maybe they were playing countrywestern music - two things that set this place apart from the trendy pubs he used to frequent in california .
he loved her , for one thing .
the last thing she noticed before she fell was the ringing in her left ear and the satisfaction on ray harper 's face .
it was the only thing he left behind . ''
for one thing , it had the logo of his auto shop stitched on the front .
the only thing worse than his own suffering was the thought that she was hurting , too .
his reputation as a good man has been the only thing she 's had to cling to .
although joe had never before held the incident at the yocona river over his head - which was one thing kennedy had always admired about him - kennedy could n't help feeling obligated to joe in ways he was n't obligated to anyone else .
it 's the best thing i ' ve felt in a long time . ''
the only thing kennedy knew was that grace already meant more to him than joe did .
they had that one thing in common .
his indifference was probably the very thing that kept them coming back .
the only thing they had going for them was the fact that they 'd been together .
this was the one thing that kept her occupied at night - hearing from malcolm and then reporting on it .
he was in too big a mess , for one thing .
the last thing he wanted was to face a crowd .
i knew about sarah , for one thing .
but that would mean blood , and blood was the first thing the cops would look for .
loath to miss a single thing , he 'd had trouble making himself go to work today and had hurried home as soon as possible .
that was the great thing about marrying someone like her , someone overlooked by others , someone whose gratitude for his love made her more loyal than a dog .
she 's the only thing that matters to me ! ''
` ` we had one thing in common , '' she said .
the last thing i want is to have her cozy up with you . ''
` ` the only thing he ever wanted from you was a little love and approval . ''
the only thing that scared him was the thought of not being with her .
` ` the same thing your other friend , jasmine , wanted .
for one thing , she would ' ve had no way of ascertaining the information .
his head told him he should feel sorry for her , be ashamed , stop his behavior , but the only thing he really felt was a stirring of the desire that made him do what he did - and a trace of admiration .
` ` we 're not exactly friends with local law enforcement , for one thing .
` ` enjoying sex and being addicted to it are n't the same thing .
but the hardest thing , the thing i will never get over , is the senselessness .
` ` it 'd keep you from being called out in the middle of the night to some gruesome murder scene , for one thing .
sheer willpower was the only thing that had stopped him .
but the one thing she had n't relearned since burke was how to do the opposite - trust , open up , let herself love and be loved .
the only thing that made keith 's extramarital affair so different from those of a lot of men was that he 'd married the other woman without divorcing his first wife ... .
if there was one thing she 'd learned from the past year it was that her own arms were the only ones she could depend on .
for one thing , she did n't have the money .
she did n't want to think about isaac , and she knew , as soon as she came fully awake , he 'd be the first thing on her mind .
the only thing that made her uncomfortable was the absence of football plaques , trophies and pictures .
for one thing , russ had never resorted to violence until gabe came on the scene .
it was the only thing that kept the nausea and blackness at bay .
` ` being sensitive is one thing .
the only thing he seemed to want this christmas was another night with her .
it 's the only thing that matters . ''
his gift was the best thing about her return .
she was n't supposed to be home , for one thing .
the last thing she wanted from mike hill was his pity .
` ` well , they did n't get what they wanted , that 's the main thing . ''
but mike had n't mentioned leaving , and lucky did n't want to be the one to bring it up - not when being with him was the only thing she really wanted .
booker glanced into the kitchen to see travis seated at the table with delbert and wondered how he now had three people and a dog living with him when , not too long ago , his harley had been the closest thing he had to company .
the last thing she needed was the added distraction and anxiety of dealing with a man .
warmth was the one thing he could provide .
the baby 's birth might have scared the hell out of him , but it was also the closest thing to a miracle booker had ever experienced , and he knew he 'd never forget it .
the last thing we need is for someone to get hurt . ''
` ` yeah , the only controversial thing about you is your strange name .
that was the one thing conner had always been - painfully honest .
` ` he 's living the life he wants to live without any interference from you , for one thing .
she was n't supposed to lose her job , for one thing .
not many women were so tall , for one thing .
delaney had noted the same thing , and it worried her more than anything else .
` ` mutual pleasure is one thing .
he was rather morose , for one thing , which delaney did n't really understand .
she waited for a minute , as though she wanted to shoo him out before she answered it , but there was n't time to do it politely , and one thing he 'd learned about delaney was that she was almost always polite .
but if there was one thing police work had taught him , it was to keep an open mind .
for one thing , heather lived in a small apartment and did n't have room for guests .
for one thing , she did n't need hunsacker and finch making fun of her for crying wolf again .
the last thing she needed was to run straight into his arms ... .
the last thing she wanted was to reunite with jonah only to go through another breakup .
the only odd thing was the bottle of tequila in the living room .
the victims all crossed the border from mexico , but that 's about the only thing they have in common .
for one thing , he could n't afford it .
for one thing , he 'd finally grown into his hands and feet .
` ` yeah , well , even if you do n't tell , there 's no such thing as privacy in bordertown .
for one thing , she had no idea how or when he would ' ve gotten it .
but the first thing that came up was a page requiring a password .
the only thing she could figure was that he 'd heard her call for rafe and realized his son was still alive but would die if he did n't do something .
they sell cheese , for one thing .
` ` the only thing you had right were the women .
that was the first thing they 'd been taught in their human behavior and psychology classes - to look anyone they needed to fool in the eye and to keep whatever had to be said to a minimum .
the only thing going through his mind right now was the acute pleasure it gave him just to touch her .
but hope was the only thing rachel could offer .
but at the same time , all of us were aware that i 'd failed to learn the one thing that defined espinoza men : the ability to work with one 's hands .
maybe it was stupid pride - the one thing i had picked up from the rest of the espinoza men .
the thing about snow is , it 's very quiet .
it was brighter - and maybe even warmer - than her mother 's apartment , for one thing .
` ` you know what 's the strangest thing about tonight ?
i keep my stirrings to a sub - mouse level , because the last thing i want is riley waking up and seeing santa pulling her presents from under the tree , which would totally bedevil our plans .
the last thing i want is to have to explain any of this to her mother .
even perky belle 's smile seems to say , the only thing worse than being santa is being a half - assed santa .
put this on your list of things to know : the combination of tinsel , baby angel wings , and manger hay burns like weed at a miley cyrus concert .
you know , it 's the oddest thing , but this macaroni looks and smells exactly like what my mom used to make us on our birthdays . ''
spanish is my territory - the thing my mom and i share that he does n't .
the thing about having friends who are as close as blood , as true as your own heart - as the twins had been to her - is you do n't bother much with other people .
that whole jewish thing . ''
he has this thing about maps and directions and finding the best route .
that being singular is the exact thing that makes something - or someone - amazing .
that was one thing i hated about myself .
the last thing i wanted was for her to go anywhere near my son , but i felt zeus 's gaze and the hope that emanated from him .
as if she knows the first thing about love .
the last thing i saw was him .
the last thing i needed was for her to take a sarcastic response seriously .
` ` fainting aside , you 're having a bad day , and the last thing you need is a long night .
the last thing i need is to worry about whether or not you 're holding up all right . ''
greyson was one of my only friends , and the last thing i wanted was for him to get caught in the cross fire .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i whispered in vain hope that my voice would be the last thing he heard .
for a candy bar , for an orange - it was all the same thing .
and this close to the raid , the last thing we need is another liability .
` ` the only thing i have that 's worth a damn is my face and my name .
it is the one thing that keeps my knees from knocking and my hands from trembling .
the knife handle is smooth and well balanced , a thing of beauty , but the seed pod is tough and fibrous , and my hand is not as skilled as the nun 's .
the shock of her words forces all the air from my lungs , which is the only thing that keeps me from shouting no !
in truth , the last thing i want is advice from duval 's mother on how to be a good mistress .
if i am wrong , i risk losing the convent 's trust , which is surely the thing i value most in this world .
the two men greet each other cautiously , then the stranger gets right to the point - yet another thing to admire about him .
if there is one thing i know , it is men .
for one thing , there are no more stairs , and for another , there is a thick solid wall for the knight to lean against .
it is the most comforting thing i have ever felt , that hand on mine , the quiet steadfastness it promises .
i realize now , now that it has been taken away from me , that the only thing that kept me from despair all these years was the belief that one day i would finally be able to get off this island - this place where i have had to guard every thought , hide every true feeling , and weigh every gesture .
for one thing , there are infinite shades of gray , from palest silver to nearly black .
chapter sixteen when i wake , the first thing i notice is the growling of the hounds .
` ` if there is one thing we hellequin have learned , demoiselle , it is that life is short and should be savored .
` ` time is the one thing we do not have much of , my lady . ''
georgie did n't quite understand it either - why neal was suddenly the only thing on her radar .
it 's a snoopy / snoop dogg thing , and every time charlie brown tries to feed him , he 's like , ' thanks , chizzuck . '
but he had a sort of huffy , roof - of - the - mouth breathy thing that counted as a laugh . )
( that was one good thing about being the only woman on the writing staff - georgie almost always had the bathroom to herself . )
i was trying not to haul cc back upstairs and bury myself in her again , because she could n't keep her hands off me ; the only thing stopping me was the lack of a condom .
i wished everyday could begin and end with us wrapped in each other 's arms , the only thing missing was ryder .
the only thing keeping me completely calm is ryder .
i love all her curves that it shows off ; they 're my favorite thing about her figure .
she looks straight ahead out the bay window , ` ` you told me before that i was your mirror mason , but the thing with mirrors is they shatter all the time . ''
it is perfect , only thing missing is my sexy little blonde making it our home .
there is not a damn thing wrong with this man .
the thing about it though , i ca n't seem to .
if there was one thing i was good at , it was dancing .
that 's the only thing that made college bearable for me .
the only thing we are n't opposites on is our love for dancing .
one thing i 'll never get used to is the awful smell when running past the subway entrances , it smells like piss .
it 's the only thing that breaks the ice with the girls though . ''
it 's been four weeks and the only thing that is making this separation bearable is because i can watch her through the cameras .
the only thing that kept me going was rex .
her bright blue eyes are my favorite thing about her .
rhea does this little thing where she starts to gasp like a little fish out of water right before she comes .
the only thing right this second that is keeping me going is rex .
` ` i want you to be my last kiss , my only love and i want you to be the last thing i see every night before i close my eyes . ''
he did this every night at the same time , it became our thing .
i was stuck in this awful place and the only thing keeping me from losing it was calvin , the memories of him and , yes , even the hopes , because as imperfect as our relationship had been , i still had hope for us .
but there was something about almost dying that made me desperate to feel alive - and jude 's touch was the only thing that made me feel alive right now .
then i consoled myself with this : if it all went wrong , the last thing i 'd care about was who was to blame for moving in together .
` ` the thing about champagne , '' you say , unfoiling the cork , unwinding its wire restraint , ` ` is that it is the ultimate associative object .
only the age has changed , mechanically adjusted as if it 's the only thing that 's passing .
and the thing i hate the most is knowing how much hinges on my reaction , how your unburdening can only lead to me being burdened .
i knew i was getting perilously close to opening up my history of stupid things done in the name of crushes , but the insidious thing about the history was that i always felt each new blank page had the potential to transform it into a different book .
the thing i loved the most about dutch was that he never stopped grinning - even if his mouth was serious , his eyes were in on the joke .
and miles did the most amazing thing .
ready was the last thing i felt , but go was pretty much at the top of the list .
the last thing she wanted was a shadow .
` ` funny thing about arrangements .
the interesting thing about you , downright intriguing , in fact ... is that i ' ve been speaking ithtorian for the last few minutes . ''
the last thing he remembered was drinking with the aliens in their private dorm , a quiet farewell to ali , whose body had been gone when they backtracked to retrieve it .
` ` the last thing . ''
he 'd been a merc long enough to recognize that there was no such thing as honor in combat .
` ` the same thing as everyone else .
the only thing she did n't like about him was how easily he could come upon her unaware .
` ` that thing you do , you can tell when somebody 's lying ? ''
i realize we 're only a bunch of wretches and convicts , but you 're the closest thing to a hero we ' ve ever seen . ''
her body was one thing ; it had been used as a commodity so often that she was n't sure she had it in her to offer more .
` ` the thing that troubles me , '' tam said , ` ` is that she wins even if you lose .
staring at the body of the man who had been the closest thing tam had to a friend in this hellhole , pain swelled in his skull until his temples felt like they might burst .
the ache in my chest was back , but it was all things irresistibly sweet and good .
` ` that 's one thing i miss . ''
` ` so what 's your favorite thing to eat ? ''
with the moonlight streaming in , his face was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` there 's this one kid , riley , he 's always smiling , but the weird thing is , it 's not because he 's happy .
the best thing about that movie was how much better it always made me feel about my own holiday plans .
someday , he might even think of her without ugliness being the first thing on his mind .
the worst thing about robert conrad ?
which was so messed up ; at school , the one damn thing i excelled at was witty banter , making guys laugh .
her voice was the last thing he heard , too .
my favorite thing about stuart is his incredible frank sinatra voice . ''
watching his face as the pleasure blazed higher - that was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
the worst thing about that ?
one thing about rob , he was great with his hands , but when he added lips and teeth , i lost my breath .
the worst thing about driving tessa green - tea was climbing in and out in heels , plus she was cranky first thing in the morning .
when the tear - away pants came off , the first thing i noticed was gold lame underpants .
that was the only thing keeping me calm .
that 's the thing .
` ` no , that 's the thing .
it was pretty much his favorite thing to eat .
the amazing thing was they treated like me like a founding member , listening to my suggestions , even making notes occasionally .
` ` you know the sexiest thing about you ? ''
another thing she has in common with charlene . ''
the best thing about her , however , was her sense of humor .
the only thing that made me different from jared was that i 'd abused prescription meds , not illegal drugs , and my parents had the money to put me in an expensive rehab program .
if there was one thing i hated more than anything else , it was lies .
her horrible rendition of lady gaga was a nightmare , but that was just another thing i adored .
they were an odd pair at first glance but the love they shared was a tangible thing and i tried really hard not to be jealous about it .
but i was n't the best teacher and being tied to a desk was the same thing as retirement to me anyway .
the last thing i wanted was to become just one more ... of anything .
one thing about having small boobs was i did n't have to really worry about a bra if i did n't want to .
the nice thing about the bike was that it did n't matter if some of the emotion working its way to the surface leaked out , the night air just whisked it away .
having a man like rome use the l - word was a heady thing .
i was also fairly certain my girl was about to watch me die , and the last thing i heard before it all just went absolutely black was her tell me that she loved me over and over again .
once again the thing i was best at , talking , using words , had fled .
i did n't just see him and all that he was : to me he was the only thing worth looking at .
` ` a good life is not the same thing as a fulfilled life , saint .
he always seemed to be the only thing i could focus on when we were in the same room , and it was n't just because he was so big and interesting to look at ... it was something polarizing that came from deep inside of him .
i think the thing that took away from his appeal was that he totally knew he was good - looking and acted like that entitled him to things , and to people .
his insides , though , i had long thought were devious and nasty , but what shined out of his periwinkle eyes was nothing but forthrightness and sincerity ... that was the most beautiful thing about him .
she was also pre - med and really close to getting her undergrad , so she had about a million and one questions about what it was like working in an er , which meant i got to talk about my favorite thing , my job .
that was the thing about her , no matter how far away she seemed , there was just something there , some tie that made me believe that eventually she would come around and realize that we could be something amazing and special together .
the way nash saw me , the reflection of myself in those endlessly purple eyes , was the most beautiful thing in the world , and i was having a much harder time pretending like i did n't see exactly what he saw in me .
if i did n't get back to denver in time , that was just one more thing i was going to have to overcome .
that was the thing with having a tight - knit group of friends that substituted as family .
no , the first thing my traitorous gaze clapped on to was salem 's unmistakable curves where they were propped up so enticingly when she leaned over the bar as asa beckoned her closer .
the thing was , no matter how hard i pushed her , how close i got to her physically , she never told me to back off .
the only thing i wished was different was that i could see her eyes , but they were hidden behind a massive pair of sunglasses that just showed my reflection back at me as i stared at her .
it was a weird thing to be running around after a girl .
right now it was the only thing on earth i wanted .
my favorite thing was how she seamlessly fit into my life and in with my friends .
one thing was obvious that sayer and i did have in common was that we were both strong and both determined to force our way in no matter how bad our boy wanted to keep us out .
i have a gorgeous woman that gave me a beautiful daughter and she always deserves to know that she is the most important thing in the world to me . ''
there was nothing that was going to make the situation , or her sister , any better and salem knew that , so she just offered up her strength , which was really the only thing that poppy needed at the moment .
it was a heady thing to know this was the way he always responded to me .
the first thing i went for was the fast car .
it was faster than fast , and it was the only thing i had left after i got locked up .
` ` sounds like the rude type if he called you a farm girl without knowing the first thing about you . ''
the last thing she needed was a guy like me pawing at her .
` ` the good thing about going without much is that there is n't much to get attached to .
right now , sticking by bax was the only thing giving me a modicum of security .
it was really the only thing we had in common ; that and we both always looked up to gus .
the last thing i needed or wanted was to fall under the spell of both of them .
but when i pried my heavy eyes open , the first thing i saw was his wide , dark eyes focused unwaveringly on my face .
there was no such thing as careful when playing russian roulette with a guy like novak , so i did n't bother to respond .
they disappeared and i let myself enjoy the simple pleasure of having the one thing in my life that had n't drastically changed since the invasion of shane baxter .
honestly , bax 's stubborn , go - to - hell attitude is the only thing that kept him free of novak 's grasp , plus i think that 's why novak wanted him so bad .
finding the right blend of those two parts of ourselves is really the only thing we can strive for .
i made the trip to the little house at the base of the hill in record time , even though speeding after two weeks of steady drinking was probably an awful idea , and a dui was the last thing i needed .
i do n't know how to be anything other than this , but i know the only thing that gives me hope is the idea of you and me .
the one thing is my body .
my mom did this deep breath thing and tried to smile , but i could tell she was ticked off .
my mom did this whole pouty face thing , and i knew she would ignore me for the rest of the day .
it 's just a healy thing , i guess .
and if i ' m honest , the very last thing i remember before the crash is the expression on brandon 's face when i took his phone away .
but her cheeks reddened a little , and she was doing that thing where you act like you 're reading but you 're so clearly not .
i really ca n't handle talking about this for too long because it just hurts too much , but i do want to say that there is one thing i ' ve learned about people : they do n't get that mean and nasty overnight .
it 's the only thing keeping me from ripping the new york memorial hospital pen out of his hands so i do n't have to hear the goddamn click again .
those lips are about the only soft thing on his face .
the only thing holding me up is his hand around my wrists .
i ' m ravenous and he 's the only thing that will satisfy me .
and his scent is the only thing in my head .
giving me a slight squeeze , he says , ` ` driving will be one more thing i can teach you . ''
in slumber , she seeks my touch , the one thing that has given her pleasure in the weeks after her mother 's death .
she sucks me as if my c**k is the only thing she 's ever wanted and she 's afraid it will be the last time she can pleasure me .
her dark brown hair is full of wiry curls , which are about the only distinctively jewish thing about her other than her last name .
the nice thing about the vip floor is the bathroom is super swank .
the one thing you learn when dealing with cops is to never throw the first punch .
i require only one thing from the people in my inner circle : loyalty .
i tip my head to the side , wondering just how long this whole staring thing is going to last .
` ` as cool as you are , uncle ethan , the last thing he needs is you being all awkward , like you usually are around people . ''
` ` all right , i 'll give you the staring thing . ''
music is the only thing that can calm me down .
` ` you 're doing that creepy staring thing again , '' she informs me as she sits up in my bed and starts raveling a strand of her hair around her finger .
that 's the thing with lyric .
i just wish i knew if my brother and sister have the same thing .
this whole fighting thing ... well , it 's been killing me .
the pain is one thing i ' ve always been able to remember .
her and our happiness is the most important thing to me .
that 's the thing with ella : she always cares about me enough to check on me , and when she 's staring at me with concern , like she is now , it 's difficult to even breathe .
the only thing that keeps me from breaking down is the fact that i tell myself things could change .
i just do n't get the whole touching thing .
that 's the first thing i noted when i climbed into the window and heard her voice .
the first thing i notice is how bright the lights are and how musty the air is .
the last thing i picture is lola 's beautiful face , her smile , her gorgeous eyes , the girl i ' ve loved forever .
if it 's one thing i learned from my old life , it 's how to break people down , crack them open , get the truth out of them .
that 's the thing with the world we live in .
well it started to be a self - numbing thing after everything happened , like taking drugs without the drugs . ''
the first thing i notice is how white his skin is , like the cotton falling off the trees .
she has this thing with clashing with other women . ''
and your dumb ass has pissed off trace and the last thing you need is to run into him .
the first thing i notice is the heat , like i ' ve just stepped into a sauna , only there 's no moisture and it 's like it 's feeding on mine .
as i enter , stepping over the threshold and out of the light of the porch , the first thing i notice is the smell .
` ` and the last thing we need is more attention drawn to us . ''
` ` and i also feel hurt ... i mean , he was so , so upset with me last night for being here and all i want to do is help him ... the only thing that can get me past that is remembering ... remembering how much my mom wanted to help me and how much i shut her out .
my voice echoes for miles like it 's the only thing that exists .
` ` i just decided i like the quiet ... i already have too much noise in my head and the last thing i need to do is add more . ''
i ' ve already f**ked up on paying lexi back for killing her , the last thing i need to do is f**k up on paying ryder back .
the only good thing about the sight is that he 's breathing , and when i check his pulse , it 's erratic and unsteady , but i ' m not sure if it 's because he 's on smack or because he 's been beaten up .
i keep drawing because it 's the only thing that 's keeping me hanging on .
` ` because first off , the last thing you need to do is pass out in an alley , '' i tell her .
the only thing that keeps me stable is the fact that when i get to the roof , it 'll only be minutes before everything filling my head right now vanishes .
the first thing i notice is how bright it is .
this is the thing about my dad .
too much freedom for one thing .
so different , yet we all share the same thing .
for one thing , i can picture spalding getting pissed off because he thinks i ' m cheating on the band or something .
that was always the thing with hanging out with people who were high .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , it 's that saying good - bye is important .
the first thing i notice is the scent of him everywhere , cologne and cigarettes .
the only thing that pains me is the feel of the scar and the sight of the tattoos and he winces every time i touch them .
that 's the one thing about perfection .
it seriously feels like too much , but there 's one thing that keeps me from breaking apart completely and that 's quinton .
it 's another thing that will haunt me forever .
that 's the thing with me .
the last thing she needs is to be compared to me .
he gives me an innocent look , which i ' m starting to learn is his thing .
in fact , the only thing that has changed is they ' ve banned me from the house .
but the thing that keeps me from completely turning the car around each time is the feeling that i need to go make sure he 's okay , something no one ever did for me in the past .
` ` that charming , pretty boy , flirty thing . ''
the only thing around is a graveyard of tires , trees , and the sky .
i keep telling myself it 's a good thing , though , that she has her rules since the last thing i could ever be is a good boyfriend , no matter how much i wish i could be .
the only thing that stopped me was the horrified look on avery 's face .
besides , jax does n't know who his father is , so the last thing he needs is for me to rub in his face that i do , even if mine 's dead .
the last thing he needs is a mess in his life . ''
` ` he 's such a goof , '' she says , glowing with pride , the same thing she does every time anyone mentions her son .
but the last thing i need is some random hookup where i feel like crap afterward .
you ' ve been through your own shit and the last thing you need is for me to babble about my problems . ''
and i want him to desperately , not just because with each kiss it feels like he 's erasing more and more of preston 's kisses , but because when his lips are on mine , they 're the only thing i can feel , my very own replacement to my adrenaline addiction .
danny is the man i refer to as preston , my once foster father who i used to think was the closest thing to a parent i 'd ever had .
when i open the door and walk inside the diner , the first thing i notice is how quiet it is .
everything about me is unsteady at the moment and the only thing holding me up is him .
i know that it wo n't bring them back and that 's still another thing i ' m dealing with , but after the drowning incident i ' m trying to avoid testing my life at the moment , choosing to live life i guess .
the annoying thing is , i ' m not sure what he wants .
' caffeine seems like the best thing ever right now . '
that 's the thing with seth and why he 's such a good friend .
the only thing that matters is that he wants it .
then again , i 'd never seen her fight , and if there was one thing the past few weeks had taught me , it was that underestimating any of these girls was a very , very bad idea .
that was the thing about the uniforms - people never looked past them .
in fact , that was the one thing that noah and the twins had in common .
for me , that pretty much meant i was early , and the only thing that kept me from snipping right back at brooke was the conversation i 'd had with zee the day before .
the only thing i was sure about when it came to jack 's family was that jack did n't know what his uncle did , or , for that matter , what i did .
in fact , the only thing i knew for certain was that i 'd wreaked enough havoc on noah 's email account that he would n't be sending out messages of any kind for a very , very long time .
as a result , i discovered that the only thing that stacked up to the kind of morning i 'd had was the feeling of jack 's lips on mine .
i was about to hang up , but just as april 's car pulled into view , i remembered that there was one thing about the conversation with brooke 's mom that was still bothering me .
` ` that 's the thing about me , '' april said lightly , unaware of the serious turn my thoughts had taken .
i transcended her , and the only thing she misses is having someone to boss around . ''
that was the thing about cheerleading .
the most disturbing thing about reading the big guys ' files was n't the complete lack of writing skills ; it was the fact that they did n't have an answer to my question .
` ` if there 's one thing i understand , it 's that .
my body was giving out , my face was contorting , and the last thing i heard before darkness seeped over my mind was a lisping ` ` that 's hot . ''
the thing about being a flyer is this .
` ` they all have one thing in common : a lot of money . ''
the only thing about that discussion that was n't slipping straight over my head was the fact that brooke was even bossier than i 'd previously thought , and that somehow , i 'd been drafted not only to pick up jack peyton at april 's party the following night , but also to coordinate with chloe on breaking into infotech 's system while scanning the rest of the digi - disk for files that might shed some more light on our current situation .
odd , but probably the same thing i did when someone threatened noah .
only one thing kept me from screaming then , and it was n't the fact that tiffany had very wisely kept her hand over my mouth .
besides , there was such a thing as loyalty .
` ` peyton has surveillance of its own , and the last thing we need is for them to i d one of us .
he might have been an international heartthrob , but there was such a thing as oversharing , and this definitely qualified , even if he was unconscious .
the last thing i wanted was for him to compare me to chloe or brooke .
i have this thing about dares .
i grudgingly let go of that word , because being anxious or frantic was n't the same thing as being scared .
` ` it 's ironic , '' jed said again , ` ` that if you want to be stronger , the first thing you 're going to have to learn is how to let yourself be weak . ''
in fact , next to callum , she was probably the closest thing to an ally we had .
the last thing i saw , as we filed into shay 's house , was devon and his mother watching us go , three feet between them , miles apart .
given the dream i 'd just had , the last thing i wanted to think about was dolls .
the last thing i wanted to think about was maddy coming here , because she could n't come home .
the last thing i saw was griffin standing over my body .
the only thing i was able to wrap my mind around was the fact that something was about to go down .
` ` 'cause that 's the funny thing about werewolf laws - it 's not about numbers per se .
` ` there 's no such thing as ' same old , same old ' with you , '' chase said wryly .
there was no such thing as a secret in a wolf pack - let alone privacy .
most humans did n't have what it took to survive a major werewolf attack , but those of us who did had one thing in common - a knack for survival .
the only thing that made his deference now more awkward was the fact that a lifetime ago , he 'd been married to ali .
werewolves were creatures of habit , and if there was one thing i 'd learned about callum in a lifetime of growing up in his pack , it was that he never did anything without purpose .
being alpha was one thing with my own pack - we were young , and we were family , and i would have died for any of them , no questions asked .
the last thing on my mind was me .
the first thing i saw when i stepped across the threshold of the wayfarer was lucas , his hands wrapped around lily 's tiny frame .
if chase found what i was saying at all surprising , he certainly did n't show it , and the only thing i felt through his end of the bond was a brief surge of dislike for lucas , distrust , pity .
even when i had been living under callum 's rule , even when he 'd been the closest thing to family that ali and i had , i 'd never have let him get away with being that high - handed .
if there was one thing that seeing lucas had taught me , it was how lucky they all were to have come out of it with their minds and spirits intact .
the milady he tacked on to the end of that sentence was the only thing that reminded me that dev was n't usually the type who lived life on the cusp of violence .
in fact , the only thing i knew now that i had n't known before this little melodrama had gone down was that i could take the coven 's pint - sized emissary in hand - to - hand - but if she 'd had a weapon trained on me from afar ... ` ` i ' m ali . ''
chapter sixteen the best thing about having friends who knew me as well as devon and lake did was that they recognized from the moment i told them my plan that trying to talk me out of approaching caroline was futile .
the worst thing about being alpha was that on some level , all three of us knew that even if they had n't been inclined to go along with the plan , i could have forced it .
my heart pounded in my ears , and when she stepped forward and took my chin in her hands , the only thing that kept me from going into fight - or - flight mode , from throwing her to the ground and giving in to the desire to escape , was the calming sound of other hearts , beating in other chests .
i could n't take any chances , because if there was one thing the blood on my hands had hit home , it was the reality that from here out , we were playing for keeps .
my heart raced , the amount of adrenaline coursing through my bloodstream an inhuman thing .
my skin was already beginning to blister from his assault , and the only thing that kept me from snapping his neck was a single sentence , issued from somewhere behind me .
she stayed in the shadows , her back against the wall , the distance between us the only thing that kept me from reaching out with my one good arm and grabbing her by the throat .
in any case , if there was one thing the past month had taught me , it was that the stronger a pack was , the stronger their alpha - and the stronger the alpha , the stronger the pack .
the words were issued from directly behind my left shoulder , and the only thing that kept me from making a sound somewhere in the ` ` eep ! ''
bond or no bond , nobody got into my head but me , and the last thing i wanted was to feel the low , dangerous vibration of a growl beneath the surface of someone else 's skin .
the thing about asking permissions was that it required callum to interact with me officially .
the last thing i needed was people marking territory inside my head .
the closest thing to family i had , next to ali .
the only thing i did know was that i had n't blacked out from the pain sora had rained down on my body , fist after fist , kick after kick .
his voice in my head calmed me , even as my rational self blathered on that the last thing i should have been worrying about when my entire life was being ripped out from underneath me was a boy i 'd seen exactly twice .
` ` i ' ve checked two missing - children databases and none of them have a madison that looks a thing like your girl there . ''
if i got myself killed , she 'd be the furthest thing from okay , and the twins needed their mother .
but he needed time - and time was one thing we did n't have .
the last thing we needed right now was to fight amongst ourselves .
` ` funny thing about resilience , '' i said , my heart breaking for her and for all of them .
that thing , that intangible thing that other people have that lets them form connections , that lets them matter- you do n't have it .
you see , there 's this thing called the internet . ''
the only thing he knew about this city was that evan sykes had died three streets over .
he 'd always thought that the best thing about being a normal would be talking to other people , having them talk back .
the one thing that no one could take away .
and that the best he could do , the only thing he could do , was picture claire and hold fast to that picture and force himself to wake up one last time .
to let the last thing he saw be her .
the one thing i hated about high school , was having to share a car with my sister .
the thing was , i would have given him my virginity .
she said you did n't like jocks and that dating was the last thing on your mind . ''
` ` there 's just one thing that bothers me . ''
the last thing i wanted was complications .
the last thing either of us wanted to do was stay at his parent 's house , but we knew it was a safe place to be before we could get everything else figured out .
one thing we all knew was that my sister was sick .
the only thing that i wanted was to be able to feel his strong arms wrapping around me .
i ca n't lose the one thing that i ' ve always wanted .
we owed her nothing , and the last thing i wanted to do was hear her bullshit lies .
my dad had this thing about making me smile .
chapter 3 isabella when i climbed into the passenger seat the first thing i noticed was the smell of one of those hanging tree air - fresheners .
the last thing i wanted was a third degree the moment i stepped in the door .
the only thing running through my mind was being able to be satisfied by this beautiful man .
one thing that kept me from going insane was rusty .
the other thing that bothered me was the fact that i was falling for a man who could never really love me .
the first thing he noticed was my weight .
the last thing i needed was to be in some kind of brawl .
the light of the moon was the only thing allowing me to see her .
the only thing holding me back was the idea of never knowing if he was going to compare me to someone else .
the first thing after noticing her pregnancy was the huge diamond that she had on her hand .
i tell ya , women are only good for one thing and that 's f**king .
it was a horrible thing to have in common with someone , but for some reason i felt connected to him because of it .
i tried not to stare , but just hearing them talk about their love for each other was the sweetest thing .
right now she was singing backup for artists that were on tour , but once she got her own opportunity to shine , a country boy like me would be the last thing she needed in her life .
the only thing more exciting than a record label was being in noah 's arms .
i knew i 'd never be able to sing them , because they were the only thing holding me together , and if i shared them with the world it would make me vulnerable .
he was the only thing that i 'd never be able to be .
the most repulsive thing to me was knowing that while someone was taking that picture of me and tucker , ty was standing outside watching and waiting to be with us .
the thing that got to me the most was the fact that she was denying the connection that she 'd felt to ty since the day she was born .
we experimented and kept things new , so that the only thing we had to complain about was finding time to be alone .
your love is the only thing that keeps me sane . ''
the thing was , there was n't one person in our family who was against ty being bella 's father .
if god could give me one last thing before i left the earth , i 'd want that .
the only thing that kept me going was the fact that it was clearly working .
another thing he was freaking out about was being in the car with bella for such a long time .
that 's the thing with the two of you .
one thing i could appreciate was that my mother , in the midst of being sick , paid for me to finish up my nursing degree .
one thing i never doubted was her love for me .
the familiar smell of her perfume filled my lungs and i smiled realizing that there were so many little things that i loved about her .
i needed to be alone and obviously heather needed the same thing .
my mother had this thing with sheets .
not because i wanted people to feel sorry for me , but because i missed every single thing about her .
one thing i never had to worry about was my husband straying .
he did this thing where he laughed and moaned at the same time , as he hunched over and tried to catch his breath .
the last thing this man needs is permission to be a pervert . ''
the last thing i needed was ty 's two cents .
family was always the most important thing in my life .
this was another thing that savanna would have frowned upon , but the last thing i wanted to do was hang out with a bunch of women and kids all day .
another thing i liked was that this particular room did have a lock on the door .
the only thing that kept my mind off of the test was scrubbing everything within reach .
` ` this must have been back when grilled cheese was the only thing that mattered in life besides shitting in his pants . ''
one thing that i hated more than drama , was knowing secrets .
the one thing i hated about the show was that it made kentucky seem like none of us had any teeth .
the last thing i wanted was to fight with her .
her ass was always my favorite thing anyway .
for something that had become so important , it was the one thing i had never truly had , until now .
that 's another thing that really bothered me .
the thing is , why would he change his name and never talk about it to anyone ?
that was one thing that drove me crazy .
the only thing my mother and aunt are probably worried about is which house would be more comfortable for us .
the last thing he wants is to get caught . ''
one thing that i really enjoyed was how close the family was .
i knew all about the animal heads that he was planning on filling our walls with , but the last thing i wanted was to stare at a dead animal while i was sitting on a toilet .
brina was the last thing i needed , and i knew exactly what would happen if i came out to see her .
` ` good thing you have this , cause it 's the only thing keepin ' me from provin ' it . ''
when i opened my eyes , they were the first thing i looked for .
after having such an intense night with her , the last thing i wanted to do was say goodbye .
he was taking away the one thing that had brought a smile to my face .
i could tell that it was tearing him apart and honestly , it was the only thing that kept me going on this scheme of mine .
i woke up every single day needing one thing .
one thing made me feel safe and that was the fact that he did n't like people to know he was a violent man .
` ` girl , if you were n't the cutest thing . ''
the thing with opening your heart is that it is usually very hard to close it back up .
the first thing i noticed was three pair of men 's briefs that were red velvet .
the one good thing about them living so far away was that when they visited , they wanted to spend all of their time with the kids .
the only thing more that i needed was to be close to him .
it was the cutest thing .
the only thing hotter than finishing in my wife 's eager mouth , was being inside of her and feeling her come with me .
one thing he never wanted was for that child to doubt his faithfulness to her .
` ` one thing you 're not , is stupid .
` ` it 's taken me a long time to accept your marriage , but one thing i have always known , was that you loved my sister .
the only thing keeping me from just telling miranda the truth was my kids .
i ' m sure you and miranda have done more than i could ever even imagine , but one thing i know for a fact is that when you love , you do it with your whole heart .
you may be new at a lot of things , but one thing i never experienced was what it felt like to make love to someone .
` ` i love every single thing about you , savanna .
the second thing i was worried about was something hitting me in the stomach .
one thing i think i will never forget was how unresponsive he was to that baby .
the funny thing was , when i was with izzy , i never even thought of van .
that was the thing about hooking up with her .
her little teeth were the cutest thing about her smile .
i wanted to reach over to comfort her , but the last thing she wanted was someone like me touching her , someone that she compared to the douche bag .
i was sure that the last thing they wanted was for a baby to be in the way of their everyday life .
` ` ty has been through hell this past year and one thing that has always put a smile on his face is when he talks about you and that little girl .
one thing that i would give anything to have .
i was the closest thing to a daughter that she would ever have .
there was only one thing that could stop me from kissing my wife and it was izzy .
the first thing i thought about was how much you would love this dress because of how my tits looked .
seeing yet another rude person from ty 's family was the last thing i needed .
it was the first thing that i had noticed .
the first thing i noticed about her was the short shorts and cowboy boots .
the first thing i noticed was the smell .
i had to admit that spending the day like this was another thing i had never experienced .
my relatives had just about shunned her from their life and the last thing they needed to see was that she had been here with me .
savanna never looked my way , it was one thing that i could n't help but notice .
the first thing i reached for was his shirt .
i had to let my mind wander , because it was the only thing keeping me from breaking down .
the first thing i noticed was her extra large designer bag that had a dog 's head popping out of the top .
i could n't care less if he had clean matched up socks , and the last thing on my mind was finding alone time to cuddle up next to that ass**le .
the only thing that kept me motivated was the idea of providing for my kids .
honestly it was the only thing that made me feel better inside .
` ` the only thing i know about your husband is that he 's a douche . ''
another thing that i was n't used to was cuddling .
the hardest thing for me was knowing that all of this could blow up in my face and i had n't done anything except for kiss him goodbye , which i was pretty sure branch would forgive me for .
the thing was , i could n't have them knowing where i was .
they smelled like fabric softener and bleach and i loved how it was the first thing that popped in my nose when i walked out my door .
one thing i was happy about was that the baby was without a doubt brooks ' .
the only thing keeping me coherent was the two people that depended on me every day .
chapter 24 may 2013 there was one thing good about my situation .
one thing i did know was that my hand and arm was casted and i had no feeling in my fingertips .
the only thing i did know was that brooks could n't find out .
brooks did that thing where he clenched his jaw .
one thing that i liked was that it was n't a flea infested dump .
i ' ve made a ton of mistakes , but there 's one thing that i ' ve done right in my life , and that 's loving you .
` ` the thing about cell phones is that they can be traced by anyone .
it 's the only thing that i ca n't let go of , especially since i ' ve spent my whole life looking out for you . ''
the last thing i remembered was losing feeling in them .
aside from a bunch of bruises , the only thing that was wrong with me was that i 'd dislocated my hip .
one thing that offered me peace was finding an old life insurance policy and leaving it all to his parents , including his business .
the great thing about that was knowing she 'd be thinking about it all night .
for the next couple of seconds the only thing i could feel was being satisfied .
the last thing i needed was complications .
the odd thing was that it bothered me even though it was true .
honestly , it was sexy as hell and another thing i was n't used to .
she forced me to look at her and did this thing where she stared so hard at you that you swore she could see into your soul .
another thing about my mother was that she longed to have grandchildren , and did her best to remind me of it every chance she got .
the best thing about finding her was that she had nothing on .
the thing was , lacey was on another level .
one thing i knew for sure was that i wanted this with her .
the thing is , hearing that you slept with shayne , ripped me apart .
lacey was still too much on my mind and the last thing i wanted to do was attempt to be with another woman and think about her the whole time .
lacey 's smile was the first thing i noticed .
the only thing i wanted more than holding lacey in my arms , was holding her while she was naked in my arms .
his smile was the first thing i noticed .
my little heart was beating so fast and the only thing keeping me safe was the fact the he did n't know i was there , under my bed .
one thing that i hated was wearing heels .
the only thing i had going for me was the fact that i believed i was the greatest pool player to ever live and just having that attitude gave me the balls to go out and start hustling people for money .
if it had n't been for that damn guy interfering , i do n't know what would have happened , but one thing i did know was that his stupidity had caused me to fear for mine and ryan 's safety .
i was n't sure why they were there , but one thing i did know was that they were going to keep coming back and i was the only person that could do something to prevent it .
while tippy made the calls to set up the match , i knew there was only one thing that was going to be a problem about playing at joker 's bar .
the last thing she needs is a one night stand with you . ''
this guy , that i really wanted to hate , was the only thing keeping me from losing it .
since i 'd taken a few shots through the night with customers and then the last two with elle , the last thing i wanted to do was go to sleep .
the only thing keeping me strong was knowing that jammer still wanted to be with me .
his compassion and heart , that he kept hidden inside of his rough and tattooed looking appearance , was the most intense thing i 'd ever experienced .
sure , i still did n't have a way to be with her yet , but my father had lost the one thing he tried to keep .
the last thing i grabbed was a handgun .
i was n't willing to take the chance of losing the only thing i had left of them .
her pu**y felt smooth , but to see it all shaved was another thing all together .
the only thing i was missing was the partner that i wanted to shoot with .
there is n't one thing about you that i would change .
my tongue was the first thing to touch her back .
if i had to find one good thing about being home , it would have been the fact that i did n't have to deal with that drama anymore .
the off thing about it was that his gaze was still fixed on watching me .
feeling fulfilled , working was the last thing on my list of priorities .
the only thing that kept them from telling me to grow a set was that mack cheating on me hurt them too .
i shrugged , thinking of the last thing i really ate , it was n't food , that 's for sure .
ford the last thing i wanted to do was walk away from sky while having a stiff erection that was calling her name .
the only thing i wanted was the one thing i would never have .
the only thing i wanted was the one thing i would never have .
the only thing that kept me going was my knowing that he was n't doing it because he wanted to .
what if i had that one thing and let it go ?
he started undressing and it frightened me , because being intimate was the last thing on my mind , especially with him .
the only thing that bothered me was that she was with joey .
one thing about spending my free time with the happiest couple in the world , was my inability to accept that i was always the third wheel .
lacey had this thing about being honest .
the last thing i wanted was to be the person that held him back .
the thing is , we are n't good together .
his shirt was the next thing to disappear .
sometimes that whole twin thing ai n't what it 's cracked up to be . ''
i 'd had so much time to think about everything that i wanted , but the one thing i could never shake was my desire for this woman .
damn , the only thing that kept me straight while i was locked up was bein ' able to think about you the whole time . ''
the only thing special about you is that you ' ve been written into his little black book . ''
as they all went through different emotions they all had one thing in common .
the last thing he needed was to feel like he was annoying me .
after being rejected by peyton the last thing i wanted to do was sit alone at my apartment thinking about what could have been .
it resulted in me getting peyton back , which turned out that it had been the only thing i ever really needed .
even with my abnormal upbringing , one thing remained in my family .
the thing was , this happened every single time we did visit each other .
the last thing i need is a nosey girlfriend causing more problems . ''
the last thing i wanted was to picture her moving on .
another thing i continued dwelling on was the fact that it had been twins .
the bonus cash flow was the only thing i liked about the stupid academy .
chapter 5 the first thing i was aware of was the voices .
the salads were just about the only thing on the menu that i would even eat , and only because it was really hard to screw up raw vegetables .
but the one thing that i kept coming back to over and over again , the biggie , was the fact that i had n't felt anything , that i had n't gotten any kind of flash or vibe at all off jasmine 's body that night that i 'd found her in the library .
because it 's the last thing you 're ever going to enjoy . ''
but one thing was the same in every image - in every battle , a woman wielded the sword .
but that was the thing about secrets - they were almost never good .
but the thing that creeped me out the most were the statues .
but the empty spot where the case had been was n't the only thing of interest .
it was another scarier thing to realize you went to class with them and had no idea who they were - or when they might decide to try and kil you .
the only thing good about the suit was the color , which was a pretty shade of purple .
and i felt al the things that she had : her knees moving from side to side , the spray of snow against her legs , the cold air burning her lungs , even the blur of the ice - crusted pine trees as she zipped past them .
escape was the only thing on my mind , burning away everything else .
one thing that was different was weapons training .
nike was pretty enough , but the thing that made her striking to me was the sheer power that radiated off her- cold , beautiful , and terrible all at the same time .
as much as i appreciated the goddess 's confidence , it was n't exactly the most helpful thing in the world right now .
but the most frightening thing about him was the mask .
yeah , that was the thing about spartans - they all had that killer instinct .
another thing that made me a freak , right along with my psychometry .
the first thing i was aware of was the throbbing ache in my cheek .
never forget that , because it 's the very thing loki and his reapers are trying to take away from you - your right to choose your own fate . ''
the most interesting thing about my wavy brown hair was how frizzy it was today .
you might look twice at my eyes , which were an unusual shade of violet , but the only thing special about me was the necklace i wore .
now , it was just another thing the protectorate had taken away by accusing me in front of the entire academy .
if there was one thing i 'd learned since coming to mythos , it was that appearances could be very , very deceiving , especially when it came time to decide who to trust - and who not to .
no , the last thing i wanted was to be like the reaper girl , even if it meant not knowing where logan was .
the only thing that was different about the room was all the trophies he 'd won .
the first thing i had found had been a note propped up on his desk : seriously , gypsy girl .
for one thing , walking down the streets was like stepping back in time to the old west .
but if there was one thing i 'd learned during these last few months , it was to keep my mouth shut with strangers - no matter how nice and harmless they might seem .
the only thing that was sort of similar to home was the open - air garden in the middle of the enormous room .
i did n't really want to eat bison , but since it was the closest thing to recognizable food on the menu , i grabbed a burger , along with some cheese fries , a buttermilk ranch dipping sauce , a bottle of cranberry juice , and a big piece of dark chocolate fudge for dessert .
but the main thing i felt was how tired rachel was - and how very sad .
the only thing that was disappointing was the fudge , which was satisfying , but not nearly as rich and sinfully decadent as what grandma frost made .
` ` the funny thing is that my parents were always talking about how important it was for me to learn how to fight .
chapter 22 the first thing that filled my mind was the baby gryphon 's pain .
perhaps the most amazing thing was the scent - a sweet , sharp , crisp aroma that made me think of flowers and water and snow and wind all at the same time .
that was another thing coach ajax drilled us on in gym class , along with weapons training .
` ` the other interesting thing about silver laurels is that whether they heal or destroy depends entirely upon the will and intent of the user , '' eir said .
that 's the only thing that matters .
if there was one thing i 'd learned during my time at mythos , it was that the reapers were predictably unpredictable , and that all of the guards in the world could n't stop them when they put a plan into motion .
i think that 's the thing i miss about her the most .
the way my luck was going right now , the mystery object would be the very last thing i picked up .
if you have things your way , attitude will be the only thing i have left . ''
never forget that because it 's the very thing loki and his reapers are trying to take away from you - your right to choose your own fate .
the only thing that remained the same about her were the old , faded scars that marred her hands and arms .
the only thing that made it more bearable was meeting chance avery .
it was hot outside and the last thing i wanted was something else to make me sweat .
the most important thing was his heart .
the last thing i wanted was for chance to have to move out .
when i arrived at the bar , his motorcycle was the first thing i spotted .
29 it was obvious hope was worried about my sister , but one thing that i knew for sure was that she always had my back .
one thing i had on my side was the fact that i 'd stayed in shape .
the only thing keeping me from screaming was the fact that he 'd been wonderful when we were together .
when we stepped inside of the warm home the first thing i noticed was her father and brother sitting on the couch ; my heart beat rapidly as i worried about them attacking me , before hearing the real reason we 'd come to visit .
the last thing i wanted to talk about at the moment was her giving someone else head .
one thing i loved about him was his compassion .
the last thing i needed was to hear them ridicule me to pieces .
the last thing i wanted to do was hold in my excitement around her family .
and the one thing he was n't was stupid .
if there 's one thing i teach as the cardinal rule for first meets , it 's this .
the only thing left to take its place was a deep sadness ... for that vulnerable girl she once was , and what she 'd given up because she did n't believe she was worth it .
` ` yeah , when you get emotional you lose the british accent thing . ''
i deserve her disgust because her back is n't the only thing that is turning stiff as a steel rod .
the thing that draws me to her is n't just her looks , it 's her attitude .
it 's the softest thing i ' ve felt since i was taken , and i immediately feel like weeping again at the small luxury .
i give my nipples a hard little twist to make them point , even though the last thing i ' m feeling right now is desire .
he 's got that all - american boy thing going for him .
a lot of embassies hire contractors - most of them former military - and they 're supposed to pass a deep background investigation , but the government often cheaps out on the firms running the background check ; and , hell , fake backgrounds are easy to concoct if you ' ve got enough money , and one thing traffickers do n't seem to lack is a ton of coin .
` ` my timing 's the only thing that 's saving you from getting a fist in the dick right now .
i add my other hand between my legs and begin to play with my clit , my face pressing into his neck the only thing keeping me propped up as i work myself over .
the only thing i really want to eat right now is sitting across from me , her legs tucked primly to the side .
the only real important thing about this stranger is his size - extra large - and weaponry .
the only thing that matters is she 's alive .
the last thing he wants is a clingy girlfriend all over him while he talks to his old army buddy .
` ` tomorrow , first thing , '' i answer and then frown .
one positive thing about the frigid temps is sticking your bottles in the snow keeps the beer nice and chill .
one thing about living in a world with rules , you ca n't hold a gun to someone 's head and force them to do your will .
i guess i have nonstop cowboys and longhorns on my mind , so it 's surprising to me when i notice that the biggest thing about texas is that ... it 's flat .
the last thing i needed was pity from a rico boy .
last thing we need is another elimination .
` ` screaming is my very least favorite thing . ''
he 's my uncle and the closest thing to a dad i had growing up .
the thing about pandora and me is : we 're different as hell .
i hand him his coat , his gaze a delicious , palpable thing on me as i walk inside .
somehow aching to appease him - hey , his volatile energy feels like a tornado in the room - i approach him and brush my hand through his mussed - up hair as i try to smooth it out again , loving the softness , which is just about the only thing soft on his hard head .
i touch my diamonds with an awful wrenching sensation in my chest as i wonder - is this the only way i ' m going to be free , letting go of the only thing the man i want with all my heart has given me ?
there is no word for the way greyson walks , with a hand in his pocket , his face somber , his cheekbones chiseled , his jaw smooth and tan , his mouth perfection , his dark hair carelessly tousled ; i swear that awesome hair is the only thing careless and playful about him .
fuck , i know more about you than i wish i knew because i would not change one thing ... one thing ... one word ... of the ten - inch file i have of you ... on my f**king desk . ''
see , that 's the thing about him .
what 's the next best thing to sex ? ?
i get a fucking headache , and the only thing that quits is my good mood .
` ` because the last thing you want is to have your name appear in one of cassidy cutler 's books ? ''
` ` the very last thing . ''
in recent weeks you ' ve lost your only known blood relative , the woman who was the closest thing you had to a parent .
` ` one thing about blackjack and sex with mr . jones , '' she announced to the cats , ` ` they definitely took my mind off the voices last night . ''
it was one thing after another today .
the second thing she knew with unshakable certainty was that the man 's malevolence was directed at zack .
the last thing quinn saw was a face that his panic - stricken brain interpreted as a death 's head .
the last thing he remembered was the feel of her arm sliding around his waist .
` ` the only thing that saved me was my talent .
if there was one thing he knew , it was drugs .
but one thing has n't changed .
if there was one thing you learned fast when you were raised by the state , it was that ultimately you could depend only on yourself .
the thing that set fallon apart from the general run of committed conspiracy nuts was the fact that the mysterious patterns he identified and which he wove into his elaborate theories were not a product of his feverish fantasies .
the last thing she tucked into her carry - on was her computer .
for one thing , she was aware that she was dreaming .
` ` for one thing , it 's unevenly developed .
the thing is , the exceptions all went insane and died young .
` ` see , that 's the thing about men and sex . ''
` ` the last thing i want is to see a rematch .
` ` the society is the closest thing i have to a family . ''
it occurred to him that the only thing keeping him on his feet was willpower and the cane .
that was the thing about being an aura talent .
for one thing she was fairly certain that the people around her would be extremely annoyed if anyone in the audience so much as coughed , let alone spoke to a companion .
if there was one thing she had taught herself , clare thought , it was control .
but the thing about accidental drowning deaths was that it was very hard to prove murder .
` ` the thing about being a hunter is that you only connect to the dark stuff . ''
` ` it 's been bothering me from the beginning because it 's the only thing that stands out as an anomaly in this situation .
` ` if you ask me , the last thing stowe needs is more money .
the one thing that all the items had in common was that none of them had required cooking .
but the thing that 's bothering me is why he was willing to go to so much trouble to get control of glazebrook , inc .
no such thing as a perfect family , she reminded herself .
the only thing that had kept him from sprawling forward against the dashboard was the seat belt .
but the last thing we need now is a lot of attention from the police and the press . ''
it 's got a real touch - me - if - you - dare thing going on .
` ` you 're the closest thing to a friend that meredith had , as far as i can tell .
the only thing meredith and bethany had in common as far as i know was that each of them spent a lot of time at mirror house . ''
sex should be the last thing on her mind tonight .
` ` the thing that bothers me the most about our own conspiracy theory , '' leonora said midway through the meal , ` ` is that there do n't seem to be many similarities between bethany and meredith .
` ` the thing about meredith was that she did n't go after men because she liked a challenge .
the only thing worse than looking nervous was looking like a victim .
one more thing we have in common . ''
the thing about thomas walker , she thought , was that you never had to worry about illusions or false reflections in a mirror .
the annoying thing about talking to ghosts was that it was a lot like talking to yourself , gwen thought , which was pretty much exactly what was going on .
that was the last thing anyone - especially sam and abby - needed .
` ` but the great thing about working for our former client was that the guy in charge was n't overly particular about the sort of legal technicalities that regular law enforcement has to deal with .
he 'd been right about one thing : gwen frazier was the distraction he 'd been needing .
and there 's one other thing that makes me pretty sure it came from the phoenix . ''
the first thing that struck her was that she was not alone .
in addition to the likelihood that the killer is a local , we know one other thing about him . ''
that 's the thing about louise .
` ` the thing about paranormal events is that if you think about it , you can usually come up with a perfectly logical , perfectly normal explanation . ''
i told you that the one thing most of us learned was how to keep a low profile and pass for normal .
` ` they might give us a better handle on taylor , for one thing .
the other thing i know is that family secrets are always the most tightly held . ''
` ` and the last thing we need is a scene , '' she added in low tones as she whisked past him .
` ` if there 's one thing dad knows , it 's how to dig through hard rock .
` ` that 's the thing about women , '' he rasped .
that 's the thing about a really good game .
pity was the last thing i wanted from you . ''
cryptos came in many iterations and permutations , but they all had one thing in common : they had a preternatural ability to get through locked doors , including the cyberspace variety .
her face was the only thing about her that was not impossibly cute .
at that moment the only thing he could concentrate on was touching chloe all over , kissing her all over .
there are a gazillion different kinds of strats , but they all have one thing in common : they possess a preternatural ability to assess and analyze a situation and then figure out how to exploit it .
` ` you said the last thing you remembered before you woke up in that room was walking home after having a beer with a friend . ''
it 's just that , until recently , the only thing i ' ve been detecting is how to turn a profit . ''
that is the wonderful thing about my research projects .
the only thing that made her able to hold on was the knowledge that larry would surely die if she retreated .
the only thing he lacked was a flaming sword .
the only really spectacular thing about her was the color of her eyes .
i was n't very pretty for one thing , and i was much too serious for another .
twenty years was a long time but he could n't ever forget that spooner had once been the closest thing to a friend he 'd ever had in fulbrook corners .
the most frustrating thing had been watching her withdraw into herself .
` ` well , the sleeping arrangements for one thing .
` ` he became the closest thing to a father figure you ever had , is that it ? ''
` ` one thing still does n't make sense about those pranks . ''
` ` the wonderful thing about being my age is that one gets to make one 's own decisions .
` ` i know you ' ve got this thing about not becoming financially dependent on a man , but that 's hogwash in this situation .
one thing about being married to a strong - minded career woman , he told himself when he took a quick break for coffee , was that she did n't hassle a man about his work .
the last thing i ' m worrying about at the moment is menstrual cramps . ''
she had discovered an odd thing about men 's socks .
one thing his background in construction had given him was a certain skill in taking care of the little things that a husband and father was always being called upon to do .
the backache was n't the only thing that was bothering her today .
the last thing raziel saw as he floated above his lifeless body was the dark - haired vampire still walking away , his hands now lit up by flames that somehow did n't scorch his skin .
the last thing i needed was a bunch of metallic clanging to announce that something unusual was going on .
the only thing that keeps me protecting you is professional pride .
the only thing we had in common the other night when we ran into each other on the beach was the fact that we both had to walk home after a bad date .
the first thing he noticed when hannah got out of the car was that her amber - brown hair was shorter .
the last thing she saw in her rearview mirror was rafe lounging against the porch railing watching her roar out of the driveway .
` ` one thing we ' ve got a lot of around here is caffeine .
` ` thing is , he 's a lot like me when it comes to going after what he wants . ''
just a couple of guys who did some stuff together on long summer weekends because we had one big thing in common . ''
` ` for one thing , it makes it extremely difficult to find a match for you . ''
` ` for one thing , you ' ve got too much invested in it . ''
the first thing she noticed when she awoke a long time later was that she could not move .
the voice of the man who had fought alongside you in the green hell of jungle warfare was one of those things .
the last thing we need is a lawsuit from marilyn 's campaign . ''
` ` one thing bothers me , '' she said slowly .
` ` the last thing i want is your gratitude , '' he said .
` ` the thing about marilyn is that she is very up - front about what she wants .
` ` funny thing about the past .
that was the great thing about being a professional conspiracy theorist , he thought .
the thing is , after aunt claudia died there was n't anything holding me in san francisco . ''
` ` there 's not a damn thing wrong with gabe 's or rafe 's family values and you know it .
the only thing that saved them was the fact that the tide was still partially out .
` ` maybe you were right about one thing , '' he offered , feeling generous now .
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned about business in the past sixty years , '' he said finally , ` ` it 's that it 's always personal .
` ` one thing i really hate , '' nick muttered , ` ` is a guy who bails you out of jail and then gloats . ''
there was no such thing as being comfortable where he was concerned .
the only thing i had was a tall , decorative glass full of marbles because the office needed some knickknacks .
for as long as she could remember , the only thing men wanted to do to her or with her was tell her their dreams .
the only thing that kept her in her seat was the knowledge that losing her temper completely would provide randolph with all the ammunition he needed to fire her on the spot .
but one thing had not changed .
the only thing he cared about was the next big deal . ''
if there was one thing she had learned from watching leila and farrell over the past few years , it was that in business , image was everything .
her pity was the very last thing he wanted .
the only thing that had changed this week was that she now had a face to go with everything else that she knew about him .
the last thing i need is a major scene in my office . ''
` ` i have , however , discovered one thing that makes me feel about twenty - three again . ''
` ` the only thing that 's going to make you as good as me is experience . ''
she could have been a little taller , for one thing .
` ` stress is one thing you 'll never have to worry about , dad .
` ` the most important thing to a condottiere was getting paid . ''
the thing about bureaucracies , red , is that they tend to get upset over all the little piddling details and ignore the really big , important things . ''
first thing i taught her was to ask critical questions .
the only thing kincaid created was more money and power .
it was the last thing verity wanted to admit .
` ` for one thing , he sold you a reproduction .
one thing this ugly old house has is plenty of bedrooms .
` ` about what might have happened if the forces in that corridor had overwhelmed you , for one thing ! ''
he decided that watching string bikinis and topless bathing suits parading up and down the beach was just the thing to relax a man of his years .
a man comes home after a hard week on the road , and the first thing he sees is his woman being carried through the doorway in some other guy 's arms .
he was right about one thing : the thought of jonas walking in on this little scene was not a comforting one .
that was the thing about tyrants , he told himself with pride .
the only thing that had changed , mason decided , was that these days nolan sold real estate .
` ` one thing about the crime business - it 's steady . ''
` ` hey , you could have at least argued with me about the timing thing , '' he said behind her .
one thing you learned as an adult was that it was not necessary to tell your parents every little detail of your life .
deke was pretty sure that the only thing he and warner had in common was their age .
one thing about conversations like this , deke thought : the best thing to do was just listen .
you were right , one thing about summer river has not changed over the years .
for one thing , he would n't have been able to keep his mouth shut . ''
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned working at colfax wines , it 's how to market the wine - country image and lifestyle , '' quinn said .
if there was one thing she had learned in her travels , it was that an air of coolheaded self - control was often the most useful defense in a crisis .
the last thing she wanted to recall was her own weak , very human and all too female nature !
` ` there 's just one thing , honor . ''
i 'll wager the only thing you talked about with him was sex .
the nice thing about dealing with sariana was knowing that she was not weak and fragile like that flower .
` ` if all he wants is an affair , that is one thing .
the only positive thing she could find in the situation was that she was becoming accustomed to the unpredictability of her life these days .
for one thing , i do n't think i have enough time to get a message to the borders and wait for the arrival of other shields .
` ` the wonderful thing about working with westerners is that they 're so adaptable , '' sariana said with satisfaction .
` ` yes , i know , '' she agreed soothingly , ` ` but something tells me that 's another thing that 's going to start changing on windarra . ''
for one thing , passengers tend to eat .
the last thing i needed tonight was therapy . ''
that 's the thing about you , severance .
chapter thirteen the first thing cidra noticed was the silence .
that was the thing about cidra , severance decided as he fired again .
well , that 's one thing about being a wolf , severance .
for one thing , he had no idea how or where to go about the business of finding the kind of office assistant he needed .
that 's the thing about the sentinel .
` ` the problem , '' fallon said , ` ` is that it would take time to rebuild a new arcane , and time is the one thing we do n't have a lot of right now .
` ` the last thing i need is a lecture on para - physics from fallon jones .
if there 's one thing you have plenty of time for on a psych ward , it 's watching dvds .
10 : a the thing about starting school a week before labor day is you go to school for four days and then you have a long weekend .
the last thing she needed was for me to go mia .
a county road ; that 's the thing about wisconsin , a bunch of roads do n't have names but numbers and letters because they 're all just threading through farmland .
for one thing , i always cut my stomach , my hips .
that 's one thing you learn as you get older .
for one thing , you ca n't turn back the clock .
the last thing i want is to hurt you .
the thing is as soon as water hits your lungs , your throat closes off , even if the water 's warm .
another thing therapy teaches you , bob , is how to read between the lines and then feed people answers they 'll accept .
dad was on the phone almost the whole way , talking with the doctors , and the only reassuring thing about that was it meant mom was n't dead .
` ` i know you 're freaking out right now , but sometimes not knowing what 's going on is a good thing .
his favorite color was red - another thing she knew now .
he looked at her as if she was the only thing that mattered to him .
how i stole the only love of his life , the only thing that mattered to him in the world , and killed her ? ''
the scenery sped by way too fast , but the last thing she cared about right now was whether or not isaac got a speeding ticket .
the last thing she thought of , the last thing she saw , was you . ''
the last thing she thought of , the last thing she saw , was you . ''
yet , there was n't a damn thing about her that did n't attract notice tonight .
the only thing that gave her away was the messy hair and swollen lips - and maybe his handprints on her ass , but he could n't see those .
that 's the last thing either of us needs .
as a matter of fact , it might be the last thing on this world he wanted out of life .
that 's another shifter thing . ''
underneath , his skin was whole , the only thing left of the wound a patch of dried blood .
a male like graham , rampant for her , was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen .
the first thing she saw was graham , his scarred face and broken nose over her , his gray eyes fixed on her .
the only thing that had kept him from going insane while the vines smothered him was the thought that misty was safe .
the thought of doing that again someday was one thing that kept him from crumbling and dying as oison wanted him to .
` ` there is no such thing as stumbling .
unquestionable obedience was one thing , not being used to her full potential was another .
he 's got this thing about all women being secretly whores .
the only thing that matters is the moment of decision .
the most difficult thing about brennan was that he made an unpredictable opponent .
he 's right about one thing - it was a crazy thing to do .
jace fell from the stool to the floor , landing on his knees , brutal pain the only thing in his world .
deni helped jace up from the floor , her touch the only thing keeping him from rushing out the door to confront the cops and keep them away from her .
the first thing he noticed was a coyote , thin - legged and mangy , waiting to see if the two from the wreck would die .
after deni had watched her covertly for a time , she realized another thing that made this woman different .
working on vehicles seemed to be the only thing that kept tiger calm .
kissing was the best thing .
maria had never felt such a thing , had never experienced this kind of fine wildness .
love was one thing .
the only thing that kept her going was looking forward to getting up and sitting on the couch in front of the television with me every day .
if this mate thing means i have to do everything you say , then forget it . ''
the scent of myka , like cool , fresh rain in the middle of a fetid swamp , was the only thing that kept him from giving in to the feral rage and killing gavan on the spot .
i do n't have a change of clothes , for one thing . ''
` ` he and sean have that irish charm thing going , but do n't underestimate them .
another thing ian liked about daniel was that he did n't need long explanations and reassurance .
hart 's solid arm was the only thing that kept her upright as they moved to the receiving line .
the only thing that existed was louisa dancing on light feet , tiny diamonds glittering in her hair , her froth of cream and green skirts spinning around and around .
but with steven beside her , rose was again finding the playfulness she 'd had when charles had courted her - her willingness to ignore convention was one of the things that had attracted charles to her .
every part of rose went shaky - the only thing holding her up was steven .
right now excitement was the last thing they needed .
the only thing he 'd learned about the cops was that they had to run a lot .
for one thing , william had liked her at some point .
she was n't some wimpy thing , either - she was tall , strong , muscular , with a hard but beautiful face .
` ` you 're such a little bit of a thing . ''
clan rules are one thing ; maternal ties are another .
` ` that 's one thing taking the collar gave us , a bit of peace in which to take care of our families . ''
the last thing she saw as she backed out of the morrissey driveway was connor standing under the glow of the front porch light , his arms folded , a look of vast sadness on his face .
trapped between the metal car and sean 's strength , she knew he was right - she should be afraid - but fear was the last thing on her mind .
that was the great thing about the broken : you could succeed there on brains and drive alone , no magic required .
` ` last thing i need is some foulness to pop out of these glyphs .
` ` the thing about being in the corner is that now i ' ve got nothing to lose .
she was the one and only thing that remained constant .
i ate him quickly , with much greed , and the rapture of feeling his magic flow into me is the only thing i now have .
but loving him and being with him were n't the same thing .
and that was the only thing cletus denied me .
no , the only thing that terrified diego escobar was being held upside down off a balcony thirty stories up .
another thing diego loved about his little brother was that xavier acted first , asked questions later .
is that a fae thing ? ''
the thing about military mines - when they go off , they leave a magic trail that even an idiot could follow .
` ` the thing about going to the movies - you ca n't talk to the other person .
sex with eric would have a deep meaning , some shifter connection , a mating thing she did n't understand .
` ` the thing about shifters , sweetheart , is that we 're very good at knowing when people are lying . ''
her answers to the questionnaire demonstrate the same thing . ''
` ` well , are n't you the cutest thing ? ''
` ` what he said with his words and what he said with his scent are two different things . ''
` ` you say the kids trust tiger because there 's something programmed into him , some genetics thing . ''
roulette wheels were precisely balanced , floating on their bases , the nearest thing to a perpetual - motion machine .
his heir , a distant cousin of isabella 's , took over the estate house , the only thing left of the earl 's former holdings .
for one thing , every word of the damn thing was seared into his memory .
` ` isabella is the only thing i care about , '' mac croaked .
but happiness is a different thing .
the only thing he could compare it to was waking on the opening day of an important race meet , knowing that the day would be filled with excitement , hurry , and elation .
he was the only thing that kept her from tumbling down , and she clung to him , loving him hard .
the pose , though perhaps a bit unusual for a portrait , was not the unique thing about the picture .
` ` all these blackmailers have one thing in common , '' hart said .
that was one thing about eleanor - she could charm the hide off attila the hun .
he looked like a highlander lurking to strike down his enemies - the only thing missing was his claymore .
his love of the political game was the only thing that kept him from pursuing his vices into oblivion , and eleanor feared what would happen to him when the political game no longer held his interest .
quiet was one thing hart mackenzie did not have an abundance of , and eleanor knew that when he returned to london , he 'd have even less .
the only thing that kept hart going was the image of eleanor disappearing behind a cloud of rubble and dust .
she clutched the wall , the only thing supporting her , while she watched his kilt swing against his bare legs as he strode back through the passage to the main house .
the last thing elliot wanted was escape from juliana .
it 's the one thing i ' ve kept intact . ''
he could n't explain that the thing he dreaded most was to wake up one morning and discover that this - what he had now - was the dream .
for one thing , the man did n't feel the need to talk .
the one thing they could never take from me . ''
he had that whole fallen angel thing going - there was a devious , sly mind behind that innocent face and pretty eyes .
you want to know what the best thing about rebecca is ? ''
work was the only thing i had left .
chapter 5 the best thing about big papaw 's cookout was their brine .
` ` funny thing about that pack , '' i said .
if there was one thing i 'd learned , it was that jumping from one relationship into another was a bad idea .
comfortable was one thing .
the thing is , once the blade is out of your hands , you ca n't control what it 's used for .
the basket listed alarmingly , his weight and violet 's together the only thing keeping it level .
but the most frightening thing about going to prison was that violet was n't sure she would n't welcome it .
the warmth of daniel , the gleam in his eyes , was the only thing violet needed .
the comfort sinclair drew from talking to her , out loud or inside his head , was some days the only thing that kept him sane .
bertie leaned back against the wall , the only thing holding her up .
the only significant thing about them are the vile messages . ''
she needed one familiar thing with her on this mad night .
it 's the first thing i noticed about you , your voice .
he knew he 'd fall over and expire before too long - bertie was the only thing holding him up .
` ` the only thing you 're proving is that the smartest woman i know has zero common sense .
in life she had so little , and the only thing she treasured , her daughter , was ripped away from her .
he was fairly certain he 'd be facing a cash - flow problem within the next couple of days , but there was nothing to be done about it now , and so he bought three blueberry muffins from the same waitress as last night , then walked back outside and handed one to emma and the other to the dog , who finished the whole thing in one go .
and in a rare display of all those things that had so far eluded her in life - determination and persistence and dogged curiosity - she was secretly hoping to spend her birthday on her own terms , at the resting place of the person who 'd once shared it with her .
` ` the thing about parents is that you always just assume they 're supposed to be good at their jobs , because they 're parents .
that was the thing about playing with a band , peter thought .
the bean and the beanpole , mom used to call them , and ellie always wondered how it was fair that the only thing she 'd inherited from her father was his ridiculous height , especially when her only goal in life was to stay under the radar .
ellie and quinn had been best friends since they were five , and if the o'neills had learned one thing in that time , it was that quinn had a flair for the dramatic .
` ` well , that 's the nice thing about small towns . ''
it was a strange thing , attaching those floating conversations to the girl in front of him now , pinning so many collected details to the person like buttons on a shirt .
but the one thing graham knew was that it was n't supposed to involve this : standing alone on the wrong side of a door with absolutely no idea what had happened .
` ` it does come in handy sometimes , this whole being - recognized thing . ''
all this time , she thought graham 's fame would be the thing to tip her off balance .
that 's the thing about flying : you could talk to someone for hours and never even know his name , share your deepest secrets and then never see him again .
but the crowds are surging around them and her backpack is heavy on her shoulders and the boy 's eyes are searching hers with something like loneliness , like the very last thing he wants is to be left behind right now .
there 's a fish ' n ' chips place on the corner , and her stomach rumbles at the smells drifting from the door ; the last thing she ate was that pack of pretzels on the plane , and the last time she slept was just before that .
` ` you 're still the most important thing in my life .
lucy asked , and owen felt a flash of recognition ; it was a question that was always on his mind , and the first thing he usually wondered about other people , even if he never got around to asking .
because the numbness was the only thing keeping him going , the only thing preventing him from falling to pieces in front of his dad , who was falling to pieces enough for both of them .
but the only thing he knew , the only thing he managed to call to mind , was the golden gate bridge , the familiar red arches surrounded by fog .
but the only thing he knew , the only thing he managed to call to mind , was the golden gate bridge , the familiar red arches surrounded by fog .
that was the thing about books , she was realizing ; they could take you somewhere else entirely , it was true .
there 's this thing called chemistry between a man and a woman .
one thing i had n't managed to change about myself in my big transformation : i still did n't do well in crowds .
that was the last thing i needed at this point in my life .
one thing i knew about repressed girls who went away to college : they went all girls gone wild on crack as soon as they got even the slightest taste of freedom .
the last thing i needed was to spend time with her out in the ocean .
it was n't written down and signed in blood or anything , but it had become our thing , and i did n't feel like f**king sharing .
the only thing left over from the unbelievable transformation was a fine sheen of sweat on his skin .
knowing this wolf was emma was one thing ; talking to her in this shape was another .
chapter 2 ` ` this is the only thing that has n't sucked so far about romania , '' my sister stated as she unloaded a stack of clothes in front of the cashier .
assuaging my libido should be the last thing on my to - do list .
the only thing missing was him slowly pouring hot fudge onto that bare expanse of chest .
gretchen 's scream as we hurtled over the cliff was the last thing i heard before everything went black .
that was n't the only thing .
one word meant to send me on my way with its curtness , and he 'd done that lockdown thing where i could n't feel any of his emotions .
the last thing i saw as i floated above my lifeless body was the dark - haired vampire still walking away , his hands now lit up by flames that somehow did n't scorch his skin .
the only thing more startling than the mansion 's height was its length .
when reality at last replaced those grisly images , i found myself backed into a wall , vlad 's grip on my arms the only thing holding me upright .
` ` i come from a line of princes who all have one thing in common : they were murdered .
` ` straight to business - another thing we have in common .
i 'd learned last night that his bed was on a raised dais when vlad 's quick grip was the only thing that kept me from falling after my foot came down on air instead of flooring .
the first thing i saw was several sets of manacles embedded in a huge stone pillar in the center of the area .
only one thing had changed since then .
a wound like that should have killed her , yet the first thing kira had noticed upon waking was that her stomach was healed .
if there was one thing mencheres 's long years had taught him , it was that being an instrument of pleasure was n't the same as being truly desired .
but even if it looked lonely - another thing they had in common - it was still her life , and it did n't include him .
humans and vampires have that one thing in common .
with his power spilling out until it enveloped the entire club , mencheres was reminding him of the one thing the law guardian had always wanted but could never have .
the young man 's face was the first thing she saw .
then the two vampires turned around and walked away , their striking looks the only thing that made anyone cast a second glance as they passed by .
` ` for all your experience , i ' m guessing this is one thing you 're not very familiar with , so let me help you out , '' she murmured .
` ` why now is because he fears if he tarries , i might forever slip his grasp , taking with me the one thing no one else can give him for a thousand years . ''
he even looks like a vampire , with that tall , dark , and hot thing going on .
it shook him , rustling the blade , sending more agonizing spurts through his limbs , but the only thing he concentrated on was keeping his hand steady .
vlad 's amazed expression was the first thing he noticed , his friend 's face bent close to his .
denise thought of this monster 's face being the last thing her aunt and cousins had seen , and anger stiffened her spine .
spade slid into the car , his coat the only thing on over his pants .
maybe her panic attacks around vampires had been the only thing preventing her from focusing on the very real , very intense connection she felt to spade .
it was yet another thing they had in common .
all through the past seventy years with web , through every awful , degrading thing that they did to me , the only thing that kept me sane was knowing it could always be worse . ''
` ` the nice thing about having a friend forced on you is , you 're never alone . ''
` ` i think the only thing hurt was his pride . ''
this was another thing josh and i had in common : a bad temper .
the only thing worse than being abandoned at my own victory party was letting my friends know i cared about this , and making them feel bad about it so they stayed with me instead of stealing the alone - time they really wanted with their boyfriends .
when i finally reached the restaurant and swung open the door , of course the first thing i saw was nick hanging his parka on the coatrack , revealing how adorable he looked in his sweater and scarf underneath .
he was kind of blurry , for one thing , and i was kind of dizzy .
the last thing i wanted was a skull and crossbones .
the guidebooks called us a hidden gem because of the artsy downtown , the harbor , and our unspoiled beaches , but the thing about a hidden gem was that it tended to stay hidden .
the only thing that made aidan madder than someone challenging him was someone challenging him in public .
the thing about will was , he took being drum captain very seriously , and he seemed determined to prove his worth to ms . nakamoto after his monday - morning meltdown .
the one thing that bothered me about my week with will was that we kept touching each other and getting in trouble for it with ms . nakamoto .
there was the dancing , for one thing .
there was his shyness , for another thing .
the last thing i wanted was to have a real conversation with will in which we confronted our issues .
sawyer had told me before that he never talked in costume , which might have been the weirdest thing about his act , because when he was n't wearing the bird getup , he never shut up .
i told him truthfully , ` ` your earring is the first thing i liked about you . ''
a bonding experience with will was the last thing i needed when our alliance was only temporary , to drive angelica to distraction .
the great thing about molly was that she was n't embarrassed to be seen with me , so she saved me from being a complete outcast .
the thing that bothered me most about my mom was that every time something went wrong , she went through the same motions , expecting different results .
he was wearing a shirt , for one thing , and the shirt still had both its sleeves .
the palm tree above us swayed violently in the breeze , and my feet ached , two things that should not have gone together .
the only thing worse than him rooting around in there was watching him while he did it , and seeing his expression of pity .
but as it was , the only thing good i could say about it was that it was fifty percent shorter than his kiss the night before .
and on the wall opposite from my pink bed , where i could see it first thing every morning , was a poster of us airways flight 5149 .
` ` molly asked me to , for one thing , '' he said .
` ` i ' ve had a drink , '' he said , ` ` and the last thing i need is a dui with no license . ''
it was always the last thing she saw when she left her apartment , and she 'd tacked things there that made her happy : a few photos of herself with sarah .
` ` there 's no such thing as luck .
lorelei and colton obviously were n't done with each other , and the last thing lorelei needed was a volatile - even abusive - boyfriend .
he needed his head clear , for one thing .
the last thing she needs right now is to get involved again with your client , who publicly demeans her . ''
as his eyes adjusted to the darkness , movement was the first thing he detected .
there were no social media sites , for one thing .
the thing about lorelei and her exhibitionism is ... she 's got a killer body . ''
the tingles were back , for one thing .
gorgeous as she was , though , the prettiest thing about her was her smile .
they were the only thing to look at against the expanse of concrete and grass .
the last thing i needed was to be put in charge !
one thing she was very good at , surprisingly , was making friends .
` ` kaylee has this thing about stalkers .
the only thing that had kept them safe in this loose confederacy all these years was their confidence in mr . diamond 's leadership .
what 's the last thing you ate ?
the last thing kaylee saw was april 's cherry - red hair before the door slammed shut .
this was the awful thing about changing the mind of a mind reader .
he was n't much , but he was the only thing that kept me moving , besides anticipating my spring break trip to miami one week from tonight .
the only thing i remember from that night is babbling something about shandy and trying to blame it all on my grandmother . ''
the only thing i recognized was the heavy - lidded dark eyes .
last night in the dark car , the only thing i could see clearly most of the time was his chin in the glow from the radio .
here was the worst thing about them : i could tell that if johnafter loved you , his dark eyes would be beautiful and friendly and warm .
` ` this diner is the closest thing you have to a home . ''
the last thing i need is a painkiller addiction .
the constant snark was one thing .
anger was a beautiful thing .
guilt is a funny thing .
i screamed and pitched a fit , because the only thing worse than being grounded when you 're a kid is being grounded when you know you did n't deserve it , when you were only looking for tape for school , and my dad wanted me to go to school , did n't he ?
one thing about desmarais , old or young , the man knew how to carry a grudge .
the second thing , and perhaps the most important , was the realization that the new potion restored girard 's health and vigor until he was as strong and fit as he had been at twenty - five .
chapter 15 the last thing girard desmarais had seen before the world went black was the first thing he saw when his senses returned the next night - a pair of hell - red eyes .
chapter 15 the last thing girard desmarais had seen before the world went black was the first thing he saw when his senses returned the next night - a pair of hell - red eyes .
the thing is , i just do n't know what to do .
he had to admit the idea was tempting except for one thing .
for one thing , it is n't necessary to terrorize your prey , or rip their throat to shreds , '' cassandra remarked with a knowing grin .
` ` and one thing i know is that vampires kill !
the only thing under that dress was miya herself , and that , in itself , was a dangerous weapon .
for one thing , it took a great deal of concentration to control another 's mind , something most fledglings had a difficult time doing in the beginning .
kaiden smiled as he watched her savor the rich dessert , which consisted of layers of ice cream , whipped cream , candied fruit , and nuts , deciding there and then that if he ever had the opportunity to indulge in mortal food again , spumoni would be the first thing on the menu .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned about saintcrow , it 's that he takes security very seriously . ''
the only thing i worry about is survival .
his gaze swept the room , his power a tangible thing .
the last thing she packed was the enormously expensive bottle of clive christian no .
one thing about being a vampire .
` ` their memories of this place , for one thing .
the right side of his body ached , the pain reminding him that time was one thing he did n't have to waste .
it was the only thing that gave her comfort .
he had the feeling that her presence had been the only thing keeping him sane , feared that being alone with nothing but his own hideous reflection would soon drive him mad .
lately , lying in his lair as the rising sun edged over the horizon to sweep night 's dark cloak from the sky , the last thing he was aware of before he tumbled into the dark sleep was the soothing sound of brenna 's heartbeat .
if there was one thing granny o'connell had instilled in brenna , it was the law of threefold return .
the first thing she noticed was that she was the only one not wearing black .
was that the reason roshan was the only thing she could think of today ?
if there was one thing she had learned , it was that a good number of people in this century had no qualms about living together , or having children together , out of wedlock .
he swore again , but how could he deny her the one thing that she had always wanted , the one thing he could not give her ?
for one thing , she never saw her mom and dad during the day , and they never ate dinner together , the way families did on tv .
for one thing , she was the only one in the place who was n't wearing black .
he still had a lot to learn about being a vampire , vince mused , but if there was one thing he knew , it was that vampires could n't create life .
the only thing keeping me afloat was the fact that the store was paid for , thanks to a tidy sum my great - aunt had bequeathed me .
and that was one thing he had plenty of .
the last thing i remembered was talking to travis jackson .
the last thing she remembered ... oh , lord , the last thing she remembered was watching santoro the magnificent transform into a large black wolf .
for one thing , they did n't wake up the next morning .
for one thing , rane had n't said how long they would be gone , and she still was n't sure where she wanted to go .
the first thing she noticed was that rane had covered the room 's single window with the bedspread so that no light entered the room .
for one thing , mara would n't stand for it .
the one thing savanah did need was a dress .
if there was one thing he did know about mara , it was that she loved the night .
` ` but that 's not the only thing . ''
the one thing she had n't liked about being a vampire was her inability to see herself in a mirror .
we 're together now and that 's the only thing that matters . ''
the first thing he noticed was one of the paintings he had done of her hanging over the fireplace .
one thing she loved about men was that they were unable to hide their lust .
the last thing he remembered before waking up here , wherever the hell here was , was sitting in the nursery , giving the baby a bottle .
one thing he had always been careful to do was tie up all the loose ends from his old life when he was about to embark on a new one .
the thing was , he was n't a man in the usual sense of the word .
the only thing that stopped her was knowing derek would hate her for it .
i knew facial hair was the thing in energo , but monty would always look funny to me with a beard .
the first thing i noticed was the beautiful wooden instrument in the corner .
chapter seven kevin i needed a cold shower , but a coke was the only thing cold i was getting .
yet another thing i 'd missed while in energo .
` ` the last thing i want to do right now is sleep . ''
the only thing keeping him from falling farther was me , and i was barely able to hold his weight .
if we make it out of this alive , you 'll have to explain the whole uniting thing to me . ''
the only thing that seemed off was how quiet it was .
` ` i like it where it is , and that is the only thing that matters , '' james said , no longer needing to shout once he perched on the arm of the couch next to me .
` ` one thing you do need to work on is confidence . ''
` ` you think there 's only one thing wrong with the calloways ? ''
as i sat there , earphones still in my ears even though i had turned my music off hours ago , the one thing keeping me from becoming physically ill was that i was n't completely alone .
one thing that my uncle and i shared was our passion for music .
one great thing about moving back to charleston for my last high school season was that i would be playing with more competition .
the only frustrating thing was being really early for school every morning because monty had scheduled a bunch of morning practices for the team .
` ` yeah , parties are n't really my thing . ''
that was the thing about charlotte ; she never wanted to cause waves .
for one thing , he was wearing the same clothes as the rest of the guard , a black cotton uniform .
monty had been right when he told me how important patience would be ; it was the only thing keeping me standing .
with a face worn with wrinkles , a pair of almost translucent blue eyes was the only thing that stood out on her face .
the only thing that eased it was lying still and silent .
my ability to joke about sex with macon was a new thing .
the last thing i want is a guy who gets bored . ''
i love every little thing about it , except for its malfunctioning radio , and said radio 's impeccable timing of getting stuck on a station at the worst moment .
putting up with the love sick routine was one thing , but sexual innuendoes were another .
the nice thing about the outer banks is that the island is so narrow it 's hard to get too far away from the water .
the last thing the parents needed was a meltdown because one got red and the other did n't .
` ` the only thing keeping you from that title was your propensity to move through women .
the last thing i needed was to get in trouble with carly .
the thing about a beach bar during the summer season is that every night of the week is busy .
the nice thing about tourists is you did n't usually see the same person twice .
prologue skinny dipping was the last thing on my list .
did we experience the same thing ?
the last thing he could be described as was puny .
the last thing i needed was to show up at a date party alone .
` ` yeah , this bossy thing definitely works . ''
first , there 's the hay itself , add in the manure smell and the last thing you get is sexy .
i missed my family , but that was the only thing to miss from my small town .
one nice thing about hanging out at a frat house - no worries about being carded .
the only thing i enjoyed doing was spending time with my friends and colt .
it looked more like a stop on a historical tour rather than a concert venue , but that 's the thing about charleston .
` ` one good thing about an omega party is you wo n't run into him . ''
i guess that 's the thing about people .
the thing is , seeing your ex with someone does n't hurt when you 're bringing the most amazing girl with you .
the only thing that bothered me was that he was stopping .
the only thing i knew about her was that her name was laney , and she was a year younger than me .
she was the only thing on my mind .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned after being married for over sixty years , it 's that spending time with a woman requires one . ''
my anger was the only thing keeping me from hating myself .
i felt a surge of guilt - the only thing i seemed to feel anymore .
` ` the only thing that scares me is watching you leave in a few weeks just to find some other douche to marry . ''
i ca n't wait to see you tonight , and you 're killing me with the surprise thing .
seeing mr . mathews was one thing , seeing his wife was another .
` ` yeah , i figured the only thing better than looking at you is touching you . ''
he bought me my first camera at seven , and it was the one thing we really had in common .
the good thing about the mess was that it kept me momentarily distracted .
he kind of had that surfer boy thing going for him .
` ` is that the only thing getting you down , or is there more ? ''
the last thing i wanted to see was his face .
the last thing i needed was to hear her name .
the only thing i need is right here . ''
the only thing special about ridgeview was that it was home to the college of the same name .
i guess it was one thing we had in common .
nothing tasted better than her , and the last thing i wanted was my senses dulled .
the nice thing about the bed at my place was that you did n't need a rail or anything because it was so low to the ground .
i knew she cared about noah , but being less than thrilled that her son was dating a single mom was another thing .
i brought the brown liquid to my lips , unwilling to spend more time thinking about the one thing i wanted more than the drink - emily .
but rural northern louisiana was n't too tempting to vampires , apparently ; on the other hand , new orleans was a real center for them - the whole anne rice thing , right ?
for one thing , i knew they 'd been in jail , though i did n't know why .
the last thing i expected to see , after i turned into the little drive through the woods that led to our house , was bill compton .
if you ' ve never been in the company of a vampire before , it 's a thing you really have to get used to .
for another thing , i ca n't always read clear thoughts .
if liz was pregnant , the last thing she needed was a drink , no matter who the baby 's daddy was .
the nice thing about skirts , i discovered , was that they just slide up , and if you were only wearing a thong underneath , it could vanish in a jiffy .
he was scared of talking to a vampire , he was frightened that his employers would discover he had a ` ` weird brain thing , '' he was just excited that there was someone like him .
the last thing in the world i wanted to see was my friends and my neighbors ` ` letting their hair down . ''
` ` i ' m not your darling , and you know it , for one thing .
there is not a thing erotic about being pressed between two vampires under those circumstances .
he grinned , but at this moment it did n't do a thing to me .
for one thing , i would hate to ruin that beautiful skin ; one day , i will see all of it . ''
the good thing about dancing is that you do n't have to talk for a while , if you feel chatted out .
the road had been graveled not too long ago , so we would n't leave tire tracks , for one thing .
` ` that 's the only thing stopping me . ''
for one thing , eric had had hundreds of years to practice his kissing technique , and he 'd used them to good advantage .
` ` i am supposed to tell you that the vampire you have there , he 's the real thing . ''
for one thing , my brother was arranging my business as though it were his .
one thing jason was good about was showing up at work on time and at least going through the motions until that time was up .
the first thing i saw when i pushed open the door of super save - a - bunch was a little display of bottled blood , which saved me a stop at the liquor store .
my shoulder blades were the only thing at ease .
for one thing , i did n't like the weres congregating at merlotte 's .
i was still tired from the day before , for one thing ; what an exceptionally full day it had been .
being alone had never been his favorite thing , and after hours by himself in the cold of the shed , it might be even harder .
for one thing , the weather had decided to be fall .
that was the great thing about vamps , at least from my point of view : they were dead .
for one thing , the results were notoriously unpredictable .
that was another weird thing about the people of bon temps .
trust eric to pick out the one thing that was new and different about me .
` ` you should have called me first thing , '' he told me , striding around the house to survey the damage .
` ` that 's the strange thing , calvin .
there was such a thing as too much honesty .
when you 're down and hurting , the most wonderful thing in the world is to feel cherished .
` ` the good thing about being in the hospital was you coming to see me , '' he said .
the only thing they had in common was that they 'd both made love to me : and just at the moment , they were both pains in my butt .
` ` now , sookie , the only thing that would make life perfect is you calling me some night , '' jb said .
he did n't look unkind ; that was the weird , and most frightening , thing .
if he cried , i would , too , and the last thing i needed was tears .
one thing about the security tapes having been burned : any record of our earlier visit was gone , too .
see , here 's the weird thing about meeting my self - proclaimed relative : i never doubted his truthfulness .
for one thing , she did n't seem to enjoy talking about being a fairy , and when she popped up , it was usually when i was in trouble and therefore sadly self - absorbed .
he fixed his gaze on me , did the whole ` ` i ' m focused on you '' thing .
the good thing about vampires - no corpse disposal .
` ` for one thing , i owe that drake payback .
for one thing , in the past few days he 'd already given me blood twice , to say nothing of the nips we 'd exchanged during lovemaking , and he said we were dangerously close to some undefined limit .
one thing i was clear about was wanting to stay out of jail .
for one thing , you 're running out of shelf space .
for one thing , his name is thaddeus .
for one thing , he was smiling .
` ` i have n't had any such thing in ... oh , it must be seventy years now . ` `
the thing every gargoyle wants , a name of his very own .
i felt around for my purse but could n't find it , and the only thing in my pockets was spare change .
i loved having that power over him ; that was another thing i loved .
he 's got you , for one thing .
` ` hunter , '' i said , ` ` the last thing any vampire wants is to be disturbed in the daytime .
` ` for another thing , i like rasul . ''
the thing about jason , and what made him so attractive to people ( particularly women ) , was that he practically radiated life .
` ` for one thing , we change back to human form when we 're dead .
` ` for one thing , i like church .
the last thing i need to deal with is her needy shit .
the last thing i want to do is talk , so i brush him off and pretend like it 's no big deal whenever he brings it up , which is often .
every day is so goddamn hard , and all i can do is just focus on going through the motions just to get to the next day , which is the same thing all over again .
if there is one thing my mother is good at , it 's shopping .
the one thing , possibly the only thing , my mother and i have in common is our love for fashion .
the one thing , possibly the only thing , my mother and i have in common is our love for fashion .
` ` about the only thing i regret was believing that you two supported me , '' i whisper harshly .
i understand the whole kimber thing , but i ' m taking you home with me tonight . ''
they are all i have , and i ' m pretty sure when i get on the plane to go back to seattle , i will be going back to the only thing i have left in the world - candace .
if there is one thing about kimber , she does n't give a shit what people think about her .
` ` same thing that always does .
one thing about me , i ' m not much of a talker .
the last thing i need is a clinger .
` ` that 's the thing about love ... it 's a pretty powerful force that can show a side of you that you never knew existed .
the last thing i would ever expect or want her to feel when she 's with me like this is dirty .
but that girl was unrecognizable , so when i met candace , the only thing that struck me about her and that girl in the alley was their small size .
it 's something she 's always wanted and to have this opportunity in life , to see your dreams through , is an amazing thing , and i ' m so proud of her .
there is n't a single thing about you that i would change .
it used to bother me , but now it 's just another thing i love about her .
it 's who she is , and to see her take this passion and turn her dreams into reality is an amazing thing .
in new york city , there 's one thing you can depend on .
and the first thing i see is my mother , bent over a table , scanning a produce delivery list .
but the only thing i feel is ... regret .
alexandra said they were the only thing that quenched her thirst when she was in labor with mackenzie .
they were the first thing i noticed about you . ''
` ` i thought my ass was the first thing you noticed ? ''
but that 's okay ; i ' m just going to chalk it up to another thing i will never understand about my girlfriend .
i 'd like to tell you the first thing i noticed about delores was something romantic , like her eyes , or her smile , or the sound of her voice - but it was n't .
if it 's one thing the bitch ca n't stomach , it 's detailed stories of her brother 's sex - capades .
although , can i just say , i never got the cranberry sauce thing .
disappointing my mother is a capital offense , and the last thing i need at the moment is to have my name at the top of the old man 's shit list .
the strange thing is , i know just how she feels .
i swear sometimes that 's the only thing keeping kate with you . ''
the last thing jack wants is to get chewed up and spit out .
the only thing i want to think about is getting hammered and having fun .
` ` and when you get married , the most important thing is n't being in love .
the really strange thing is , it genuinely pisses me off .
the only thing i want is your c**k so deep inside me , i can taste it . ''
the only thing i feel is ... excitement .
the first thing i see is my shirt .
` ` you have this whole naughty - librarian thing going on . ''
the last thing we need is for his first word to be f**k , '' she says softly .
she does n't even know he 's in prison , and the last thing i want right now is her worrying .
this is one thing about sophie being pregnant - she is moody as f**k . one minute , she 's happy - go - lucky , and the next , you would swear she 's possessed by the devil .
she 's lying on her back , her head the only thing i can see .
the last thing i needed was to spend my day daydreaming about a blue - eyed , brown - haired guy with dimples .
it was the same thing i saw in their cousin kenton when i met him at a bar - b - que we had a while back , but kenton 's darkness is right there out in the open .
so if not for his ex , things would be perfect , and that is one thing that worries me .
` ` good , i need and want the same thing , '' i tell him .
` ` we 're not sure right now ; the only thing we know for sure is that jules has disappeared , and so have my kids . ''
my body is doing that hot thing again , and i wonder why it keeps happening when he 's around .
one thing i learned quickly is that people here have no problem getting in your business or asking personal questions .
the one thing that has n't changed is my relationship with kenton .
` ` call me what you want , but i know you feel this thing between us too .
` ` the only thing i feel towards you is anger , '' i growl .
i also acknowledge that she never had a chance to experience that kind of thing before .
link 's hand on my arm is the only thing that stops me from killing the f**ker where we stand .
` ` you , autumn freeman , are the most important thing in my life . ''
if i only knew what was going to happen in a few hours , i would have kissed him a little bit harder and held him a little bit tighter , but that 's the thing about life - you never know what 's going to happen , so every moment you have , you need to act like it 's your last .
she ca n't talk because they have her jaw wired closed , but she does recognize everyone and has been able to write things down , and that 's the most important thing in all of this .
my eyes slowly open and kenton 's face is the first thing i see before i look around , seeing the sun streaming through a set of open doors .
` ` you 're pretty easy to love , dad , and one thing i know for sure is that everything will work out . ''
the only thing you honor about our race is our fighting skills and what we can do on a killing field .
falonar stared at him for a long time , then said bitterly , ` ` the only eyrien thing about you is your wings . ''
that pity can be as crippling as a physical wound , for one thing .
she reached back and planted her hand against ranon 's chest , her touch a light chain that was the only thing holding him back .
he sounded like he meant it , and was n't that the loveliest thing of all ?
her short black hair looked deliberately mussed enough to be called sassy , and there was n't a single thing besides her psychic scent that would give anyone a clue that she was the queen of halaway .
the last thing he remembered after stretching out on the bed was linking fingers with shira .
as for the rest , lucivar and i agree that the only thing you 're lacking is the finesse that comes from experience .
she was right about one thing : every day that slipped away without a court forming around her made dena nehele more vulnerable - and made cassidy , and her court , look better .
he wanted to ride through those gates , wanted to protect the only thing left of his own heritage .
ebon askavi despite the unmistakable psychic scent that identified his caste , the thing that had always amazed cassidy was how a man as powerful as the high lord of hell could feel like a steward - like a man who did n't find the tedium of paperwork tedious , like a benign clerk who simply wanted to be helpful .
` ` i want to take a look at the rest of the garden , get a feel for the whole thing . ''
the only good thing about cassidy snapping at him this morning was the look on gray 's face .
or maybe it was daemon 's way of letting him see that the emotional fragility had passed - or , at least , had mended enough not to be the first thing he sensed about his brother .
when she came out of the bathroom dressed exactly as he 'd requested , he knew in a way he had n't before that there was no part of him she feared - and that was the most arousing thing about her .
as if she were the only thing that mattered .
` ` do you know the most annoying thing about him at times like this ? ''
the kitchen looked exactly the same - except for one thing .
that was the only thing that made staying in that room tolerable .
the last thing marian saw before her vision blurred was the fear on the face of the warlord in front of her .
` ` for one thing , she works for me .
she did n't know much about the high lord except that he was more powerful ... because he wore a black jewel ... and supposedly more dangerous than the demon prince , but the one thing shedid know about him from the stories eyriens told was ... ` ` you were andulvar yaslana 's friend .
the only thing she could figure out was the clothing signaled an attempt to leave him .
for one thing , she was n't supposed to come to amdarh .
since he was watching where he set his feet , the dark stain that covered most of the chamber floor was the first thing he saw when he reached the entrance .
and even though he stood in front of her , the only thing she saw as the cold black rage ripped through her was those glazed , sleepy eyes and that cold , cruel smile .
the fact that the gray lady did n't keep him on a tighter leash was another thing about her that baffled the other males .
she looked frail , and he suspected her pride was the only thing keeping her on her feet .
` ` the only thing he 'd be granted is the chance to whore his honor for the illusion of freedom , '' jared snapped .
` ` that 's not the only thing a stallion and i have in common . ''
the only thing that kept him from throwing a punch of his own was brock joining them .
the consort 's ring was a heavy weight on his finger , but , because of it , he could ask for one thing he desperately needed .
the last thing he was aware of was saetan 's hand brushing his hair back in a gentle caress .
the first thing he sensed was the lady 's shield .
there was one other thing she knew about daemon sadi , something she had seen in the tangled web that had warned her about her own death : he was the friend who would become an enemy in order to remain a friend .
the air was n't the only thing around there that had a bite .
and they all had one thing in common : the first day or two after they were broken , they were cold .
* * for one thing , the counter - movement should slow the speed .
saetan 's voice had that singsong croon that was usually the last thing a man ever heard - except his own screams .
a strange thing , feelings .
the first thing she pulled out was a hand .
no , not quite the only thing .
craft was the only thing keeping him on his feet now , the only thing that would let him use the greasy , tattered mess his wings had become after the slime mold had devoured them .
` ` well , that 's one good thing about forming the court .
he 's the only thing still in sharp focus .
he 's the only thing i need .
he drove it in again and again until the wedge became a chasm and the only thing they had in common was their fury with each other .
if you ask me , the last thing miss jaenelle wants is attention .
it 's a funny thing about her .
he stood in front of her , on display as it were , and the thing that fascinated her most was hishat .
the only thing that eased the ache he 'd felt since kartane had told him about lucivar was being with jaenelle .
as he stumbled and half turned , the last thing he saw before the kitchen door closed was cook grabbing the pail of soapy water and flinging it across the kitchen floor .
the last thing he needed was a picture of the two of us manhandling each other at a high - profile bar on twitter in two minutes .
it was a heady thing , knowing that people were seeing your work and getting something out of it .
the last thing i needed at my premiere was a scene .
see , that 's the thing of it .
all these years and her breakfasts were still the first thing that came to mind when i thought about her .
it is an entirely different thing to be on the outside watching the pandemonium than it is to be inside it , part of it .
it was the only thing that had made me smile in more than an hour .
that 's the thing about live theater .
twenty - four year olds were my new favorite thing .
working with your pageant platform is one thing ; the therapy dog charity was great .
i was good at one thing , and that was winning crowns .
i took another deep breath almost immediately , because the only thing better on him than scrubs was a pair of comfortable - looking jeans and a navy blue sweater .
the first thing i saw were the saddest golden eyes i 'd ever seen .
the last thing i heard my father say before they disappeared was , ` ` in that case , call me thomas . ''
but , chloe , love is not always the only thing you need to make a marriage work . ''
the last thing he needed was me crashing through right now .
right now the only thing i can think about is a shower and a nap .
as simon and i were becoming friends in those early days , he 'd confided that all the women he 'd ever dated seemed to want the same thing : a white picket fence .
his eyes were n't the only thing at half - mast ... ` ` zucchini , '' i affirmed , nodding my head .
here 's the funny thing about my orgasm .
` ` no , and that 's the thing .
that was the thing about neil .
the best thing about that day was the jaw sighting .
he has this thing about marking his territory .
` ` yes , and the thing of it is , she said it like she was agreeing with something someone else had already said .
` ` no water , no tea , but there is one thing i 'd like before i go to sleep , '' i purred , taking a few steps his way .
and when he took the time to open my door for me , and leaned down to kiss me in the warm spanish sunshine , his lips and the smell of olive trees were the only things i needed in the entire world .
` ` and three , as amazingly sexy as this pink nightie is , the only thing i want to see for the rest of this night is my sweet caroline , and i need to see you . ''
shay may not be the man i want , but right now he 's the closest thing to security i have .
but knowing that my only son , the one thing i could never give him , was involved , seemed to spur him on . ''
the only thing i miss is having the opportunity for my father to walk me down the aisle , and my mother and sister there with me .
the last thing i remember before falling down to the ground is hearing elle 's scream echo through the night as my vision goes dark and i ' m knocked unconscious .
the only thing i need is to focus on putting one foot in front of the other so i can get through each day .
the only thing i knew would make me feel better was you . ''
there is still one thing that is bothering me .
it may have started off as a job , just another assignment from the big boss , but after being with her for the last four months the only thing i would change is not having to live a lie .
i feel like i need to hold onto the last thing left that was his .
i even went so far as to tell him that the only thing we had in common was genetics .
the one thing shay and i are mindful of is the use of technology to make our jobs easier .
we share blood , but that is the only thing similar between michael evans and myself .
there has been so much going on lately with the notes and being on edge waiting for the next move to be made against elle , it has honestly been the last thing on my mind .
it 's one thing that i ' ve marveled at the longer we ' ve been together .
the thing is , hindsight is a freaking fantastic thing .
and right now , that 's the last thing either of us needs .
there is one thing that sean never showed the world , and that was uncertainty .
but the one thing i know for sure is that samantha richards belongs in my life .
if there was such a thing as being stunned text - less , that was me .
the thing is , mac had three friends with benefits at the same time ... '' then the penny drops .
the only thing exciting about it was my brief encounter with zander across the bar .
it was nice , a bit sloppy given how drunk we were , but even then , girls are so not my thing .
the thing is , when she logged off suddenly on saturday night , our conversation was just starting to get interesting .
the thing with emotional blackmail is that it is much easier to see what 's happening when you are outside of the situation .
when i left ohio , that promise was the only thing that held me together .
the pure , virginal angel on the other hand ( the only thing that 's still virginal in my life ) whispering encouraging soothing words in my ear about being a martyr for the sake of daniel 's future happiness and the life he can have with a wife and two point five kids in the suburbs .
here 's the thing i ' ve found with being pregnant .
` ` trusting you about a secret liaison is one thing .
i knew this was neither the time nor the place , but the navy did amazing things for his eyes .
` ` we may be a splinter cell , '' jason said , ` ` but we ' ve got one thing in common with the reapers - no one wants to be outed to the public .
trying to be normal for a few minutes was one thing ; becoming a fink was something else entirely .
staring down a group of hell - bent teenagers was one thing .
` ` i think that 's the thing that bothers me the most , '' i told her .
5 what , you might ask , was the best thing about being forced to attend an all - girls ' boarding school ?
drawing was a strange thing .
the first thing he pulled out was a glossy white box .
` ` the jeans are the last thing you need to worry about right now , lily , '' he said , ruffling a hand through his dark blond hair .
that was the bad thing about late - night espionage - it was physically and emotionally tiring , but your brain was still pretty ramped up when bedtime finally came around .
it 's a lot harder from the other side when you feel like the one thing that makes you who you are has been taken away . ''
` ` not being responsible for the fight against reapers is one thing .
apparently noticing the same thing , scout squeezed my hand when we walked inside .
but that was n't the most interesting thing about the pumping station .
and that 's a difficult thing to get used to .
that 's the thing about faith , i guess .
weird thing about being a vampire - you never knew you were hungry until you were around food .
of course , he and ethan did have one thing in common - excellent taste in armani .
` ` must be a house thing .
the thing about blackmail , about the bullying , is that pack members do n't report that kind of thing to him . ''
we passed one entrance , then took a second , the lights on peter 's car the only thing moving in the lot .
that was the tricky thing about living by the fall and rise of the sun - it was a deep , dizzying descent into unconsciousness when the sun began to rise , and a gunshot ascent when twilight fell again .
` ` convocation is one thing , '' he said , punching a finger into the tabletop for emphasis .
` ` what 's your favorite thing ? ''
anyway , you asked me what my favorite thing was .
doubt was a debilitating , frightening thing .
thank god i was a vampire , as that added dose of strength was the only thing that allowed me to hold ethan back .
i was self - aware enough to know that the only thing i enjoyed more than getting what i wanted was not getting what i wanted .
and that 's the thing that bothers her . ''
the only thing worse than being yelled at by a boss was having screwed up so royally , he 'd moved right into silent treatment .
she was also supermodel gorgeous , which was a shocking thing to learn the first time you walked into your ex - boyfriend 's abode .
` ` you remind me of the house , of the thing we fight for . ''
it 's not a bad treatment , but i think it makes them soggy , and i have this thing about wet bread . ''
it was such a strange thing - to be in a house surrounded by vampires he 'd made and decor he 'd chosen , to have vibrant dreams and memories of him , to have been on the verge of a relationship when he 'd been kil ed - but to have so few mementos of our time together .
the last thing a boxy , twenty - year - old volvo needed was the stench of airsickness .
funny thing about anger - it could help you , or it could hurt you .
` ` it 's the strangest thing , tate .
the maleficium was n't the only thing missing .
but if they 'd been staked , ash would be the only thing left . ''
there was a dangerous edge of anger in his voice ; it might have been motivated by fear or jealousy , but the only thing that mattered was that it was directed at me .
the thing is , he 's just so ... '' ` ` stodgy ? ''
and the structure was n't the only thing lost .
` ` having a menagerie is one thing .
being part of the rg while you 're master is one thing .
but a plan was one thing , and real life was something else .
` ` that seems like just the thing . ''
` ` take me , '' he said , arching his neck to offer me access to all of him , to his life 's blood , and the thing i wanted from him alone .
but they were my thing .
the only thing that kept me from rocking against him wantonly was the fact we were out in public .
i realized the only thing i missed was the way things used to be back when i was seventeen .
the thing was i did n't feel sorry for what i did .
the only thing i could see was him and the broad width of his shoulders .
` ` the last thing you need is any more injuries , '' he muttered and continued to yank up the fabric .
the only thing i could hear was the sound of my own ragged breathing .
the only thing i could focus on was that question and the answer spencer would give .
their eyes met and they did that silent husband - wife communication thing .
the only thing i knew for sure was that it was a man .
the last thing i needed to think about was some guy .
his body was smooth like polished granite , and his tropical scent enthralled my senses so the only thing that existed was him .
i was so aware of myself , of my body ... of how every single thing felt .
it was as if gavin somehow flipped a switch within me and every little thing i missed before was now felt tenfold .
the only thing i could feel was him .
it 's like every little thing , right down to the way i drew in a breath , was intensified when gavin was near .
the last thing i remember feeling was the cold tendrils of ocean water rushing against my skin .
the last thing i wanted was another fight with him .
the only thing a guy like him liked was violence and making everyone else as miserable as he was .
the thing with being a liar for a living ... no one found out anything i did n't want them to know .
the last thing we needed was something to go wrong .
his eyes drooped closed even as i watched him , mesmerized by every single thing about him .
in fact , there was n't one thing about brody west that i did n't like .
those were things about him i always thought were sweet and gentlemanly .
the first thing i noticed was the weight against my side , the feel of something wrapped around me .
i was n't sure what it said about me that my ` ` quiet '' time took place on the crowded and loud streets of new york city , and it was the one thing i did n't try to analyze .
` ` that 's one thing about us lawyers , '' she said .
` ` that 's the thing , '' i told him .
the good thing about people and hair was that you had the immense opportunity to define your own style , to be creative .
i kept my eyes open , watching him , not wanting to miss a single thing about his expression .
every single thing about him washed over me .
of course , i knew it could n't possibly be the only thing , so it made me ponder what or who susan spent her time with when she was n't working .
` ` because that night after our date ... the only thing i could think about were your eyes .
he was offering me the thing i wanted most in this life .
being tired probably was n't the best thing when you were cleaning and assembling weapons .
i had n't been wrong when i said i was lucky tonight , except now it seemed luck was n't the only thing i had tonight .
the only thing i knew was her name .
i wanted a chance to feel every single thing .
that was the good thing about being a marine .
the only thing in this entire world was her .
the peaceful sound of the waves crashing along a sand - filled shore was the first thing i heard when my ears came alive .
after all , we all had one very big thing in common .
one nice thing about being stranded on an island : the sunsets were awesome .
` ` what 's the best thing about being here ? ''
` ` what 's the worst thing about being here ? ''
barely there touches that glided over my skin , making me hyper aware of every single thing i felt .
i grasped for him but could n't quite reach as new sensations rolled over me and i fell back against the sheets once more , submitting to every single thing he made me feel .
that 's the thing about a rumor ... it can turn on you in three seconds flat .
my heart was beating so hard that it was the only thing i could feel .
` ` be ready because i ' m going to make love to you all night long until the only thing you feel is me and you do n't even remember his face . ''
it 's almost like my body knew him - like it recognized him even though my brain screamed it would never forget a single thing about his incredible face .
the only thing they seemed clear on was that someone wanted to hurt me .
for one thing , it was so long if i walked out there with it on , it would appear i was n't wearing pants .
* * * one good thing about being kidnapped : you did n't have to worry about where the killer who 'd been stalking you for weeks was .
the voice of the female newscaster was the first thing that sam and i heard when we left the bedroom and wandered into kimber 's sprawling upgraded kitchen .
but my mother had always been beautiful so that was n't the surprising thing .
the only thing that stopped me was the genuine fear in her eyes as she looked out into the sky .
it was the blood of a killer , the blood of the man who twisted my soul , who was responsible for making me part animal , part man and now he was responsible for taking away the one thing in this world that i loved most .
i screamed inside my head , so loud every bone in my body trembled , and i focused inward knowing our mindbond had n't been destroyed , knowing it was the one thing strong enough that not even the devil himself could take away .
as i stood there in the worst place that ever existed , holding on to a bag filled with a dirty , stained soul , and watched the girl i loved more than anything fly off to finish this once and for all , the only thing i felt was proud .
the only thing i had left was my never - fading love for god ( yes , even now ) and my existence .
that was one good thing about killing these evil creations .
the thing about the dark is that it takes away distractions .
but there was n't one thing wrong with him . ''
what 's the first thing you want to eat ?
the only thing i did know was that things were about to get a lot worse .
somehow , without realizing it , knowing exactly what someone was feeling became a normal thing for me .
the worst thing was my hair .
i nodded and allowed her to think that , even though cole was about the only thing that seemed to be going right these days .
the one thing that did not radiate around him was an aura .
the only thing that hurt was my chest , where my heart used to reside .
but there was one other thing that really got to me about cole .
the only thing i had left to offer her was my absence .
my stomach did that flippy thing , and i prayed that he could n't hear my heart accelerate .
that was the one good thing about death : no pain .
even still , that had n't been the worst thing about killing china .
that half - smile thing he did resurfaced , and he took the paper out of my grasp .
it swallowed her up and the only thing i could think of was being on top of her , my body covering hers , completely swallowing her up .
the most dominant thing in the room was the massive desk sitting in the center .
the last thing i wanted was to be too worn out to perform in saturday 's game .
the only thing i 'd learned tonight was that my body burned for him .
the thing was i was better off doing this than hiding in my room .
` ` not one damn thing .
not only were they not invited , but they 'd also just cut short the only enjoyable thing about my day .
` ` but the thing about being a ghost is that no one ever sees you .
the last thing i need is another person hanging around and messing up my job . ''
the hardest thing about this job was going to be acting interested in the target .
` ` yum , what 's your favorite thing to make ? ''
the last thing i wanted to think about was food .
it was just one more thing i could add to the very long list of things about charming i wanted to know .
it was just one more thing i could add to the very long list of things about charming i wanted to know .
charming the tricky thing about searching someone 's personal space was making it appear it had n't been searched at all .
` ` that 's the thing about eating .
the only thing i really knew for sure was that i wanted to see frankie .
the only reason you chose the senator 's daughter as a target was because the only thing you cared about was seeing me fail . ''
that 's the other thing about not having a body .
he was the only thing i could see .
he was the only thing i could feel .
if there was one thing i learned through all of this , it was that death was n't fair .
i answered , because she was doing that staring thing again and i just wanted to get rid of her .
the only thing that was n't normal ( besides me examining my own body from across the room ) was the clothing .
the last thing they needed was having to tend to one of their own .
that 's the one thing about the dark .
dex the one good thing about never having a phone was that it could never ring and wake me up .
smoking was one thing i never did .
that 's the thing about death .
that was the thing about the grim reaper .
charming might be a seasoned killer , but i was from the streets and the one thing the streets taught me was how to fight .
nor was it helping that the shared chain opened him up to her , revealing his aggressive intentions toward her - his desire for her blood for one thing , and sex for another .
for one thing , his loyalties lay elsewhere , with his brothers still in prison and with the vampire world generally , so he could never be a truly reliable partner .
if she glared , he responded in kind , because the last thing he wanted was to desire his captor .
` ` sorry , lily , but the last thing you look like is a ninja . ''
the only thing he did was occasionally thumb tears away from her cheeks .
one thing he knew for sure right now was that daniel intended to get hold of that weapon any way he could .
the first thing she felt was the depth of his fear , which he 'd been living with for two years , fear of his situation , of the guards around him , of the arm resting across his shoulders .
he did n't want her to assume for a moment that he had any expectations , and he was pretty sure the last thing she needed to confront right now was his na**d male body .
when he 'd opened up the web site the first thing he 'd checked was a slave mortality counter from the recent auction .
the only thing i care about at this point is crushing this organization once and for all . ''
that 's the only thing i care about right now , seeing you have pleasure because you 're inside me , because we 're connected . ''
reyes , for one thing , would call a halt if scorpion or engles demanded anything extreme , like binding her with chains or inflicting any kind of torture .
and she knew one thing about bullies of every kind : they give way for demonstrations of strength , at least for a time .
she smelled something sickly sweet in the air , the same thing she 'd smelled when she 'd been abducted outside the ocean club .
the only thing he knew for certain in this completely hopeless situation was that he had to tell angelica how he felt .
she had short , jet - black hair , for one thing , and large blue eyes .
he shifted his attention to this thing called a tracking ability , something the blood - chains were supposed to have created between them .
sex , for one thing . ''
the first thing he felt was the absolute purity of her soul .
the second thing he knew was his complete unworthiness of being with a woman like her .
for one thing , he could n't bring himself to shift into altered flight and pass through it , as though something blocked him .
although under the circumstances , the last thing she really should care about was her appearance , she still wanted lucian to see her at her best .
his voice through her mind was one thing she 'd really miss , the deep resonance that filled her thoughts from side to side and made her feel full .
his warrior hair was the one thing he had held to symbolically as a hope that he would return to serve endelle as he had served all the millennia of his life , as a dedicated warrior .
of course having a guardian meant only one thing : leto was ascending .
the funny thing is , i ' m not sure .
for one thing , he could n't feel her anymore , not any of her physical sensations .
` ` there is always a residual effect , something learned , but it 's not the same thing .
the thing about having so much destructive sex with greaves was n't the pain , it was the frequent itching as her skin healed .
` ` the one thing i trust right now is instinct , especially from obsidian flame .
the last thing we need is the two of you locking horns . ''
it 's a strange thing to feel you within me .
the one thing he 'd learned from being endelle 's second - in - command was a little diplomacy , a sense of timing , a sense of when not to go all shock - and - awe , when something less splashy was called for .
the nice thing about being an ascended vampire was the simple fact that you got some overall strength without having to weight - lift .
this was the only thing she did n't like about their disparity in height : some adjustments were necessary .
the only thing he knew was that the mist shifted when it shifted , and nothing could happen until it did .
the only thing that held him together was the fact that she seemed to desire what had come upon her .
` ` actually , '' he said , his rough voice sending a few shivers straight down her spine , between her wing - locks , ` ` there was only one thing i wanted when i was done battling . ''
that was the thing about alison .
this was one thing she knew to be true of thorne - he knew the details of his warrior 's lives , just as he knew the details of hers .
for one thing , she 'd gotten into it with medichi 's woman a few weeks ago .
for another thing , socializing gave marguerite the scratch .
her efforts at poetry had been one thing , but this banquet before her , this decadent feast , was quite another .
the one thing she had learned in the convent was the power of waiting , of patience .
for one thing , he did n't know how he 'd gotten here .
the only thing that really surprised her was how much they looked alike - not completely , but there was an overwhelming resemblance .
the only thing he had been definite about was that in the very center was a large round room , a type of space meant for meditation , but very large with a glass ceiling open to the sky and a glass floor to allow a view of the creek flowing below .
for one thing , she knew jean - pierre had issues , something she thought had to do with his wife of many decades ago .
when grace turned her face away , the hint of a smile was the last thing marguerite saw as she gained her feet .
` ` i wish that i could be rid of it , yet all throughout my captivity , saying their names was sometimes the only thing that kept me from going mad . ''
the last thing she wanted in this situation was to get thorne in trouble .
the only thing it lacked was bars over every window , but the windows were so small , bars were n't needed .
at least that was one thing he respected about the bastard .
the last thing that she had needed or could have absorbed was that pressure .
from the moment he had first caught parisa 's scent , the one thing he could count on was a fierce demanding erection when she was near .
yes , dominance was his favorite thing .
she took a deep breath and there it was , the one thing she could not experience when she voyeured antony : his sage scent .
` ` according to reynard , one of the tenets of this world is service , and that is one thing i happen to agree with .
must have been a warrior thing because she had n't heard anything funny at all .
one thing battling required was a solid , heavy intake of calories .
for a moment , the only thing i wanted was to find greaves and tear him limb from limb . ''
one thing about endelle , she could boil an issue down in two or three sentences .
well , one thing she did know - she would n't have the answer right this minute .
she understood one thing about having downloaded antony 's battle images - to hesitate was to lose .
the one thing fiona had gotten really good at was predicting with fair accuracy the length of a woman 's life as a blood slave .
her love of books was just one more thing that bound him to her , whether he liked it or not .
` ` the three of us have one thing in common .
once they left , they might have foggy memories of exactly what happened on the club 's premises , enthrallment being a beautiful thing to a vampire , but rarely did a woman leave without a smile on her face .
the last thing she wanted was his body next to hers .
this is war and one thing you must learn is to be in the moment .
funny thing was , he never brought any of his dates here .
for one thing , he really liked keeping his blood donors close at hand .
that was one thing about the woman endelle could count on , composure .
for one thing parisa lovejoy had n't yet answered her call to ascension in any discernible manner .
now , that was one thing she liked about havily , the woman could take it on the chin , repeatedly .
for one thing alison was n't afraid of her at all and for another , she was right most of the goddamn time .
the last thing she needed with any interview in this office was an extreme disparity in height .
the last thing she wanted was to get caught in that trap .
one thing about havily , she set an excellent tone for the administrative offices .
for one thing , for havily , everything had changed .
he had always had one thing in common with crace .
the only thing she shared in common with her sister was her height .
alison had known her height for what it was , one more thing that set her apart from everyone else .
but the only thing he detected as unusual was an odd scent in the air , a kind of perfume that made his neck muscles jump ... and , shit , his groin muscles tighten .
if there was one thing he would not tolerate , it was this sort of disrespect .
for one thing , every visit requires a pass , as well as counseling .
the thing is , she 's a real piece of work but i 'd give my life for her .
one thing about the warriors of the blood , traitor or not , they tended to be prime examples of the male species , ripped , powerful , and gorgeous , leto no less so .
the tastes might have pleased her enormously had it not been for one thing - all she could smell was that ridiculous fennel scent , which now puffed at her in great clouds from across the table .
for one thing , she was still wrapped up in everything he had just said , his words a blanket of comfort yet composed of such startling fear and confession and acceptance that she was overwhelmed .
your vibration was one thing , but your flesh , any part of your body , how i ' ve longed for you , needed you . ''
` ` that 's the problem , i guess , the thing i ' ve been grappling with .
right now , she seemed really intent on understanding her surroundings , which was not a bad thing .
the only thing he had going for him was that apparently there were limits to margetta 's power because right now , quinlan kept lorelei in a safe position within the shield .
the last thing she 'd let those f**king wraith - pairs see was the affection she felt for quinlan .
her realm - clinic , for one thing , would have two guardsmen on duty all through the night , when the invictus were most active .
for all the weirdness of the night , the one thing she felt right now , besides a sudden overwhelming fatigue , was that she felt safe .
for one thing , her body sang , that was the only way she could explain it .
nor was it a blood rose thing , although that existed as well , an acute awareness of ethan 's feeding requirements like a temperature she could take by just thinking the thought .
the only thing that seemed to matter was feeling ethan , knowing him , embracing who he was in his world .
invictus out at sweet gorge , for one thing . ''
for one thing , she 'd never quite seen ethan like this before , as though every nerve in his body had been lit on fire .
one thing she did understand , the calmer she remained , the less muddled her mind was .
` ` i did n't know how to tell you and though my husband can irritate the hell out of me at times , he is right about one thing : timing is important .
for one thing , she had wanted to thank him for saving her life but he had n't given her the smallest opportunity .
fatigue was n't the only thing he felt , but a terrible despair .
she was breathing hard and felt so wonderful except for one thing : her heart pounded too hard in her chest .
` ` i ' m suited for this work , but the one thing i ' ve come to realize , especially when you got so excited about opening a second bakery in hollow tree , is that you 're meant for different things , maybe even bigger things . ''
that was the thing about just giving in to passion and tossing over every inhibition she 'd ever had .
he had noticed because it was the last thing in the world he needed .
the last thing he could actually remember with any certainty was heading to the casino .
` ` that 's not the only thing bothering you , is it ? ''
` ` no , that 's not the only thing bothering me .
her giggle was probably the best thing about her , it was so carefree and vibrant .
alexis was the closest thing to a mother she had , since their mom had overdosed when brittany was thirteen .
a beautiful , amazing sight , and a satisfying thing to know he could make her feel that way , that he could coax her naked in a fitting room , that he , and he alone , had planted a seed in her womb and brought a child to life .
corbin was a lot of things , including sweet , cute , intelligent , and downright fierce in bed , but she did n't think he could go head to head with a burly russian double his size .
the last thing in the world you want is to run into the shit by the ice machine , you know what i ' m saying ? ''
knowing they were bloodsucking demons was one thing intheory to see it was another .
` ` i find you much more appealing than that skinny buffy , for one thing .
` ` it 's that very thing that i find so incredibly arousing about her . ''
the thought of that was the only thing that kept him from flinging the glass coffee table through the wall .
his silent offer was the only thing connecting us at all , besides the fact that we were both human and happened to be sitting in the same room .
the only thing i knew about him was that jess had said he came from a messed - up family , and that he still lived at home not far from campus .
` ` and i may not have a lot of experience with relationships , but the one thing i do seem to comprehend is that when there is mutual love and respect , it 's usually a good thing , so i ' m not getting what you 're so worried about .
` ` the only good thing about it was your ass rubbing on my junk . ''
the only thing missing was tyler , but i took pictures on my phone to show him .
he cupped my cheek with his hand and said , ` ` the last thing i feel right now is mean . ''
if there was one thing i knew how to do , it was to be fake friendly with the neighbors .
funny how the one thing i 'd always been confident about with other guys was the thing i had no handle on with riley .
trust me , that is the last thing in the world i want . ''
` ` the classiest thing about me is you , '' he said .
jobless , soon to be homeless , with a criminal record and an ex - girlfriend who had stuck me with her cell phone bill before i went to jail , the last thing i needed to be f**king around with was a rich girl who looked like she might cry if i pinched her .
basically the only latino thing about him is his religion and our last name - delorenzo .
the only thing wrong with me was that my mom was an ass**le and i 'd been left on my own too much .
i guess that was one thing tyler , riley and i all had in common besides blood .
they were perfect afternoons , and the only thing that changed from year to year was the decoration on the cake .
` ` the first thing i noticed when i sat down next to you was how good you smell . ''
the only thing i ate was mashed potatoes .
it was n't like we could possibly have a single thing in common .
` ` you smell good , '' i murmured , his scent the only thing that had n't clogged my nostrils and made me want to hurl in the last week .
for one thing , i was feeling sad and not ready to talk about the miscarriage .
i found that it was n't such a frightening thing , being alone in my head , with my thoughts .
that 's the thing , kylie - we have different people in our lives for different reasons . ''
` ` and we ' ve already figured out the one thing we have in common is the punch .
the first thing she noticed was that that clubs and bars looked better kept up than the places below the 800 block of bourbon .
` ` the thing about these new , flashy nightclubs , my darling drake , '' she said , settling back in her chair as if she planned to give a long diatribe on the matter , ` ` is that there is no appreciation for the subtlety of our art . ''
that was the last thing a woman who did n't trust men - or maybe anyone - needed .
the last thing he remembered was having a bit of an argument with her on the deck of the riverboat .
there was none of this fuss and bother , and the good thing about that was you had the luxury of ignoring your feelings .
` ` how do you deal with this smell thing ? ''
` ` the last thing you need is to be alone , and i want waffles .
` ` shake your groove thing .
that was one thing about johnny , he enjoyed a good story with lots of twists and turns .
if there was one thing she knew , it was high tea , done the proper way .
mandy thought that was just a lovely way to describe her , even if she felt control was the last thing she possessed .
chapter seven the first thing katrina noticed about drew 's apartment was that he had cleaned .
the sucky thing about a great night was that it had to end at some point .
it was hard to pinpoint what was the most ridiculous thing about it .
the last thing she needed or wanted was to see pity in his eyes , compassion on his gorgeous face .
the closest thing she had to lipstick was a dessert - scented lipgloss , so she slid that on , stepped into sandals , grabbed her purse , and went downstairs , leaving marie 's letters tucked safely in her suitcase .
but the ironic thing was that he never liked me , he just wanted the blow job .
rosa floated in front of him , doing that hovering thing that he could n't stand .
petite and blond , wearing a billowing pale blue sundress that stopped above her knees , she looked fragile , beaten , like the only thing keeping her from collapsing on the sidewalk was the pure strength of her will .
the only thing he wanted more was freedom .
it was that concern , that compassion , that intensity of heart and soul and feeling that he admired , adored , in sara , and it was the very thing that would crush her if he let their relationship go any further .
it was a beautiful and amazing thing to feel at complete peace in another 's presence , to look at someone and know you were better for being with them .
it 's the only thing keeping me in control . ''
she did n't think she had ever actually heard him laugh before , and god , it was a sexy thing .
yet the one thing she did n't doubt was that he would be amazing in bed .
` ` that is more the thing , '' she said , her voice breathy , her fingers digging into his arms .
that had n't been the only thing that was unnerving .
regan knew felix did n't want to be greedy , but there was such a thing as business sense .
it was n't smart , but it was survival , and that was one thing i knew how to do .
it was probably the only thing that could have made me feel worse that day .
` ` that was the best thing about being in the military .
` ` talking is one thing .
the beautiful thing about maine was that it was quiet in winter , like the sound of people got lost among the trees and the falling snow .
if there was one thing i knew how to do , it was maintain my pride with someone else in the power position .
i wanted desperately to ask him why he was at the house and how long he was going to stay , but if there was one thing i knew , it was that my role was never to ask questions .
it was the one thing i had expected to love about living alone , the lack of noise .
there was not a damn thing exotic about me .
because i would n't have a car to drive for one thing , after i got my license , or to actually learn how to drive in the first place .
devin gold being sexy was one thing .
if there was one thing he was good at , it was lying to soothe other people .
that was the fun thing about sanctimonious busybodies .
for one thing , there was a large crowd of twenty gathered on his front porch , waiting for him .
but the good thing about family is you can take us for granted .
which was that the last thing in the world he felt was pity .
and the last thing she needed to encounter was heartbreak .
piper was sensitive , and the only sensitive thing about willie tucker was her teeth when she drank ice water .
and you know , i think the thing about great sex is that , it 's even better when you do it with the right person . ''
the only thing that stopped her was the knowledge that she was more liability than asset to a man like danny .
if there was one thing she was good at , it was changing the focus of a conversation from her to someone else .
his grandmother was old , for one thing , but jessie stritmeyer was outspoken , bossy , calculating .
the only thing you should be feeling is a buzz from the beer . ''
it was the only thing she had going for her .
there was one thing he was n't , and that was displeased with himself .
` ` attraction is a funny thing . ''
if there was one thing tuckers agreed on , it was that pie solved everything .
` ` this is the only thing that remains of her . ''
the only thing that he heard was the echo of his voice coming back at him .
the only thing alabama has on new york is the summer and the ability to get a decent natural tan .
that 's another thing new york city is lacking in .
the music is the one constant i have , the one thing i can hold onto with the confidence it 'll never leave me .
and the only thing that 's scarier than that is looking into his eyes and knowing i own him the exact same way .
the only thing you care about is the bottle you 're reaching for even now !
the thing i needed and wanted more than the air i breathe every day ...
she has this thing where she does n't mind me drinking if we 're in the grove , like at rock 's , but anywhere else she gets a bit loopy .
his tongue is probing and harsh in its movements , and the only thing driving this kiss is passion .
knowing that she has to change and actually changing it is the only thing that will make it all go away .
only one thing about us is forever , and that 's the fact we 'll be together for it . ''
the first thing i notice is her cappuccino - coloured brown eyes .
reputation , so that flirty , dimply smile flirty thing you got going on is n't gon na work on me . ''
'' no such thing as under - age , '' mum says nonchalantly and hands lexy a full glass .
the only thing setting them apart is the bright pink in jen 's hair - which she 's dyed out .
' '' it 's every little thing you do , that makes me fall in love with you .
'' the only thing you 're likely to win is a trip to the dump wi ' my broken windows ! ''
` ` if love was the most important thing , i 'd be at exeter university right now , not ready to start a new life in london . ''
he asked about devon and that , and when jen mentioned your name , he did this puffing chest out thing , and got kinda pissed .
` ` ... was samuel experiencing a thing called jealousy . ''
this is one thing i do not miss about devon ; the goddamn wind that , if i was half a stone lighter , i ' m sure would pick me up and toss me around like a one pound kite .
her cooking is the only good thing about ` ` home . ''
you are the first and last thing mila sees every fuckin ' day !
that 's the thing about being the guy who was always nice to the girl .
it 's always been my downfall , but it 's also been the best thing about me .
i take a deep breath , inhaling the saltiness of the sea air , the thing that 's always relaxed me .
the only thing we have in common is that every single one of us is falling in love with conner burke right now .
i ' ve discovered it 's not just a muffin thing .
one thing i definitely prefer about california is the weather .
the only thing she had left to do was exist . ''
` ` the thing with memories is , they never die .
it was one thing being here without her and letting it pass me by , but knowing she 's here ... . knowing that makes me hypersensitive to her .
each thing affects me , especially the way he clearly does n't know me even though he thinks he does .
` ` because the only thing nice about her will be when she turns around and leaves . ''
the only thing lila has going for her is ryan - she figured her love life out way before emma did .
the only thing that 's real is you . ''
but that 's the thing with depression .
dance is the one thing that keeps me up .
it 's the one thing i let myself feel ; it 's the one thing that is truly real to me .
it 's the one thing i let myself feel ; it 's the one thing that is truly real to me .
and the funny thing is , no one in here knows me .
the only thing about him i ' m ever under is his whole body - because he 's the one under the thumb the rest of the time .
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned in my too many years of life , it 's that a woman always needs a secret weapon .
until their shouts and yells take over everything else , until the urges they support are the only thing you can focus on .
the only thing i care about is the words she just said .
every step , arm position , turn , leap , every single thing about his dance is beautiful .
my arms are stretched to the sides , and the only thing stopping me falling backward is blake 's grip on my fingers .
i remember the sting , the only thing i felt at all , and i remember counting the minutes and cuts , keeping them in time with the other .
i hold onto him like i ' m drowning and he 's the only thing that can keep me afloat and save me .
it 's the thing that lead me to blake .
but the only thing worse than them saying ` ` no '' is not knowing .
it was their thing from about age seven - friday nights at my house were movie nights .
` ` i wanted to show you something important to him - probably the only thing about him you did n't know about . ''
the only thing i know is her trembling body tucked into my arms and the tears soaking into my shirt , the cries from her mouth and the tightness of her fingers as they hold onto me .
and knowing how she 's hurting is the last thing i need .
i ' ve lost everything , even the thing i should have been able to hold on to .
i hate the fact losing cam is the thing that brought us together , but that 's another thing i ca n't change .
the only thing that 's changed is our knowledge of the other 's body .
that 's the great thing about a lifelong friendship - you never have to grow up around one another .
it 's my favorite thing about you . ''
` ` the only high - maintenance thing about you is your attitude , liv .
and i ' m not particularly caring right now , because tyler stone in a suit is the sexiest thing this side of the motherfrigging universe .
` ` and he 's the one thing you could end up treasuring more than anything . ''
his voice is low and husky - the sexiest thing i ' ve ever heard .
his other hand is wrapped around my body and cupping my neck , the one thing anchoring me to him .
he 's the thing that makes me tick .
` ` the thing i fear most is having a day where i do n't wake up and think about you , '' he murmurs into my hair .
the thing that makes me your official bitch .
that 's the thing with moving on - you take almost nothing with you when you go .
because this - this touch - is the one thing that makes perfect sense to us both .
without him , i could be nothing but an empty shell , living desperately for the one thing i 'd have left of him .
it has n't been long , not at all , but that 's the funny thing about time .
` ` the thing about addiction , liv , is that it knows no bounds .
` ` quiet 's a beautiful thing . ''
it would n't be long either since it would be the first thing they looked for .
dreams of enlisting had been the only thing that kept him going as a teenager when his mother 's drinking got worse .
` ` see , that 's one thing about being an alcoholic .
then he kissed her and the last thing she thought about was the room 's decor or timing .
that was probably the only thing keeping him alive .
the last thing you should do is second - guess yourself . ''
it makes me get too fired up and the last thing i need to be right now is emotional around you . ''
` ` i ' m not into pain myself and the last thing i ever want is to hurt you .
except he could never have the one thing he wanted most .
the one thing he could never have .
the only thing that was left was his love for stella and faith in her .
she 'd been wrong about one thing that day they 'd met .
except distance was the one thing he could n't give her now .
to be wanted this much was a heady thing .
` ` because the last thing i want is to frighten you . ''
the only thing that remained the same ?
not a thing wrong with what they 'd been doing the past month , since a late night spent working together had led to a shift in their relationship , a mutually satisfying shift .
the last thing she wanted was more of sullivan 's attention .
the last thing i want to do is distract you from flying . ''
the only thing she knew for sure , her only reality , was this man in front of her .
` ` that superman thing again . ''
but right now he could feel his world spinning out of control and damned if he could do a thing other than hold on tight to the woman he loved .
` ` i realize you 're upset , but the last thing we need right now is to fight with each other . ''
` ` when i saw the place , the first thing i thought of was sitting out here with you , my guitar , a bottle of beer- '' ` ` -a glass of wine . ''
` ` i 'll be careful , god knows , i 'll be careful , because the last thing i want to do is make you turn away . ''
he had three tiny tattoos walking down his shoulder , green footprints , of all things .
wade studied the hulking paul bunyan wannabe in front of him and figured out one thing about the guy fast .
this place was the closest thing to paradise that she could imagine .
but then the last thing she 'd wanted was his protection .
the last thing she wanted was to sound like a wimp .
they did have one thing in common .
and if there was one thing he 'd learned since coming to grips with his wife 's sudden death , he knew life could screw you over in a heartbeat .
the last thing he needed was to explain away a brick of c-4 .
the last thing either of them needed was for him to add to the tension already tunneling through the room .
him looking was one thing .
her chanel perfume wafted up again , another thing that had n't changed .
` ` the good thing and the sad thing about my job is that there are teens who need me everywhere .
` ` the last thing i ' m thinking about now is what we 're wearing , ariel . ''
it had always been about the music for her , the one thing sporadic bouts of poor health could n't leach away .
living in the moment was one thing .
the last thing i want to do is cause trouble between you . ''
the last thing we need is more competition in this family . ''
the only thing that kept his feet moving right now was the need to check on his grandmother .
funny thing about the male imagination , he did n't actually have to see what was beneath that dress to have a clear mental picture .
but the very trait that made jacob so attractive to her could be the one thing that caused him to pull away .
dee inched away from him , her mouth being the last thing to break contact .
` ` the last thing my ex wants is to lay eyes on me again .
and with those kind of thoughts kicking around in her head , the last thing she needed was to dive back in for a repeat of that kiss , no matter how much her body screamed , ` ` go for it ! ''
another wonderful thing about this man .
the last thing the price family needed was more stress with j.t .
which cycled him back around to being a taker , the thing he hated most .
finding them was the only thing that had kept him from eating the uzi slung over his shoulder .
her brother was the closest thing to a sibling he 'd ever had .
` ` it was n't one thing in particular .
her innate goodness was one of the things that had drawn him to her in the first place .
love for sara- his wife - was the only thing that mattered to him right now .
the only thing worse than vic in overprotective mode was vic in mega - consent mode .
another thing to like about paige , along with her steely spine , was her obvious gift in treating animals .
the sexual attraction between them was one thing .
` ` there is n't one thing about you that 's uncomplicated .
` ` there 's another cool thing about the real kind of love . ''
and it really was , given she knew what he really wanted , the same thing she wanted , actually .
the last thing i needed was more reason for him to think i could n't protect myself .
in fact , the only thing making me go batty these days is too much time piloting a desk . ''
at least he did n't have to worry about burning since he tanned like his mom - the one good thing he 'd inherited from her .
keeping things low - key for his son had been the last thing on his mind when j.t .
one thing about that afternoon stayed clear .
that 's probably the only thing that kept me from exploding over the yasmine deal .
the last thing i want is to change you .
she traced the line of his jaw , square , stubborn and the one thing he 'd inherited from his father .
the last thing they needed was more sparks .
his need for solitude did n't mean a thing next to his determination to keep darcy safe .
a woman who needed the one thing he could never give her back .
the last thing she needed was to send the stuff splattering onto the stark white cabinets .
she 's right about one thing though .
` ` trust is a strange thing , shelby .
` ` but we ' ve got this ... chemistry thing between us . ''
thanks to his preparations while she 'd slept , that was one thing about the whole insane day that he could control .
that invincibility he 'd needed to carry him through combat could be the very thing that brought him down .
one thing he could always count on , crew dogs thrived on a good laugh , even in the middle of combat .
for wanting lori when sex was the last thing they needed .
` ` not a thing in the world wrong with that .
she lacked the one thing that the other petitioner for custody did n't .
peace settled within her as she leaned back against the man who 'd given her the only thing she 'd ever truly wanted .
as always , he wore a gray suit and red tie , no variation , same thing every day as if wearing a uniform even though he 'd long ago left the army .
conrad did that uppity sneer thing he had down to an art form .
the only predictable thing about hillary was her unpredictability , and for a smart guy used to figuring things out at least twenty - five steps ahead of the rest of the world , he was enjoying the hell out of the unending surprises she doled out .
the only thing he knew for sure was that he did n't want this to end .
another thing she 'd learned from troy this week .
she spared a last glance at the house she 'd lived in for the last year , a year she 'd spent grasping for that elusive thing called family that was always just out of reach .
` ` i ' ve been meaning to ask you ... '' her father trailed off , his tone suddenly uncertain , one thing the general never was .
the unexpected emotions meant one thing .
she closed her eyes , needing to break the emotional connection that threatened to overwhelm her , because her emotions were the one thing that could get her in trouble with this man .
` ` bossy thing .
the one thing he 'd always admired about molly had been her willingness to acknowledge another person 's success .
you looked different then for one thing .
she asked , her curiosity not the only thing that he aroused .
the only thing that kept her from changing her mind was her parents .
the ironic thing was , the women were very much alike and hunter could even see them being friends .
she would n't have thought it possible , but she found the whole messy bachelor pad thing kind of endearing , just like ty himself .
the only thing they had going for them was that her uncle was turning out to be an inept killer .
ty pulled her close , his strong presence the only thing holding her up .
for one thing , he did n't want her calling him back while lilly was around and for another , gloria deserved better than a quick brush - off .
` ` mom ... .. '' ` ` the thing about loving someone is that you do n't need to rehash things , '' his mother said , letting him off the hook .
because another thing she 'd realized by coming back was that home was n't a place .
you 're f**king gorgeous , for one thing , you have a smile for everyone no matter how tired you are when you work , and i wanted to get to know you better . ''
sexual chemistry was one thing .
the last thing you need is caffeine . ''
in case you do n't realize it , sex is n't the only thing between us . ''
for tonight , his embrace was the only thing that mattered .
the last thing she felt before blackness claimed her was his strong arms beneath her knees and his softly muttered curse in her ear .
the only thing she 'd ever wanted from him was the one thing she 'd never have .
the only thing she 'd ever wanted from him was the one thing she 'd never have .
` ` the one thing i need in this world if i ' m going to take care of my baby . ''
you 're pale , for one thing .
it 's not that i question your abilities , but i wonder whether a private doctor would ... '' ` ` charge a higher price that i ca n't afford , for one thing . ''
though that was another thing she hoped to change .
but the one thing they had in common made kevin question the last .
` ` when did you become a bossy thing ? ''
` ` for one thing , she has no place else to go and for another , she ca n't possibly love me . ''
for one thing , he 'd promised himself he would n't get involved this way and for another she was doing a fine job of distracting herself from her fear of storms .
and the one thing he knew without question was the feelings crowding inside him and begging for release were n't going to be easily controlled .
` ` well , for one thing , i want more of those soul - deep kisses you 're so good at . ''
instead he received apathy - the one thing he could n't fight .
his reluctance to leave alix in this crystal palace was a tangible thing .
considering he had done all the taking so far - her help with alix , the partnership and the clients she brought in - he could offer this one thing in return .
not only had he deserved it , he 'd prided himself on that very thing .
the one thing he did n't question was his sudden turnaround .
it was the one thing my mother managed to control , at least when i was younger .
last thing i need is to put this case on anyone else 's radar , '' he muttered .
another thing he liked about cara .
wearing dark denim jeans and a black button - down shirt and not a speck of razor stubble , he was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen .
as a cop , rex knew the same thing cara knew .
the one thing mike did know was that he 'd always been up front with her .
the walls were closing in and this damned apartment did n't feel a thing like home .
even if she had been the only good thing about his return home so far .
the last thing she wanted was the serendipity grapevine kicking in .
the two men did that silent communication thing again , but no way would they decide what was best for her .
` ` the one thing i always knew was that i had it good growing up .
` ` you have n't looked at me , for one thing . ''
another thing he liked about erin : she might need him , but she would n't let herself depend on him in that needy way some women did .
another thing he was n't used to .
` ` i told you that 's the good thing about being a friend or relative .
` ` i do n't like one thing about this mess , but i have to admit i 'd pay to see that . ''
with the thoughts running through her mind and the plans she had to make , smiling was the last thing she 'd feel like doing for a good , long while .
kelly handling things would let erin hang on to the one thing she had left of herself .
` ` you love it , for one thing .
she walked in and the first thing she noticed was a table with beautiful red and white flowers - red for heart disease , she assumed - and picked up the heart - shaped card with her name on it .
the thing he was drawn to most about nicole - looks and attractiveness were a given - was her innate honesty .
` ` not a damned thing . ''
the only thing that 's on you is being a good , trusting person . ''
` ` not a damned thing except i ' m not inside you , '' he said at the same time he rectified the situation , notching himself at her entrance and thrusting inside .
the only thing stopping him was the fact that she did n't need the distraction any show of affection would provide .
the only thing different was the nervous glint in his eyes and the uncertain expression on his handsome face .
the last thing he expected was to be greeted by a barking dog .
doing business is the last thing on his mind . ''
every last thing about you . ''
but the last thing he wanted to deal with was another family situation where he was the outsider .
i already told you , my marriage taught me that 's the one thing that counts in life . ''
after a solid week of watching her at joe 's bedside , he was convinced of her sincerity , not that it was an easy thing to admit .
for one thing , he was working with corinne , though she should n't be surprised .
except that when he looked at brianne , sleep was the last thing on his mind .
for one thing , she intended to move at the end of the summer .
` ` fear of your judging me and finding me lacking , for one thing . ''
` ` the tattoo , for one thing .
for one thing i had to relinquish control of questioning the employees to duke and vickers . ''
there was n't a thing about him , from his alluring scent to his heated touch , she did n't enjoy .
yet another thing to like and admire about this man .
` ` for one thing , you ' ve polished your investigating skills in a short time . ''
but most importantly , and the one thing that made him the perfect man at this point in her life , was that he respected grace montgomery , apart from her family money or family name .
a lifetime , the one thing they could never share , was the one thing he could so easily imagine .
it was the first thing i noticed after i heard you scream .
there was n't one thing delicate about emma 's sensibilities - if she even had any .
having experienced love , she would n't deny her son the same thing , even if it meant delaying her move or sacrificing for him .
she hated the self - pity in her voice , when it was the last thing she was feeling .
she had to get away from these people before she lost the one thing she treasured : her faith in herself .
the last thing catherine wanted was for him to run far and fast .
but the one thing she was aware of was a sense of belonging .
the only positive thing about today was her confrontation with judge montgomery .
another special thing about logan was his ability to listen and the comfortable silences they were able to fall into together .
` ` going steady involves a lot of drive - through fast - food restaurants , for one thing . ''
last thing he needed was to embarrass himself before things even got started .
kane had had his share of women , and they 'd had one thing in common .
no plumber necessary , which was about the only thing she could thank mr . mcdermott for .
there are n't any fairy - tale endings and there 's no such thing as the right woman changing a stubborn man 's mind . ''
` ` there 's that control thing again , '' she said with a laugh .
the one thing she 'd always dreaded about the chief of staff job was the massive amounts of paperwork and the resulting lack of interaction with the patients .
another thing dare had come to appreciate about his brothers ' wives : no false pretenses for them .
the only thing that stopped her from drooling was the fact that he 'd seen her and those gorgeous eyes locked with hers .
the last thing she wanted was any awkward office moments .
the last thing she remembered was their deep talk about family .
` ` we had it out today , and believe me , flowers for me are the last thing on his mind . ''
the one thing she did know was that she found the inking extremely sexy .
` ` for one thing , because i ca n't take the hot and cold reactions you have to me depending on my brother 's behavior or your moods . ''
for one thing , he trusted mason .
dare did n't know if there was such a thing as closure , but he was n't finding peace by ignoring his past .
for over a decade , the word party had only meant one thing in dare 's mind .
if there was one thing he 'd learned in the last few days , it was that .
obligation was the last thing she wanted him to feel .
if she could n't have his love - the one thing , the only thing , she wanted from him - then she did n't want anything at all .
come to think of it , the irony of the situation might be the only thing nash had enjoyed about this day .
and the last thing she wanted was his pity .
instead , he picked one close to the hospital but far enough from serendipity so they 'd have plenty of the one thing he craved - complete privacy .
the last thing she wanted was for her past and her mistakes to come back and haunt her , make staying here impossible .
for one thing , joe was a year older , and for another , nash had run in a tougher crowd , at least until he 'd left for private school .
pain 's a weird thing .
if there was one thing about nash , she knew he had integrity .
you had one thing , one person you trusted , and that was dare . ''
then he 'd thrown her love , the one thing he wanted more than life itself , back in her face .
the only thing missing was the husband , but kate claimed she just had n't met the right man , and unless someone new moved to serendipity , she was in trouble on that score .
the only thing she knew for sure was that ethan was in the bar and he 'd immediately zeroed in on her .
that was the thing faith loved most about nick 's sister - her ability to just be .
the last thing she needed after a sleepless night was lissa 's sarcasm and gloating over faith 's father 's interview .
another thing she 'd learned from her mother ... she was obsessed with fashion , even at her young age .
for one thing , history has repeated itself over and over , making it appear as if the original curse on the corwins has validity . ''
protection , for one thing . ''
` ` your voice will be the last thing i hear before i go to sleep . ''
the urgency between them was a tangible thing .
the only thing that 's important is power and winning at any cost . ''
her mother could give her the one thing she needed more .
maybe i needed to , because for all the years i was married , you still had the one thing i wanted . ''
despite it all , the last thing he wanted to do was to hurt her .
although once amber climbed into bed beside him , sleep would be the last thing on his mind .
her genuine pleasure at their connection was a tangible thing .
it 's disrespectful , for one thing . ''
amber 's words were the first thing on mike 's mind the next morning .
about the only thing this town did have going for it was its loyalty to its own .
the only thing missing was catcalls , but since the actual prison was only a few hundred yards away , she assumed it kept them on their best behavior .
but the one thing that had n't changed was his unwillingness to commit to clara deveaux .
` ` it suits you for one thing .
instead , the first thing she noticed other than the smoky smell was the mouse caught in jason 's trap .
that was the first thing that struck thomas about his brother 's house .
for one thing , uncle edward proposed to clara- '' ` ` he what ! ''
she 'd been drawn to vaughn back then , and considering the sexual drought she 'd been in for the last six months -- eight if she counted the dwindling days of randy dalton 's interest -- annabelle found herself longing for that one particular thing brandon vaughn had to offer .
still unsure what was going on , his skin began to tingle uncomfortably , but he ignored his mother 's accusations and addressed the one thing he did know for certain .
` ` for one thing , i never side with my parents . ''
` ` you 're crankier than usual for one thing . ''
` ` that i should let nick know i ' m interested in him , for one thing . ''
` ` another thing to admire , '' he said out loud before he could stop himself .
` ` one thing about me , mara .
the only thing she was suddenly certain of was roy 's guilt .
the last thing she remembered about her night was carter telling her he 'd turned her iced teas into the more potent long island kind .
the first thing she recalled this morning was a mouth full of cotton and a headache the likes of which she 'd never felt before .
it was one thing when they 'd made love , another for him to want to pleasure her this way .
at this point the only thing he had going for him was the fact that she and her family agreed she 'd stick by his side .
` ` that was probably the one thing that got me through .
` ` because the one thing micki learned from me beside sports is stubbornness and once that girl makes up her mind , changing it is some kind of difficult . ''
` ` this whole girlie thing . ''
riley could definitely spend some time here getting to know sophie while waiting for his father to surface , he decided , unable to suppress the thought that had been the only thing keeping him sane .
but the twinkle in her blue eyes told him sympathy was the last thing he 'd be receiving from her when they took off their clothes .
the difficult thing about getting angry at uncle yank was that he always had good intentions .
` ` i understand why you need to do this , '' she said , granting him the one thing he needed most right now : her understanding .
adults handling the news were one thing .
he might not be able to see her so well , but he knew every last thing about her and that was all that mattered .
the last thing she remembered was planning his seduction while waiting for him to bring her a blanket .
for one thing , she remained a mystery he could unravel at his leisure .
` ` anyway , the first thing i want to talk about is the media .
when i ' m on the road , the thing i appreciate most is the fresh air and the wide - open spaces . ''
the only thing missing was amy , and he figured by tomorrow , she 'd either come out or he was barging in .
` ` your calmer attitude , for one thing . ''
she appreciated the chic modern look , but the last thing she needed or wanted was for her next - door neighbor to hear her and know she was back in her room .
and they all lived happily ever after ... . 1 the first thing i noticed about audrey valdez was her hair , falling like a dark sheet of silk down her back .
the only thing you can control is your reaction to it , and you did the right thing by not punching him .
the only downside was the class i had with lottie , because when i looked at her , the only thing i could see was will .
one good thing about being honest 99 percent of the time was that the one time you needed to lie , people believed you .
she 's got this big , thing , i guess and it 's driving me crazy .
the only thing , other than life , that i 'd given her .
yeah , he had the whole tatted - up , muscled thing going on .
the funny thing was that they all followed it without question .
the great thing about bull moose was that they had not only cds , but records and old movies , and all the people who worked there knew what they were talking about .
the funny thing was , it never really got all that heated .
darah had a thing for using different colors for each class .
i ' m pretty sure they were the only thing she ever consumed .
i ' m not saying i ' m the poster child for letting go , or that i ' m even okay , but the one thing i do know is that you have to let go of this guilt , jos .
if there was one thing i loved more than actually loving dusty , it was getting to say it out loud .
` ` because , for one thing , we want to see what he 's up to , '' his superior said .
the last thing she needed to be pondering with longing these days was any of her orifices .
his grasp was the only thing about him that was easy , however .
michael had no idea what it was inside him that responded to her just then , but something , some unknown thing he 'd never felt before , something he probably could n't have explained in a million , billion years , went all soft and gooey as he watched her .
the last thing he wanted to be was someone like tatiana .
and if there was one thing selby hated , it was being an amusement to someone .
one thing michael had learned immediately after becoming a parent was that he would know fear for the rest of his life .
because that was the thing about opus .
one thing about working for opus - you never knew what the job would bring .
six if there was one thing adrian padgett hated , it was discovering an unforeseen wrinkle in his schemes .
thirteen ` ` hey , harry , you know what the absolute best thing is about being self - employed ? ''
what is the best thing about being self - employed ?
implicit in that statement , pax was sure - aside from harry 's calling him a lying , fickle tyrant , he meant - was harry 's not caring one whit what the best thing about being self - employed was .
and the fact that you 're working on a wednesday when the rest of your employees are at home with their loved ones after hours leads me to also conclude that even the best thing about being self - employed - according to your own definition , i mean - is n't particularly ... oh , what 's that delightfully american term i ' m looking for ... ? ''
and for another thing , what the hell does she have to do with anything ?
now the center of attention was the last thing he could afford to be .
his dark blue eyes - cool and sharp and distant - were the only thing that had kept the guy from looking like some gee - whiz , what 's for - supper - mom , all - american high school football hero .
the only thing worse than being in the field - where he was n't supposed to be anyway , in case he had n't mentioned it - was being in the field in new york city .
one thing about she - wolf - she never let life get in the way of her job , never let the personal overshadow the professional .
the last thing she needed right now was to have a panic attack .
for one thing , she could n't remember ever fighting with corporeal monsters during one before .
her expression was the only thing about her that resembled the woman he 'd met two nights ago .
for one thing , she did n't seem like the type to care about whether or not she 'd end up with the family jewels - especially since desmond v was in such dire need of them himself .
which was the last thing she needed - wanted - to be feeling for this man .
that was n't the only thing that was scary about him , avery thought , recalling that they wanted her to meet with him out in the great wide open .
there was only one thing a bed like this was good for , he thought as he folded his hands behind his head and gazed at the canopy - a canopy , for god 's sake - overhead .
one thing she 'd learned after two decades of dealing with men - young or old , experienced or not , they were all essentially the same .
they were driven by one thing and one thing only - their cocks .
of course , indigestion was n't the only thing carly had been giving him the past few nights .
the last thing she wanted was to go anywhere .
` ` yeah , but that 's the beautiful thing about pms , '' she told him .
no , it was the mrs . robinson thing she did n't recognize .
` ` for one thing , i know you 're not nearly as bitchy as you act . ''
` ` well , i 'll grant you there is one thing to like about me , '' she conceded .
` ` but it 's the same thing men have always liked about me . ''
if there was one thing opus hated more than anything it was not having the upper hand .
because for one thing , dixon had n't spent those weeks alone , which was his usual way of existing .
he did that look - one - way - then - the - other thing again , then held up a fat manila envelope that had seen better days .
she had infinitely better morals than lila for one thing .
which was another thing ellie liked about him .
and that was the last thing in the world he could afford to lose .
so since you ' ve already given away the thing i want most , '' he added , ` ` then i 'll just have to settle for ... '' without warning , he spun her around to face him , gripping both of her upper arms with strong fingers .
the last thing he should be wishing for was marnie .
hey , if there was one thing he knew how to do , it was clear off sebastian 's desk in a way that allowed for maximum coitus and minimal loss of equipment .
` ` the same thing it always is with you and women .
she was about to enjoy her favorite thing about being a spy : the takedown .
if there was one thing joel faraday had in spades , it was patience .
and if there was one thing adrian hated more than anything in the world , it was going unnoticed .
which , she hated to admit , might be the very thing that drew her to him .
` ` as far as i can tell from your file , the only thing you did in college besides attend class was work your ass off at three jobs .
one thing she would n't do , however , was feel anything reciprocal .
the only thing different this time was- joel .
but it 's another thing i ' m usually not all that crazy about when it comes to guys . ''
neither of them was getting it , which was why he kept noticing things like how the rosy bloom on her flesh had deepened , and how her breathing was growing more frayed , and how her luscious scent was starting to intoxicate him , and how easy it would be to have her in his lap , and then he could fill his hands with her br**sts and fill her mouth with his tongue and fill herself with himself .
the life in the suburbs thing , the whole soccer - mom existence ... that 's not me .
one good thing about being mute : silence had a tendency to make others talk .
she took a deep breath , knowing that pity was the last thing he 'd want .
` ` really , ' t is n't such a mysterious thing . ''
the last thing she heard before he disappeared into the garden was the sound of his laughter .
` ` for one thing , '' he replied , trailing his fingertips over her temples , ` ` you ca n't move . ''
that was the thing about london : a man could completely remake himself .
george went down and apollo followed , beating into that face , because it was the last thing lily had seen - the face of her killer - and he meant to destroy it .
self - control was the only thing he had left .
his mien was wise and brave , his arm was strong and swift , and he loved nothing better than to go a - hunting in the dark , wild wood ... . -from the legend of the herla king the earl of brightmore was many things , artemis thought that night : a respected peer , a man very aware of his wealth , and - in his best moments - a christian capable of adhering to the letter , if not the spirit , of compassion , but what he was not was an attentive father .
she glanced at the duke of wakefield , expecting him to be frowning after the odd couple , and she was indeed right about one thing : he was frowning .
the wonderful thing about leech was that he could be depended on .
the very last thing she wanted was for him to send her away because of some ridiculous scruples .
of all the things for her brother - the son of a marquess - to be doing , running an illegal - and immoral - gin still was the last thing she 'd guess .
his nose was straight in profile and rather elegant , which was a funny thing to think about a man 's nose , but it was .
` ` it 's the oddest thing , '' she said , coming up to him and slipping her hand through his elbow .
` ` the most important thing to remember when dancing with a lady is not to step upon her toes . ''
really , his chest might be her favorite thing in the entire world .
he must hate her or at the very least feel pity for her , and pity was the last thing she wanted from him .
it was true that isabel suspected from small hints here and there that amelia 's marriage had not been nearly as happy as her own to her dear edmund , but edmund and the late baron caire did have one thing in common : they 'd both been quite ridiculously rich .
` ` that 's the fascinatin ' thing about ye , silence , m'love .
was compassion such a strange thing to him ?
oh , it had been so very long and holding a man 's cock was a wonderful thing .
warmth was the last thing one would associate with the duke of wakefield .
and if there was one thing he 'd had enough of in this lifetime , it was jades .
for one thing , most of the ladies of her rank would ' ve simply left him to his fate in the sitting room .
but the stable master , standing by the head of the mare , was silent ... . -from queen ravenhair the first thing griffin noticed as he entered mandeville house that night was the multitude of candles .
that feeling was perhaps the most disturbing thing of all .
nick was already thinking ahead to what they might do instead of distill gin , and if there was one thing that griffin had always trusted , it was nick 's head for business .
although the tea was n't as fine as the type she was used to , it was strong and hot and at the moment seemed just the thing .
` ` are you feeling quite the thing ? ''
the last thing she needed was winter questioning her now .
the last thing she needed was the dress to completely fall off of her .
lazarus bent his head to murmur in her ear , ` ` the sad thing about being virtuous is that when one tries to lie , it does n't work very well . ''
sadly , the first thing temperance felt at this assault was disappointment rather than outrage .
` ` the main thing is to always look as if you have a poker up your '' -he cast a sideways glance at her- '' er , back .
it was a strange thing , this feeling of empathy .
the last thing she wanted to think about now was her dead husband .
the adorable toddlers might grow up to have guinevere 's enormous canine teeth for one thing , and for another , well , freddy was funny and charming and quite nice - looking , but he had n't been in love with beatrice .
these men were much better dressed for one thing .
he opened his mouth and then was n't entirely sure what to say , a thing that had never before happened to him in his life .
the frustrating thing she 'd learned about her daughter over the years was that it was no good badgering her to tell her what was the matter .
they were luminescent - even whilst bloodshot - but they were the only thing about him that could be called lovely .
the only thing that made him stand out in the least was his flaming red hair .
lord vale 's shoulders were one of her favorite things about him , but her new husband 's physique did n't seem quite the thing to discuss with her maid .
the second thing she noticed was mr . pynch .
but they all had one thing in common : they each believed they were the one who would win the trials and marry a beautiful princess royal ... ... -from laughing jack for a mistress of the night , his wife certainly rose early in the morning .
the only thing that had saved her , in fact , was that he 'd kept creeping up behind her in the mornings and losing his silly wager .
funny , it 's the only thing some people remember about me . ''
he was contained , for one thing , his movements precise and intentioned .
fear , however , was the last thing she felt .
danny 's love had been easy and natural , a thing she 'd taken for granted .
it was a frightening thing , to give herself solely over to the sensual .
` ` it is , that 's the funny thing .
` ` she has n't stood still long enough for me to talk to her , for one thing . ''
this memory would be the only thing she had of him .
a woman in her line of work made a lot of enemies , but the good thing about being an invisible assassin was that the people connected to those she killed had no idea she even existed .
self - preservation is the only thing that matters to me . ''
` ` and fyi , the whole possessive thing you ' ve got going on ?
clearly there was no such thing as privacy in this damn house .
he still had no idea who they were , and if there was one thing orlov despised , it was the unknown .
for one thing , d was protective to a fault - he always looked after his teammates , including abby , if his wedding gift to her was any indication .
` ` she 's a sassy little thing . ''
not having trevor in her life , she 'd discovered , was the most terrifying thing of all .
his lips were the only soft thing about him .
` ` your honor is my favorite thing about you , '' she said in a shaky voice .
she was the only thing on that bastard 's radar .
` ` because the only thing vince has is my heart . ''
that those thick , muscular legs encased in worn blue denim and the hard chest beneath his long - sleeved shirt did n't do a thing for her .
another thing he liked about olivia - she was n't one of those overbearing bitches who demanded that he spend every second with her .
the last thing she saw before fainting into kane 's arms was his annoyed face .
that knowledge was the only thing that reined her in .
instead , she shook her head and said , ` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned in my life , it 's that shitty things happen .
if there was one thing she 'd learned from jeremy , it was that a divided focus always led to disaster .
she could n't believe that a stupid broken wrist was the only thing stopping her from carrying out her own mission .
his eyes are doing that annoying intense thing again .
` ` i did notice one remarkable thing about you . ''
` ` taylor , i ' m a lot of things , but i can assure you that the one thing i ' m not is a good guy .
his scent is the last thing that registers as i become still and silent .
it was the one thing that made what we had too real for him .
i 'd like to think that holt plans to take me , but the only consistent thing about him is his unpredictability .
whatever you are , taylor , the one thing you 're definitely not is convenient ! ''
bitterness is the only thing holding me together .
would we still care for each other , or would each new loss make us less and less human until the only thing we cared about was ourselves ?
i had come here in order to be alone , but i found that it was the last thing i wanted now .
i had to ease that , i had to make it better for her ; she was the only thing that mattered in this world .
she was the only good thing about it .
` ` perhaps it 's the closest thing to an actual soul mate any of us will ever see , '' bishop said as he rubbed at his chin .
there were many things i had thought impossible now but to have this one thing back was one of the greatest gifts i 'd ever been given .
the press of her body against mine was the only thing that could ease the ache within my heart .
it was the only fruit my species ate , perhaps the only other thing , besides blood and souls that they consumed while aboard the ships .
` ` is n't he just the cutest thing ever ? ''
if there was one thing we had learned recently it was that anything could be dangerous , and to never let our guards down .
for one thing , it seemed to be able to mimic a human being pretty damn freaking well .
` ` if there is one thing i ' ve learned , it 's that we do n't know how much time we have left .
the last thing i wanted was to go back through that damn ghost town again but i kept my fears to myself .
i was afraid that if we left even one thing behind , it would turn out to be the one thing we needed most .
the only thing i cared about was that he was here !
no matter how much it killed me to stay away when you were the only thing i wanted , the only thing i thought of .
no matter how much it killed me to stay away when you were the only thing i wanted , the only thing i thought of .
the only thing human about cade was me .
but back then , his promise was the only thing i had to count on in those early hours , days , and weeks .
the only thing i had to cling to in order to keep some grip on the world surrounding me , in order to keep on breathing .
my fingers scrambled to keep hold of the banister ; it was the only thing that kept me from tumbling down the stairs .
the only thing i cared about right now was the fact that i could finally cover my ears .
the last thing i wanted was to be trapped and killed amongst the giant walls .
a faint rustle of the leaves was the only thing that alerted me to the fact that cade was making his way across the other side of the highway .
` ` the people that are still moving all have one thing in common . ''
it seemed to be the one thing i 'd inherited from my mother .
the last thing he wanted was for her to be sitting behind him .
the one thing i do know is that daniel should be happy and fulfilled by his parents without needing an imaginary friend . ''
the thing is , it 's the exact same notes in a pattern , over and over .
` ` funny thing about blade men , they always like to go for the throat . ''
when i flew out here , a man was the last thing on my mind . ''
one thing about working for him , he pays better than anyone i know . ''
he pushed a caress into his voice , the only thing he had to give her , separated as they were by the distance .
that 's the only thing that matters . ''
the thing is , an enemy would underestimate paul every time .
the last thing we need is more bodies to try to dispose of .
jaimie sat and watched sometimes , feeding sebastian his bottle as they ran through the urban techniques , the one thing rose had n't trained in .
that was the strange thing , rose decided , about the babies , the way they seemed so completely intent with each other , as if they were silently communicating .
one thing about kane - he never did anything by halves .
` ` first thing , but then , if he 's in the ghostwalker program , he 's hooked up and can be anybody he wants to be . ''
if there was such a thing as bedroom eyes , she had them .
he followed her up the stairs , although the last thing he wanted to do was to get back to business .
the only thing different was he requested them by name .
her breath caught in her lungs , and for just one moment she was disoriented , a frightening thing while on a narrow ledge with a wild cougar just a few feet from her .
the first thing i saw when i pushed open the door was my brother 's face .
the one thing in your life , from now until the end , is that you can always count on me . ''
he 's many things , mr . montague , but he 's a patriot as twisted as his visions for the country are .
the only thing he could think of was him and the way he showed love .
the only thing he had was his mind and he used it , pushing inside her where she was silently weeping , where the pain of her father 's betrayal cut like a knife .
the one thing he could n't have with her , the one thing he would never be able to live with - was distance .
the one thing he could n't have with her , the one thing he would never be able to live with - was distance .
the last thing i need is for some freak to be trying to play mind games with you . ''
that was the thing about jesse she loved so much ; he was so protective and dangerous .
that was another thing he 'd noticed about saber - she ignored her comfort level , even pain , as if she could block sensation for long periods of time .
jess ordered her usual 7up and orange juice without a murmur , one of the many things she appreciated about him .
i love the idea of waking up with you in my bed , wrapped in my arms , your face the first thing i see . ''
` ` your parents , for one thing , jesse .
he was a good soldier and the closest thing to a male friend she had .
she had a stubborn streak a mile wide , and it was the one thing that had gotten her through her separation from briony - through her unusual childhood - and through the degradation of whitney 's insane breeding program .
he was the closest thing any of them had to a parent , and he was cruel and cold , completely without emotion as he conducted his endless experiments .
he 'd be stupid to bring a firestorm down on his laboratory , and the one thing whitney isn't - is stupid .
the last thing she needed to do was feel the raw violence swirling around in his brain .
it was the only thing she had to give him - before she said good - bye .
it was an amazingly intimate thing to be able to feel his desperate desire for her .
he 'd waved his team off and resigned himself to the same torture his brother had endured - one more thing they shared as they had in their younger days .
the one and only thing he knew , without a shadow of a doubt , was that major keon biyoya was a walking dead man .
` ` the last thing any brother ever wants to hear is that his sister is having mind - blowing sex .
` ` jess calhoun was the closest thing to a friend jack and ken had . ''
` ` right now , tired is the number one thing i am .
` ` another thing that is interesting about what she can do , gator , is aside from ' talking ' to animals , she could conceivably create a mass exodus of , say , bats from a cave or rats from an abandoned complex using a high frequency .
the last thing she needed was for a cop to stop her , in any case , she wanted gator to feel very pleased with himself .
the last thing i need is for you to drive all the men off . ''
the one thing each incident had in common was that there were plants there .
` ` the thing about nonny is she 's very good at reading people .
it had to do with feelings , and the one thing nicolas was n't good at was dealing with emotion .
the thing that 's important to understand about me is , i do n't do anything unless i want to do it .
the most frightening thing of all was the desire to throw her to the deck and tear the clothes from her body .
` ` the most unexpected thing is the intensity . ''
she 'd traveled extensively , but the smells and the stillness of this place was a thing she 'd found nowhere else on earth .
she dug her fingers into the soil , the only thing real she could hold on to .
mitro called it weakness - to care for those helpless before a hunter 's great power - but that need to serve , to protect , was the only thing that had ever stood between dax and the same darkness to which mitro and so many other carpathian hunters had succumbed .
the only thing that ever changed his course besides a hunter getting too close was information he could turn to his advantage .
her mouth moving against his chest was the most erotic thing he had ever felt .
there would be no living without him , and no precious freedom - the thing she wanted above all else .
the only thing that had stopped dimitri was knowing what his unclaimed lifemate would suffer without him .
it was the only thing he could give her without betraying who he was .
everything about him appealed to her , when she thought he would be the last thing she wanted .
` ` if she was a boy , gregori would n't have any problem allowing her to try to jump from the slide to the playhouse roof , but he has this thing about his girls . ''
` ` the only thing i remember of him , other than that he was a good man who answered questions when i asked him about various weapons , was the one time he took me out to the lake to show me how to fight in the water . ''
` ` well , one thing about josef - he 's thorough . ''
the thing about this transition , skyler , is that it continues to mutate .
razvan sent gabriel and lucian one silent look , turned on his heel and abruptly left the doorway , striding away , the set of his shoulders the only thing that gave away his absolute rage .
that manly man thing you ' ve mentioned in the past .
` ` one thing i do remember , '' razvan said , ` ` was how excited he was to find your mother .
this mixed blood thing is n't anyone 's fault .
the feeling was the most amazing thing .
zev let go of his lifeline and the moment he did nearly panicked - another thing men like him did n't do .
no matter how much i want you with me , you have to want that same thing .
the one thing for certain tatijana and i learned in the ice caves was how to fight in a battle .
that was the wonderful thing about zev .
he surrounded her with warmth and love , the only thing he could do when he could n't physically hold her .
that was the thing about zev she loved the most - his belief in her abilities - in their ability when they were together .
the only thing that saved zev and dimitri from being covered in poisonous quills was their mixed blood speed .
the blonde swiveled her head like a snake to prey and her eyes did that sweeping thing that happened to him once in a while .
she 'd have the smile and nod thing down in no time at this rate .
observing from the sidelines was one thing ... living with them would be completely different .
if there was one thing their brief intimate moment proved , it was that he was n't sated .
gwen loved sharing the home with another woman her age , but the last thing she wanted was for anyone in the family to feel sorry for her .
from then on , the only thing she saw was the back of neil 's head .
the last thing they needed was bad weather .
driving through the gates secured by armed guards was the only thing close to the ivory tower neil needed for gwen .
gwen was sure of no such thing ... but if there was one thing she had learned after living in the states for nearly a year it was that americans were wonderful at saying things they did n't mean .
the only thing that did was getting closer to the man who held her .
they spoke for a few minutes about the drive , the weather ... any damn thing but why they were there .
the last thing neil needed was a civilian f**king things up .
which is the only thing about getting married every year that 's worth the effort by the way .
` ` if there is one thing my mother taught me , it was how to handle the media . ''
jim was the closest thing to a brother he 'd ever had and even his own daughter did n't go out of the way to call , even on father 's day .
your high profile life is what started this mess , and the last thing eliza needs is more media exposure . ''
you 're getting married tomorrow , and if there is one thing i missed out on with my marriage to blake , it was a bachelorette party . ''
the last thing they enjoy is a scene .
` ` about that soul mate thing .
` ` the last thing you ate in here was a hamburger . ''
it was the only thing she had left of her mother .
the last thing she wanted was an interruption .
the last thing she remembered before blackness came was the distinct smell of ether .
the only thing missing was a horrible accent and an italian name .
both women had elegant lines in their faces with high cheekbones and bright eyes ... only brenda 's eyes had one thing in spades that joanne 's did n't .
the last thing i need is to wonder if you 're beside me for your baby or for me . ''
the tick in her father 's left eye was the only thing on him moving .
the last thing dakota needed was to catch something hanging out in a hospital .
the last thing we need is more walking wounded filling these rooms . ''
the last thing the island needed was bad weather .
` ` iced coffee is the thing back home . ''
` ` same thing applies with flying .
` ` you only have to find out what that one thing is , '' she finished for him .
` ` i figured out what my one thing is .
her left eye did this little twitchy thing when she was being untruthful .
if there was one thing he 'd learned from his friend jack 's relationship with jessie , it was that sisters , even newly in - lawed sisters , talked .
there was one thing going for the nickname that she could n't deny .
` ` is his timing the only thing bothering you ? ''
if there was one thing patrick had learned in all his years of being a pi , it was that when you acted as if you belonged , people seldom questioned if you did .
the last thing katie needed was more drama .
if there was one thing she knew about jack it was his loyalty to people he called friend .
still , the two men had one very big thing in common .
` ` do you feel the same thing this week ? ''
helen was the closest thing to a daughter she 'd ever had .
leaving them was the only thing about the trip that bothered him .
if there was one thing written in time , it was the fact that when one bonded with an unwilling partner , the bonded one followed their love until the end , which often came too soon , and the other moved through life more powerful , but slightly incomplete .
if there was one thing he 'd learned in this time , it was to let others speak their piece before he offered his own .
the closest thing she could recall was knife fighting , like with the one in her hand .
the void of a loved one 's death was the only thing that compared .
the woman was the closest thing to family helen had .
if he 'd learned one thing about the woman in his arms it was that she ran away whenever they stopped holding each other .
if there was one thing in life simon knew , it was that tomorrow could hold his unexpected future .
if there was one thing helen knew , it was how to be a woman without a family .
one good thing about having a house full of people was her ability to play each against the other to sneak out .
if being with the maccoinnich clan had taught her one thing , it was to trust her instincts .
the only thing keeping her on her feet was the uncertainty on simon 's face .
death and decay she could tolerate , but filth was another thing all together .
having fin with her was the only thing keeping her sane .
the only thing she remembered was your name . ''
the cars were parked right up next to it for one thing , and every stone that made up the walls were too perfect .
the last thing he needed was to add homeless to his list of problems .
one thing about me : i do n't lie to myself .
for one thing , i catch a glimpse of a blackened doll lying in the grass by the airplane 's wheel , its face melted away .
it 's the same thing as when people say that they eat like a bird when they mean to convey that they do n't eat much .
i ' ve known him since we were kids and honestly , i ca n't like like someone who knows every single thing about me .
then we have one thing in common , at least .
` ` you need one more thing , '' she muses .
i shrug nonchalantly , as though i do n't care , as though he is n't the first thing i thought of this morning when i woke up or the last thing i thought of before i went to sleep last night .
i shrug nonchalantly , as though i do n't care , as though he is n't the first thing i thought of this morning when i woke up or the last thing i thought of before i went to sleep last night .
the last thing i need is to trip and fall in front of everyone .
and the great thing about kinks ?
i honestly think it 's the best thing about giliberti house .
and the most important thing is that he is staring at me because that means his eyes are open .
i would n't change one thing about it . ''
the only thing we share is skin the color of cream and the same shape of nose , straight , aquiline , with a slight tilt on the end .
the only thing worse than drowning in grief is sharing a lifeboat with other drowning people .
4 quatuor calla one thing about this mountain in the summertime , is that time seems to slow to almost a stand - still and days blend into each other .
after a minute , he smiles and i decide that his smile might be my new favorite thing .
if there 's one thing i ' ve gotten good at , it 's sorting through crazy situations .
his smile is the last thing i think of before i drift away into oblivion , and it reappears , over and over , in my dreams .
because one thing about my brother , he never remains calm .
i know i should be more worried about my brother because it 's dark and he 's alone and he never stays out this late by himself , but the gin has accomplished one thing aside from rendering my tongue muscles useless .
the only thing i know is that the sheets smell like dare ... woodsy and male .
i picture my list in my head , because it 's the only thing that drowns out the voices .
chapter one from the beginning eva as i step from the ferry onto the pier , the first thing i notice about malta is the smell in the air .
sleeping became the most important thing in the world , second only to breathing .
the electricity between us is almost a tangible thing .
coffee is the first thing she thinks about .
but there 's one thing about me that you should .
there 's only one thing that matters .
it was just one more thing on the long list of things that she used to take for granted .
it was just one more thing on the long list of things that she used to take for granted .
she also realized that his chest was n't the only thing that was hard .
the one thing that she could pinpoint was need .
or is the only thing you care about the life that he gives you - the social standing , the money , the jet ... '' she trailed off as she took in her mother 's face .
the house looked perfectly normal with the only thing of note about it being the fact that it was so small .
but in addition to my rage , there 's only one thing i feel .
but things have changed , and the only thing i feel at the moment is annoyance , that her arrival has triggered doubts in nora .
that 's one thing about the olympians .
` ` i will always be the most important thing to him .
the strange thing was that i always knew that you were my sister .
` ` well , he had me wake you up for one thing , '' she pointed out .
it was a beautiful setting and it was absent of only one thing .
it was a personal thing , akin to having a flaccid member at the most inopportune moments .
and the most sobering thing about it was that the man had actually appeared tonight .
one thing he 'd learned about angelica woodmore : she was n't a fool .
the thing that frightened her the most was that the idea of being alone in the bedchamber with voss did n't frighten her , or concern her .
` ` if there is one thing i ' ve learned from this gift i have , it 's that one can not fear death .
there was one good thing about belial appearing at the gray stag tonight with his companions : that meant he was n't attempting to abduct angelica or her sisters .
the room was enveloped in a billowing , ugly , purple cloud , and the last thing she saw before the space became dark was voss 's silhouette , hugging the wall .
the very last thing , the last thing , she wanted was to be living in that man 's house - guardian or no .
the very last thing , the last thing , she wanted was to be living in that man 's house - guardian or no .
since the ruby festooning meg 's neck was the first thing dimitri had seen when he woke from that fateful dream one hundred and thirty - eight years ago , his asthenia was the bloodred gemstone .
the details of that night were so very vague and foggy , but one thing she did recall with absolute clarity was the earl 's furious , dark eyes .
the last thing any of them needed was a scandal attached to angelica .
there were many things about the life as a dracule that were violent , unsavory and base , but child - bleeding was one thing he would n't look away from .
that was the thing about her .
not that she was going to enjoy being in his company that much , but if she 'd learned one thing about the earl , it was that he hated being bothered by people .
that was n't the only thing he could scent .
the first thing she noticed was the dark pool on the floor , and immediately attributed the strange scent she 'd smelled to it .
if she comes back ... '' she let the threat hang there , for , if she knew one thing about the earl , it was that he took his responsibilities gravely .
the first thing he saw was a blood streak on the sheets , and then the small marks on her slender , ivory neck .
the only thing i care about , '' he said , his lips and jaw tight , ` ` is freeing myself of this . ''
that knowledge was the only thing that kept her hopeful as , day after day , she lived an eternity under her brother 's control .
giordan had lived more than a hundred years , and one thing he 'd come to realize was that fanaticism and violence had a way of turning on to those who wielded them .
and so it was that , when giordan awakened the next morning after a hazy , dark dream in which the devil had promised him immortality and power and even more riches , the first thing he saw was chaton .
but whatever it was that moldavi intended , giordan had also learned one other thing : without a doubt , the man was exceedingly cunning .
the one thing she had no control over was her body .
` ` the first thing i saw when i woke the morning after ... the morning after luce visited me ... was a sparrow , singing in the tree outside my bedroom window . ''
one thing about cezar - he had absolute attention to detail , and a long memory .
one thing about voss : he never tired of the courting , the chase or the variety .
the last thing he remembered was a light ... bright and white and pure , burning inside his mind .
the thing about stakes ; they were n't good for distance .
her eyes were closed of course , but that was one thing he remembered clearly : the intense blue - violet color in them , ringed with black , flecked with dark colors .
perhaps that was because she 'd come to realize one disturbing thing about chas : he hated - perhaps even feared - her draculean tendencies , and he loathed himself for being attracted to a vampir .
` ` the last thing i need right now is some chick taking over my entire bathroom . ''
the last thing he needs right now is more stress , and if he finds out i ' ve been in touch with our father , he 'll take it personally . ''
` ` is whiskey the only thing you have ? ''
she was the first thing that he 'd wanted , that he 'd needed , in over one thousand years .
and your kiss is the only thing that can help me .
the last thing she saw was the man .
she was the only thing he could see .
actually , the last thing she remembered was that truck ride from hell .
right then , she was the closest thing to him .
the last thing i need now .
hoped - but hope was such a weak thing .
` ` i bet death is the last thing he 's thinking about . ''
` ` she 's the only thing i want ! ''
the last thing she remembered was being in that old , beat - up truck with sam .
if there was one thing he knew how to do , it was track .
she was the only thing he knew .
the only thing he wanted .
freedom was the one thing she wanted .
the only thing he 'd ever cared about was gone .
since the last thing she remembered was a fire so hot it scorched her breath , she had n't quite expected ... this .
i ' m a succubus ... feeling is kinda my thing . ''
the last thing she wanted was to get chummy with some frat boy looking for a good time .
love ... it seems like the only thing that matters when you 're seventeen . ''
az had taken away the one thing that bastion cared for in this world .
fear was the last thing she felt right then .
the closest thing to a friend that she had .
one thing she 'd learned about tanner , he always kept his promises .
if he was dying , she 'd be the last thing he tasted .
in this world , she was the one thing he wanted .
the only thing , other than his brother , that had ever mattered .
the last thing she wanted was for him to battle sammael .
naked , body glistening , she was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
right then , she was the only thing that mattered .
the only thing that mattered was getting to her .
she was the only thing he wanted .
the last thing he wanted to do was leave .
the last thing she wanted was an encounter like last time .
but when she 'd followed him outside and wrapped her arms around chance , comfort had soon been the last thing on her mind .
one thing she 'd learned from her father 's business dealings ... when you were facing an adversary , you needed to stay in a position of strength .
` ` the only thing i care about is gwen .
gwen told you what she wanted , and , from now on , the only thing i care about ... is giving gwen what she wants . ''
when her blood flowed onto his tongue , it was the best thing he 'd ever tasted .
the last thing she wanted right then was a confrontation between those two .
but the thing about vampires ... they did n't just have a few years of bad deeds behind them .
` ` funny thing about that ... '' david 's voice rasped .
the last thing you 'll ever feel on this earth will be his teeth tearing into you . ''
one good thing about vamps , stamina was definitely their strong suit .
` ` that place is a powder keg , and the last thing i want is for it to explode . ''
before the impact , the last thing she heard was shane shouting her name .
` ` it 's the only thing keeping her in check ! ''
she was n't emitting some kind of werewolf pheromone beacon thing , was she ?
her lips were the first thing he 'd noticed about her - they were full and red .
getting stuck as a half - woman , half - wolf , well , that 's more the thing of nightmares . ''
the last thing he wanted was to deal with eric right then .
right then , the only thing he seemed to want was chloe .
and the only thing that mattered to her ... still being with connor .
before waking in apollo 's bed , the last thing she remembered was being in the parking lot hades , feeling the scorching burn of the sun 's rays on her skin , then- ` ` i space jump when i need to get from one place to another in just a few seconds . ''
he 'd fought for every single thing that he had .
the crisp air hit her , pushing back some of the nausea , but not doing a thing to alleviate her fear .
the only thing ... '' she tried to break away again .
her love had been the most precious thing in his life .
dancing was the only thing that had always gotten her through life .
his eyes were the last thing that she saw before everything went dark .
he said her name again because she was the only thing that mattered .
` ` you ' ve been the only thing that mattered to me since i was seventeen years old . ''
` ` the last thing i want is for her to fear me , '' trace said .
the last thing i want is for you to get hurt . ''
instead , parker had to fight for every single thing that he had .
it was the one thing he could n't give her .
because that was the only thing that she wanted .
she 'd been the only thing he could think about on the flight home .
the last thing she needed right then was a confrontation .
the picture of claire , sara , and her parents - the only thing that had been salvaged from her time at the hamlet hotel .
because she was the only thing that mattered to him .
the last thing he wanted was for noah to keel over .
* * * when claire opened her eyes , the first thing she saw was ... noah .
ties were the last thing he wanted .
you 're hurt- '' ` ` pain ... is the last thing i feel right now .
because if there was one thing that drake knew how to do , it was fight a war .
` ` funny thing about those life or death moments ... when you 're bleeding out in the snow , your mind will play tricks on you .
the thing i liked most about that picture ... you can already see the love in their eyes . ''
` ` when her eyes opened , you were the first thing that she asked about .
` ` the thing about kurt taggert ... people do n't just hire him to kill .
his voice had done that thing where it deepened even more , turning into a hard growl of sound , and her knees wanted to do a little jiggle because that growl - yes , it was hot .
as the cl**ax tore through her , his grip was the only thing that kept her upright .
the last thing he wanted was to worry jasmine .
` ` not a damn thing about me . ''
` ` her name 's jasmine , and she 's the closest thing to a sister that i ' ve ever had .
she was looking at the only thing that mattered right then .
the only thing that mattered was that he did love her .
she was the one thing he 'd found that he would fight for .
there 's no such thing as destiny .
that thought , that delicious little promise to myself , is the only thing keeping me sane right now .
the only thing i can hear over their voices is the bass .
the last thing i see before we 're going too fast for her to keep up is her little purse , swinging out and coming into tarin 's window .
the only thing i can feel is pain , and the worst part is that i do n't know if it 's his or mine .
his sad half - smile is the last thing i see of him until i ' m back at his house later that evening .
but really the only thing i knew was this stupid reality i 'd created for myself .
you ' ve got the whole beauty thing going , brains enough for the both of us , athletic skills in the ring - even though you let a teenager kick your ass once , but i ' m willing to write that off as a fluke - and you can appreciate the kind of music i make .
the only thing similar between the two are the eyes .
the ice - green eyes are the only thing left of her beauty .
that was the one thing they always had in common and it has n't changed ; they both like to laugh .
her heart is the only thing she has left .
the only thing that 's ever worked to keep the kid on a smooth track is redirection .
that 's the great thing about kids his age ... short attention spans . ''
it knocks her almost to the ground , the only thing keeping her up being the fresh hold he has on her hair .
trust is a wonderful thing ; it opens the heart and lets in the light that chases the dark away .
the first thing brian notices is swelling around her cheeks and jaw .
eye - rolling was not jonathan 's thing , and it was pretty funny on him .
the vision of herself waving a gun around at a police officer who was trying to take her friend into juvie was the last thing she remembered before falling into a heavy slumber .
jonathan might have just ignored him and continued on his mission , except for one thing : he was just standing there , staring out into the parking lot .
their time together had caused him to question every single thing about himself : his morals , his lifestyle , his friends , his goals , his past , and even his future .
the first thing he saw was james , who came tearing out of the darkness to bark at his wheels .
he came out of the water as smoothly and quietly as possible , the first thing he heard upon surfacing the frenzied growls of xena .
sarah rounded the corner from the front hall , and the first thing he noticed was her face .
the only thing they could hear was the roar of the wave and their screams .
the first thing they noticed was the sun .
` ` that 's the thing - she did nothing .
he fell asleep within seconds , the waves breaking against the shore the last thing he remembered hearing .
the only thing that revives me is ian shaking me several times with his arm .
` ` what 's your favorite thing to cook ? ''
besides , i do n't want him thinking the first thing i want to do when i get up is see his face , even if it is .
hair is my thing , so when i see a nice head of it , i want to get my hands on it . ''
it 's that bad - boy syndrome thing again .
the only thing showing is her tiny pink face .
it 's one thing to be all goo - goo over a guy , but it 's a whole other thing for him to know i ' m all goo - goo over him .
this is my thing , falling for someone completely inappropriate .
` ` the thing about ian is that until i met him , i did n't know what i wanted in my life .
the only thing he knew about me was that i was a klutzy chick who liked to spend his money .
not one single thing . ''
the only thing keeping her from being a totally cliche diner waitress was bubblegum - smacking .
` ` sometimes when our lives are out of control , the only thing that makes us feel secure is to swing in the opposite direction .
` ` believe me , your help is the last thing i need . ''
the only thing she was missing were ponytails on either side of her head ; instead , her hair was left curly and loose .
i know this sounds terrible , but the only thing i remembered about you was your eyes , your face , and your hat .
i realized in that moment that the only thing i would miss about being a lawyer in west palm beach would be ruby .
the only thing keeping me from hitting the ground is his solid chest .
` ` if i could change one thing about colin , i would bring him peace .
my arm is behind me , twisted in a very uncomfortable position , but it 's the only thing keeping me from tumbling head over belly to the ground below so i do n't want to let go .
the only thing getting in my way of doing more is not having transportation .
maybe it 's not realistic , but it 's the only thing i have to hang onto right now .
but one thing i am sure of is that it 's not embarrassment .
and now we have this thing we ' ve shared too , him helping me move past my traumatic past sexual experience .
` ` i do n't know for sure about anything except for one thing . ''
the last thing i need is jersey attaching himself again .
as i walk into rebel 's place , the first thing i see is alissa sitting on the couch with an e - reader in her hand .
i open my eyes , and the first thing i see is him lying there staring at the ceiling .
we both have a thing with names , which is only one of the many reasons we get along so well .
he 's being so nice to me , the last thing i want to do is insult him .
sexy is the last thing i feel like i can be right now .
he does me the favor of ignoring me and saying nothing , and that 's when i realize this whole silent treatment thing he has going on is actually kind of cool .
his hand is the last thing to go , sliding off the door jamb .
i know it pissed me off that my father sent it to me in the first place , but it 's the only thing i have left of him ; and now the damn thing is broken .
calm was the last thing she was feeling .
chapter thirteen when cassie opened her eyes , the first thing she saw was ... dante .
he 'd loved her for years , and the memory of love - that was the only thing that could always get through the fire .
the last thing she wanted right then was to feel his teeth sinking into her throat .
when ryder opened his eyes , she was the first thing he saw .
after everything that had happened , the last thing she should be thinking about was sex .
the same thing she felt .
the only thing , the only person that i needed ... lost .
the last thing she saw was the fire .
but every damn thing about her was sexy to him .
no , limp was the last thing she felt right then .
the one thing he wanted ... was the one thing that could cost him everything .
it was the thing she needed most .
she was the only thing the beast wanted .
the only thing she was thinking about was survival .
` ` he was the closest thing to a brother i ever had .
she was the only thing that had ever mattered .
the last thing i need right now .
the last thing she needed was this crap on her front lawn .
he had n't given her the name , but if there was one thing he 'd realized about his holly - the woman had some damn good sources .
he was white , for one thing , and her girls had never been into the white men .
susan thought the stories were half bull , but one thing was undeniable - the demon knew what she 'd been up to while he 'd been watching other prey .
but the damn annoying thing was that she understood .
one thing he 'd learned about smith in the six years they 'd worked together , the woman could hold a serious grudge .
the thing i want most .
easy was the last thing she felt right then .
yet the only thing he could do was hold her .
she was the only thing he felt .
` ` i remembered what noelle said , about you being the thing the guy cared about the most , and he was so hell - bent on getting you out of there ... '' she barely heard him .
` ` it 's late all right , but i ' m betting you ' ve got so much adrenaline pumping through your body that sleep is the last thing on your mind . ''
` ` you were the only thing i saw . ''
leaving her alone was the last thing on his mind .
the one thing that he was n't going to give up .
` ` sweetheart , if i handcuff you again , you 'll be in my bed - and trouble will be the last thing i get . ''
easy was the last thing he felt .
the first thing he saw was the blood .
pity was the last thing he wanted from her .
now , she truly was the only good thing left in his life .
` ` the last thing i want is to hurt her , '' cale conceded .
resting was the last thing on her mind .
her confidence was a brittle thing right then , and when a naked woman offered herself to her lover , well , she expected him to take her up on that offer .
when the plane touched down , and she headed out on the tarmac , the heat was the first thing to hit her .
` ` you 're the only thing that matters to slade .
i think you 're the only thing keeping him going . ''
but the last thing sydney was feeling was easy at that moment .
` ` funny thing about that ... the cameras were n't working then . ''
if only he wanted the same thing .
` ` keep your head down , '' he told her because the last thing he wanted was for her to become a target .
and the one thing that fate just might try to take away from him .
relaxed was the last thing he felt .
` ` there 's a thing about history .
* * * when logan opened his eyes , the first thing he saw was juliana .
you 'll get hurt ... '' ` ` the only thing that can hurt me is being away from you . ''
the last thing lucas saw was sarah 's face .
if she was dying , he 'd be the last thing she saw in this world .
` ` you 're the first thing i think about when i open my eyes .
the handcuffs were keeping them together and , though zane did n't realize it , those cuffs were the only thing that had kept him alive so far .
one thing about demons ... the lower - level demons were such sellouts .
since the last thing she remembered was standing in front of dusk and getting shot - that bitch was so gon na pay for that - jana did n't move immediately .
the last thing she wanted was for that witch to pity her .
` ` these bastards seem to have a hard - on for hunters and the last thing i want them to get is a tiger 's pelt . ''
` ` my fire is the only thing that has saved me over the years .
` ` gift , curse , all the same damn thing . ''
the last thing jana wanted to do was walk in there and find the cop 's dead body .
` ` sometimes vengeance is the only thing that keeps you going . ''
he 'd given her his word , after all , and one thing about that demon , he always kept his word .
the same thing she sought .
right then , the only interesting thing she saw was bobby .
the only thing , other than her black hair , that she 'd gotten from her father .
` ` and i know with that ass**le out there , the last thing you need is a man trying to get too close . ''
but the thing about the born , whenever they created a new vampire , a taken , well , that vamp was tied to the born master .
` ` because the last thing i wanted was for you to fear me . ''
since it was his office , the guy should have felt plenty comfortable heading inside , but judging by the look on his face , comfort was the last thing james felt .
she 's the only thing i want .
sleep was the last thing on kyle 's mind .
that was the thing about fear .
cadence was the one thing that calmed him , that centered him .
deep inside , kyle knew the room had been the last thing his sister had ever seen .
cadence was the only thing that made life worth living for him .
because karen was the one thing that had mattered to him in this world .
one thing bothered him ... i do n't share my feelings or my past .
that was the only thing that made since to him .
he still wanted that one thing .
with the baton rouge summer blaring down on them , the cold should have been the last thing she felt .
you 're the first thing in my head each morning .
by all accounts , she 's the only thing that ever mattered to the man . ''
the badge was the only thing holding him in check .
it was the one thing she 'd never thought she 'd be able to give a man again .
actually , the last thing he wanted right then was to be in the limelight .
no , no , quinlan was the only thing that he had in this world .
the only thing i have ... quinlan .
the first thing that she noticed was the broken balcony door .
maybe the last thing that he 'd ever see would be her pale face surrounded by the floating cloud of her hair .
` ` m - max ... '' he was the only thing that mattered to her right then .
` ` but sometimes it 's the only thing that keeps you going . ''
` ` not a damn thing , '' hyde assured him .
the last thing he wants is to walk in his footsteps . ''
the last thing she ever said was my name . ''
monica could tell by his face that easy was the last thing kenton was feeling .
she was the only thing that mattered right then .
` ` she was the only thing that mattered . ''
but if one thing had been drilled into him in those profile classes at the academy , it was that even dead victims could talk .
` ` not a damn thing , '' she gritted .
the last thing he ever wanted to become was a f**ked - up killer .
his eyes were the only thing she could see in the darkness , glinting at her .
right then , the only thing she cared about was the way he made her feel .
for every damn thing she 'd always wanted and could n't have .
the last thing he heard was that whisper .
the last thing she wanted was to talk .
` ` knowing about your past does n't change a damn thing about the way i feel . ''
the thing about people - they always healed .
the closest thing to a father she 'd ever had .
` ` look , mister , you 're the thing scaring me the most right now . ''
every f**kin ' thing about you ? ''
` ` you 're the first thing i remember . ''
he would guide her , show her every f**kin ' thing about his body .
the first thing that jane noticed was the fire .
the last thing she wanted was for him to put those big , warm hands of his on her again .
every single thing about her mattered .
he knew one thing about vampires and their bloodlust ... sex and blood were always tied for the vamps .
the only thing that remained - jace .
the only thing he knew was that she was n't going to the sheriff 's by herself tomorrow .
realm 's sister 's final words to me resonate : sometimes the only real thing is now .
if there 's one thing the program made us experts at , it 's repression .
` ` the last thing i remember , '' he says , ` ` was the thought that it was n't black blood at all .
the last thing i want is to see my best friend get taken away .
i ' m clinging to an unlikely expectation , but it 's the only thing keeping me going .
` ` he 's the only thing i care about anymore . ''
` ` this can save one stray thought , one thing you do n't want to lose .
` ` i think that sometimes the only real thing is now . ''
so with that thought , i begin again - thinking to myself that sometimes ... the only real thing is now .
her eyebrows always did a weird shaking thing when she was n't telling the truth .
if there was one thing that had gotten me through tough times in the past , it was cheerleading .
` ` if there 's one thing we know about aiden , it 's not to jump to conclusions . ''
i watched her , unsure where the animosity was coming from , because if there was one thing i knew , it was that smitten kittens did n't hold animosity toward each other .
` ` i have a weird thing with feet .
the thing was , if the smitten kittens were found out to be sos , the guys in the school would freak .
i ' m the only thing glowing - a golden light under my skin .
even though sleep is the only thing i consciously want , i know inside that this is n't right .
sorry to bug you , but it 's the strangest thing .
in his heart , it was the only thing left to live for .
the night around us is dark and starless and harlin is the only beautiful thing in sight .
it 's the only thing that 'll keep me real .
i sway in the chair and stare at his dull glow , the only thing i can see .
for one thing , making a submissive wolf an alpha female was next to impossible .
he wanted to hold her and comfort her , but if she did n't trust him , the last thing she would feel was comforted .
groveling would n't do him any good - not that he knew how to grovel anyway - because the last thing shaya would ever be attracted to or respect was someone worthy of pity .
the guy was an extremely dominant alpha - the last thing he would want was any misconceptions about such a thing .
but that was the thing about nick .
but the only thing that could totally calm him right then was the feel of her , and that was n't something he could indulge in .
it 's the last thing i need . ''
this was the thing about nick : he was n't overbearing , oppressive , and tyrannical like a lot of alphas .
the only thing that stopped him from throwing accusations about the game preserve at logan was that he did n't want to make the people behind it nervous .
the only thing that kept it in check was that , having waited so long for this , he wanted to savor every minute .
` ` guilt 's a funny thing , is n't it ?
reflexively , he moved to rip the ass**le 's limbs off , but then there was the sound of the only thing that could have gotten through to him - shaya 's voice .
the need for information was the only thing that had kept the human alive to that point .
i ' ve told shaya over and over that she 's all i want , but another thing i ' ve come to realize about her is that words mean shit to her .
the only thing that had stopped her was the knowledge that taryn 's heart was in the right place .
it was another thing he had come to learn about her .
he 'd give her anything she wanted , but not that one thing .
the great thing about their shifter senses was that they did n't need to get close to hear and see what was going on .
yeah , pride could be a dumb thing but , dammit , she was sick of feeling the need to run from other people .
and it would give her a sense of purpose - another thing she would enjoy having .
the only thing stopping nick from growling at the ass**le was that roni was simply looking at the guy blankly , totally bamboozling him .
` ` the only good thing about this life is the power and strength .
one thing he loved about shaya was that her responses were without deception or exaggeration ; she simply allowed her desire to flood her veins , rule her , and take her where she needed to be .
that was another thing about her that got the attention of both man and wolf .
as such , the brief fling might not have been so brief if it had n't been for one thing ... shawn was human .
see , this was the thing about betas - they often took their role as ` ` protector '' a little too literally .
` ` that 's the thing , he said nothing .
one thing that every enforcer has to be an expert at is stealth - and it 's something that is very good at helping with self - control , so i 'll be teaching it to you .
` ` look , it 's one thing not having a flight response , but it 's another thing to have no sense of self - preservation .
as much as he 'd wanted to talk to jaime , the last thing he 'd needed was to hear her husky voice and have her distracting him .
the last thing i 'd expected was to see her .
i 'd been sort of content , but that 's not the same thing as being happy .
the only thing he wanted now was more of her .
the only thing stopping dante from acting on the urge to join ryan and dominic in hunting down the shooter was that jaime was hurt .
and the last thing i want right now is to be battling with another pack .
if there was one thing she knew for sure , it was that he would never ever hurt her .
jaime would have been just as sympathetic if it had n't been for one thing .
feeling her skin against his and smelling the unique smell of their combined scents were the only things keeping his anxiety at bay .
for one thing , she could n't recall arranging a night out , let alone actually venturing out .
as for why he wanted to take her as his mate ... the only thing she could figure was that he wanted an alliance with her dad .
power is a heady thing for me .
one thing she had learnt from her mom was the importance of saving money , so at least she had some to take with her .
not a damn thing about this mating - other than her having escaped roscoe - was good , but she would n't back out on a deal .
why the bird followed her around sometimes she had no idea , but that had been another thing that she and joey used to marvel at together - the way birds were so at ease with her , almost attracted to her .
but one thing she knew about trey was that , like all alphas , he had a lot of pride , and one thing that was hard for him to do was admit he was wrong .
she knew he could n't offer her the one other thing she was missing - just plain old someone to care about her - but he could give her those other things if she would trust her safety to him .
anyone else might have been very careful how they spoke to the mate of someone like trey coleman , but one thing brodie always loved to do was make herself look the big strong female in front of big bad alphas .
to be loved , adored and worshipped like that by the person you loved in turn had to be the most amazing thing in the world .
chapter thirteen the one thing taryn had always known would be annoying about being mated was that having such an intense connection to someone meant there were no secrets .
she could feel an orgasm ready to tear through her and the last thing she wanted was for him to stop .
` ` yes , and that was the only thing that kept me from reacting . ''
the only thing stopping the wolf from acting on his raging anger and going for the uncle 's throat was that his claws were pressed threateningly against her stomach - the grey wolf understood the threat , understood cause and effect .
an amazing thing about them was that they changed colour with their mood .
one thing i had noticed about butch was that his crooked grins never quite reached his eerily dark eyes .
the thing about svente saliva was that it could spark the ' blood donor ' to have an orgasm if the vampire drank from them for more than ten seconds .
but for another thing , i like the life we have now .
` ` what worries me about having someone hovering over me is that they might pick up on the hybrid thing . ''
the last thing i wanted was for sam to sense them .
one thing jared was extremely good at was sussing out a person 's strengths and weaknesses .
the last thing that i wanted was to be at odds with jared .
that was one great thing about jared .
the last thing you have to worry about is being harmed here .
` ` the one thing i love about this squad is that it functions like a well - oiled machine . ''
being g*y , the last thing he was interested in was my body .
the last thing i wanted was him hurting , especially during the week of our binding .
but that was the thing about butch ; he could stand there plotting someone 's death while looking as cool and calm as if he were watching a movie .
the only thing i saw was a mop of black curls .
i knew that was the only thing stopping evan from taking alora away from the high master .
however , appreciating them when there was a glass wall between you and the snake was one thing .
the last thing we needed was to have a door we could n't lock behind us , as that would allow others to glimpse inside .
the only thing that will allow me to have any effect on sam , a vampire , is that her development is no longer frozen .
the only thing making them keep an open mind is that her gifts are so powerful .
the only thing stopping it from looking real was that the buildings were made of plywood .
the great thing about jared is that once he does , once they 're ' in ' , he does n't hold back from them .
not a bloody thing .
the last thing we needed was that woman to be extremely pissed off .
another thing in my favour was that you could always count on a pagori to stupidly rely on their immense strength .
the only thing i feel for magda is pure and utter contempt , so get your facts straight before saying shit like that . ''
` ` one thing that applied to all of them was that they were financially struggling .
the thing with rural areas was that everybody tended to know everybody , and strange vehicles would attract attention .
blokes always did the same thing when that happened ; they momentarily tensed and then all energy seemed to leave them as they dropped whatever they were holding and fell to their knees , cupping their balls , and that was exactly what he did .
the last thing i wanted was to get frozen again .
that was n't the only thing that i could feel .
apparently , the general gist was that our death as a human was not the end for us , as vampires , but the beginning of something new ; that to find someone to spend our immortal lives with was a special thing that should not be overlooked or taken for granted , but welcomed and valued above all else .
and the great thing about binding ceremonies - well , great for people like me who did n't like cheesy stuff - was that you did n't have to recite a string of vows .
the last thing that i wanted was to be serving an even more powerful arsehole .
for one thing , going by the fact that your skin - tone is n't very pale , i 'd say you 're only a few years old and that 's just not enough experience as a vampire for you to have a chance at landing a spot in the legion .
only one thing stopped all that from being the turn - on that it should be : i could make it happen so easily .
` ` you know what , commander michaels '' - there was no respect in the title , it was patronising , and i loved it - ` ` i would have thought that today might have at least taught you one thing ; women might just be able to handle things better than what you give them credit for .
suddenly i was lying on my back , my head the only thing not connecting with the floor , being slid toward him .
victor had been right about one thing ; he 'd made me ... and i 'd just gone and killed my maker .
one thing that really impressed me about him was that although his twin brother had been made heir and was highly thought of and involved in absolutely everything , evan was n't a bit jealous .
` ` but , see , that 's the thing with jared .
that was the thing that got to me : i should n't be able to sense his emotions so well .
one thing i know for certain is that he 'd never betray antonio .
the first thing i noticed about this bloke was his nose ; long , wide and turned up .
if he planned to attack the hollow the last thing he would want is me fighting on antonio 's side .
i had thought that when i had the two elements under control , everything would be back to normal , but when water finally left me , the only thing that was different was the fact that i could hear better and i could put my arms down .
the first thing that popped into my mind was his face - his solid jaw line , full and sculpted lips , high cheekbones .
i growled , ` ` the only thing wrong with her magic is it does n't have a self - destruct button i can push . ''
tony was right about one thing - i did feel more comfortable with his head under my clumsy fingers .
one thing i could not get past was the fact that celine somehow knew who this demon was .
and the first step towards doing that is recognizing the thing that binds us all together .
the first thing i noticed was the color of the thing inside .
there were no more birds chirping , no more murmuring crowds of fae ... the only thing i could see and hear was ben and me .
the last thing i saw before my guardian angel took himself above the meadow and into the sun - filled sky were the tears that fell to his cheeks , just before he turned and flew off in a beating of wings that sent gentle currents of air down to cool the heat from my face .
and to be honest , his whole ' man on fire ' thing kinda freaked me out .
he 's got this wing thing , '' i explained , being as basic as possible .
so the only thing that sets them apart from us right now , is they 're more organized .
we had learned before that there were symbols representing safe passage and various other things , including danger ahead , areas to avoid , food storage nearby , etcetera .
the one thing that could ultimately become the most important thing about me , the most special thing i could ever claim for myself , tony will never and can never know about it .
if i ' ve learned one thing in my three days in this forest , it 's that nothing is as it seems .
you know , dardennes is right about one thing . ''
the only thing you have is honesty .
that 's one thing i noticed about pixies - or at least , this pixie .
he walked in sideways , the last thing coming in being his right hand holding up a pizza like a delivery boy .
his eyes were the most striking thing about him - they were icy gray .
i ' m not a big comic fan and most superheroes are very limited to just one thing .
he was probably using that freaky mind meld thing on me again .
the last thing i 'd buy if i had five hundred bucks right now was a juice box .
the last thing i felt was a stinging sensation in my arm .
` ` well , the last thing any of us remember is saying ' skal ' .
as we collided , the fist holding blackie was the first thing that came into contact with her body .
the only thing i cared about right then was making sure none of them was walking back to that f**king lake .
the other thing that interested me was that both were wearing identical stellar winds logo shirts - the kind the tourists purchased .
purchasing a comp - vid first thing , i set about navigating my way through the city .
meals were the only thing i climbed out of bed for - nothing else gathered my attention .
the thing i can trust about you is that you 'll do the right thing every time , even if we bully you into it when we should n't , '' he admitted with a slight frown .
reah , there 's not a damn thing wrong with you , drake sent .
` ` should have brought him in , first thing , '' teeg muttered .
the only thing that kept me from storming out of teeg 's apartment in a fit was the promise of the visit with gavril .
` ` son , the one thing that kept what little humanity i had left from slipping away is that i never toyed with my kills .
that was the one thing i could say about arvil - he was an early riser .
she 's pretty , but that 's not the first thing i notice about her .
here , i ' ve learned to defend myself , i ' ve learned to be stronger , but one thing i have n't learned , wo n't let myself learn , is how to enjoy causing someone else pain .
that 's one thing beating up a bunch of dauntless initiates can teach you .
she was happy to help - another thing i ' ve discovered is that the dauntless are always up for a prank , and rarely looking for a lie .
if the air was n't stagnant , i would say this was a dream , not a nightmare - but still air means only one thing to me , and that is a coming storm .
her voice is quiet , ragged , and it 's the only thing that could possibly reach me in this place .
somewhere between watching that belt curl around her arm in my fear landscape and telling her that selflessness and bravery were often the same thing , i made a decision .
the last thing i hear before i pass out in christian grey 's arms is his harsh epithet .
holy f**k . chapter seven the first thing i notice is the smell ; leather , wood , polish with a faint citrus scent .
but if there 's one thing i hate , it 's not wearing clean panties .
vaguely , i ' m aware that i ' m still in my sweats , un - showered , yucky , and he 's just gloriously yummy , his pants doing that hanging from the hips thing , and what 's more , he 's here in my bedroom .
` ` but , here 's the thing - one moment you say do n't defy me , the next you say you like to be challenged .
by wednesday lunchtime , i manage a cup of yogurt , and it 's the first thing i ' ve eaten since friday .
ella fitzgerald croons softly in the background about this thing called love .
chapter three the one good thing about being car - less is that on the bus on my way to work , i can plug my headphones into my ipad while it 's safely in my purse and listen to all the wonderful tunes christian has given me .
` ` the good thing about this spreader is , it expands , '' he murmurs .
the only thing i need is some high quality chocolate for the frosting .
i only missed one thing while on tour , and it was this face .
` ` this heart is a beautiful thing .
however , i lacked the one thing i knew would save me from certain disaster , i actual y appeared rather dull .
now i know you 're the only thing that keeps me hanging on , when the rest of the world seems to come crashing down .
` ` do n't you know the great thing about being a local is you can work at the beach ? ''
` ` the wonderful thing about alabama is you get pecans in your salad , '' jax said as the servers left .
the last thing she needs is to see you upset . ''
the last thing i heard was a voice whispering next to my ear , ` ` sleep for a bit , angel .
` ` i ' m so afraid that i ' m about to lose the one thing i ' ve waited for my entire life .
that smile was the first thing i 'd noticed about him , and every time i saw it , all i wanted to do was jump on him .
` ` well , one thing i know is that i have to talk to jessica . ''
the last thing i saw was love story headed for turn four .
the only thing i still had on was my bra and my not - so - sexy flip - flops .
` ` i lost the one thing i lived for .
i was pretty damn sure she felt the same thing i did when we touched .
the last thing i ever want to do is hurt you .
the only thing i had on now was a pair of light pink lace panties .
it had been my dream bedroom and when i had the house remodeled , the fireplace was the first thing i had put in .
that would be the one thing she would notice .
` ` one thing that stands out is you love to dance and she does n't . ''
the main thing you have to do is stay away from her .
the only thing that would make me feel better was if it were lark holding me in his arms .
the last thing he needed was beer .
the only thing that matters is lily .
` ` the only thing our little family is missing , '' i said , ` ` is a piece of me and you . ''
i wanted nothing more than to give her the one thing i knew she wanted .
what 's her favorite thing to have in her cereal ?
` ` well i know one thing that is n't broken . ''
` ` i ' m just glad you 're alive and the only thing wrong is a broken leg and a few ribs .
the nice thing about this house was each bedroom had its own private bathroom .
libby , wrapped up in my arms was the most amazing thing in the world to me .
the smell of your wood desk was my favorite thing . ''
i wanted to take every single thing in - the feel of her lips on mine , the smell of her hair , and the warmth of her touch .
i smiled as i thought back to when gunner had first taken over the ranch , and garrett had told him that sunscreen was the next best thing to a woman .
` ` hmm ... well , you 're not heading back to the hotel , and honestly , the only thing i want right now is your dick buried deep inside me . ''
the first thing i noticed was the gray brick floor .
` ` that , my dear , is one thing i am certainly going to agree with you on . ''
the only thing i wanted right now was to be home .
the only thing holding us back was the fact that josh 's parents had moved to fredericksburg to be closer to us .
` ` i think that is my favorite thing so far . ''
libby had a new thing where we had to touch her hand three times before we could leave and shut the door .
` ` oh , i know just the thing . ''
besides , the last thing i wanted was another relationship .
the last thing i wanted or needed was to fall for someone else .
the last thing i wanted was for her to be stressed or worried , especially with her being pregnant .
i was pretty damn sure she just felt the same thing i did when we touched .
the blush that crossed her face was the cutest thing ever .
the last thing i wanted to do was ruin our friendship over a girl .
when they began kissing , i had to look away , and the first thing i saw was garrett staring at me .
the whole time , i was daydreaming about what garrett smelled like , the feel of his touch , and what his favorite movie , favorite song , and favorite thing to eat was .
the last thing i cared about was the dress .
we question our love , and we place doubt in our minds , but you have to believe in the very thing that got you this far - love .
` ` he 's got that brooding thing down pat , '' sofie murmured in my ear as she handed me coffee .
my stomach did that nervous flippy thing again .
i would n't let him take no for an answer , and now that boy is the closest thing i have to a grandson and i ' m the closest thing he has to a grandmother . ''
the only thing that made watching her stroke his arm and laugh about the good old times together was the fact that she did n't make caine laugh and he rarely smiled .
the whole acting like a grown woman thing deserted me when i got to the building and suddenly feared caine outright rejecting me by refusing to allow me up to the penthouse .
` ` would n't that be the same thing as having a favorite color ? ''
now , the last thing she needs is us arguing , and frankly there 's only one holland in this room i can stand , so why do n't you do what you 're good at and leave , and let me take care of her ? ''
this here ... it 's the only thing i have .
i ' m trying out this thing called peace , and i ' m hoping that wherever you are you can find that peace too knowing that i ' m letting the ugliness of the past go , and knowing that no matter what i loved you .
the second thing she noticed was that the language was latin .
if there was one thing william needed as prince , it was rationality .
that was the first thing she noticed .
the bread with chocolate sprinkles , the very first thing she and willem had talked about .
( she thinks this might be her favorite thing about amsterdam .
ben was right about one thing : i did n't really know what i was talking about .
the first thing i saw when i opened my eyes again was the pure adoration in weston 's eyes .
that was the only thing i did n't like about summer .
` ` pretty much the same thing .
that was one small thing i could always appreciate about my upbringing , and yet i still would n't wish it on anyone else .
he was answering me without answering me , my very least favorite thing .
they used to be my favorite thing about him , but in that moment , i could only notice that they were as round as his face .
the thing about a jinn king ... they never answer unspoken but obvious questions .
the only thing that had saved them had been the power of the seal inside of her .
if there was one thing the red king prided himself on , it was his sense of honor .
the only thing i had left was bargain .
the only thing mayor roster had ever found appropriate about me was my sister .
i think it was the only thing that gave her hope - that maybe one day i 'd suddenly transform into a mini version of andie .
my stomach did that weird flippy thing at the sound of jake 's voice nearing me , but i did n't slow down .
the last thing i needed was jake to be jake .
to jake it would seem like i 'd given in to them completely , and that my change of heart was another thing that could be traced to his lack of presence in my life .
the thing about cornering a confused , emotional woman is that she tends to unleash the claws in defense .
that was the thing about charley .
it 's the only thing stopping me from grabbing your hand and running a million miles away from him while he 's going through what he 's going through . ''
i remembered it because their expressions were the first thing since hearing the news that brought me into the real world , into the reality of what we were dealing with .
i think the only thing that stopped me from taking it that far was nonna and the rest of our family .
the funny thing was there was nothing much to see except for my legs ending in a pair of fur - trimmed ankle boots .
it was like the one thing we had in common .
i was lonely in edinburgh and she was the only thing keeping me from feeling not so lonely .
it 's the only thing i have in common with my mum . ''
and sure , that was really annoying , but it was just that one thing .
` ` this is my third favorite thing about you . ''
the only thing the fairytales and myths got correct was the slightly pointed ears .
the entire building seemed to spin , and the last thing i heard before the world went black was green eyes sharp curse , and the last thought in my head was if i was going to be number four to die .
the last thing i want to see is for you to hurt yourself , '' he said .
one thing that had kept me up almost all night was the fact that i had n't asked him what he was doing following what he claimed was an ancient - what had to be an ancient .
considering the fact i had not been relatively nice to him at any point since i 'd met him , the last thing i should ' ve earned was his defense .
the thing was , i had n't been the only one who had forgotten .
chapter ten the first thing i discovered after ignoring what ren had just said and done was that there was no graceful way to get on a bike .
the last thing i needed to do was dance with ren .
we keep a lot of ears to the ground , but another thing constant among halflings is that all of them have been adopted .
the only thing i did know was that what ren said was true - he was n't okay with it .
the last thing i wanted to do was sleep in a bra .
but one thing adrian had n't taught me was what to do with those seconds .
it had proven to be an elusive , precious thing in her he often longed for again , though he knew expecting it was probably unreasonable , given their dangerous lifestyle and the fact that he 'd pretty much screwed things up between them .
down it , she spotted a building identical to the one in her vision , save for one thing : no red velvet flag .
that 's not even the most interesting thing about her .
` ` you are the only thing that matters , mae . ''
she was doing that thing she excelled at , so perfectly keeping any emotions or other contextual clues from her face and voice ... which was , in itself , a warning sign .
` ` that you 're sad , for one thing . ''
` ` the only thing i 'll miss from around here .
that was one thing you could count on with prtorians in the city : there was always a party going on somewhere .
` ` that 's the nice thing about living in the wilderness .
` ` drunken fights at parties are one thing .
that was the one thing i still had .
you 're unsuitable by their standards , but you represent another thing mae has that she does n't : dashing , exotic , good - looking .
one thing that made plebeians scornful of patricians was that at times it was really hard to define a genetic profile for an ethnic group .
` ` his influence was the only thing that saved me ! ''
one thing both versions of the report shared was a harrowing tale of mae 's heroics , how she took out impossible numbers of attackers and finally was forced to kill emil in self - defense .
and that 's the thing ...
i think the only thing that made his presence bearable was that he accompanied us in fox form , since that was a quicker mode of travel .
and the temperature ... that was the most amazing thing of all .
one thing that had changed was that the situation had grown increasingly chaotic .
i was doing the subconscious storm thing again , and a few people had stopped to stare in amazement at the dark clouds that had literally come out of nowhere .
the first thing that struck me was how much weight i 'd lost - ironic considering my lifelong obsession with staying thin .
one nice thing i 'd picked up on in this class and the previous one was that in re - education , the prized seats were closest to the teachers , unlike at amberwood .
he probably respects the whole solitary journey thing . ''
one thing i 'd learned over the years was that confidence had a powerful effect on others , and if you acted like you deserved their attention , they believed it .
the important thing to remember is that we have an entire infrastructure in place to help you .
one thing he did n't speak much about that i 'd picked up on was his knack for mechanical devices .
and honestly , getting back to that place was the last thing on my mind , so i was n't really paying attention . ''
for one thing , this was n't a simple room to infiltrate .
one thing we 'd learned among the alchemists was that when trying to blend in with the modern world , identification was critical .
because right now , a plan was the one thing we were missing .
` ` the first thing to put in our new home together .
mairenni had been ready to give up that one thing .
it was always in the fall that kizzy felt the ghosts lingering about , skittish as stray cats and drawn by the same thing : the whiff of food .
she would have nightmares over this curse for the rest of her life , and vasudev knew that too , and that was his favorite thing about it .
` ` the thing your body remembers most ... '' mihai began , turning to glance at her .
hathra was a strange thing ; she might hate the druj queen who had done such terrible things to her mother , but she still felt her absence like a rift in her soul .
their wings , for one thing .
because the thing i always think after that scene is that the guts are going to cool off fast , and personally , i 'd rather be cold and not covered in wet tauntaun guts than- '' ` ` okay then , '' said zuzana .
and the first thing eliza knew was that this sky was special , and that it was very , very far away .
for one thing , there was no space for more bodies .
if there was one thing razgut thrice - fallen knew beyond a shadow of a doubt , it was this : he could never go home .
but that was n't the worst thing about the emperor of seraphim .
if there was one thing they did know on this night in the foothills of the veskal range , it was how much they did not know .
that 's another thing to love about me .
` ` you would have been a pretty little thing . ''
as darkness descends , the last thing i remember is the silver insignia on his armguard .
the last thing i need is for a killer with blood - flecked gloves to dislike me .
the last thing i need is for him to sense how much i ' m trembling .
my fear is the only thing that keeps me going .
if there was one thing sarah prided herself on , it was her ability to make friends .
one thing he knew about women was if they made a point they thought needed saying , they 'd say it again .
funny thing about trouble is that if you go looking for it , you 'll always find it .
i 'd ask him how he likes his coffee , but oh damn , that silence thing again .
` ` the amazing thing about conversations is they help people get to know each other better . ''
the last thing tony cared about right then was a horse , but sarah seemed to care an awful lot about her gift , so he went to the back of the trailer and opened it .
i 'd ask him how he likes his coffee , but oh , damn , that silence thing again .
it 's hard though , when the only thing i ' m experiencing is curiosity .
my only familiar thing in a world of inconsistency and confusion .
the only thing that appeals to me right now is either being in my bed or being with charlie .
the only thing different about this one is it just completely ruined my moment .
the first thing i ' m hit with is the smell .
this is the thing about dating artistic types .
and the only thing worse than not really having a life is hearing lies about one that can never be true .
` ` sometimes the last thing that matters is what we want to do . ''
sometimes men would rather i be thinner , but that 's another thing about me that i ca n't change .
the only thing i ' ve ever been .
i do know one thing about that girl , and it 's that she goes out of her way not to let anyone too close .
it might relieve a little stress to take that vehicle from you , but it would n't do a damn thing for the ache in my heart .
she says , ` ` there 's this funny thing about empathy .
i do n't know the first thing about being in a real relationship .
it 's the only thing i do n't like about her ... that inability to open up without thinking about it first , weighing her options .
and the only thing i know is the crush of his mouth on mine , the plunge of his tongue , the heat building between my thighs .
` ` the only thing that could ruin this night is seeing you uncomfortable or unhappy .
the only thing moving is her mouth as she struggles to breathe through her orgasm .
i do n't know how to win this war i ' m losing i ' m swinging at air , babe , and come back bruising i ' m outnumbered in a fight against none planting my feet just to watch you run i ' m caught up , turned around inside out , and upside down you 're the last thing i see as i hit the ground oh , i know you , honey .
the only thing keeping me together , the only reason i ' m not completely losing my mind right now is because i can touch her , feel her , know she 's real .
her body melts into mine , each soft curve tempting me to pull her closer , hold her harder , until the only thing i can feel or see or hear or smell or taste is her .
do n't you understand that the last thing i ever want is to see you hurt . ''
but my boyfriend ( or lack thereof ) ca n't be the most important thing about me .
i ca n't explain that to coach because not saying it out loud is the only thing keeping it from being completely real .
` ` i think you 're just frustrated , and maybe it feels right now like- '' the thing i like about her ... that air of sunshine that radiates off her ... it 's the same damn thing that i ca n't stand .
how she pushes everything away until she 's the only thing left in my head .
another thing i 'll never get used to .
another thing we have in common .
the rest of the room fades , like the world is in black - and - white , and he 's the only thing in color .
because i know that 's another thing i 'll memorize .
one thing that standing on the sidelines has given me is time to watch and analyze .
` ` every single thing about you gets to me , digs deep . ''
the best thing about being a junior ( and an overachieving one at that ) is that i ' ve got the majority of my basic requirements out of the way , so all my classes except two are within my major this semester .
through every new town and new school and new friends , football was the one thing that never changed .
i can deny myself all i want , but one thing i can not deny is just how f**king gorgeous this girl is .
unlocked , it automatically comes up to her text message , since it was the last thing i looked at .
the only thing worse than not being there to help is the thought that i might fail and all our planning will have been for nothing .
` ` it 's not such a bad thing ... being like your dad .
you are really not getting this whole friendship thing . ''
because the only thing that hurts more than my own pain is the idea of causing his .
good to know the whole clueless thing does n't go away with age .
that was the one thing that helped me stay clean .
the last thing i saw before blacking out was rodriguez 's empty eyes and blood - stained lips .
` ` listen , i get the whole protective thing , '' she said .
how about the time i told you to lick my sweet- '' the great thing about scrambled eggs is they 're so easy to make again when the first batch gets too cold to eat .
i had hours in an airplane , with nothing to do and no one to talk to , and the only thing i could think about was you .
here 's the thing about getting married outside in the tropics .
the very last thing he wanted just now was to be taken up as drunk .
` ` the other thing , '' he went on , watching her closely , ` ` is that you 're honest .
his pulse beat slow and regular in his ears ; the sigh of his breath was a thing apart from the heave of his chest as he breathed .
the most irritating thing about cliches , i decided , was how frequently they were true .
` ` well , it 's poison , for one thing , '' i said .
it was n't a thing i had consciously missed , but having it now reminded me of the joy of it ; that drowsy intimacy in which a man 's body is as accessible to you as your own , the strange shapes and textures of it like a sudden extension of your own limbs .
` ` there 's the one thing about it , '' she said , eyes on her work .
` ` aye , that 's the thing .
the boy had been a younger brother to fergus , and jamie the closest thing to a father that fergus had ever known .
` ` if there 's one thing i ken verra well , sassenach , '' he said quietly , with a brief glance at fergus , ` ` it 's the sound of a man makin ' love to a woman who 's not there . ''
` ` they tend not to wear pigtails and silk pajamas , for one thing , nor do they have obsessions about ladies ' feet - or if they did , they did n't tell me about it , '' i added , to be fair .
` ` much the same thing , '' jamie said , and sneezed .
she was right about one thing ; she and i were different .
spring thaw fraser 's ridge , colony of north carolina march 1777 one thing about a devastating fire , i reflected .
one thing i had in abundance , though , was alcohol .
there is one notable thing about this ship , beyond the captain 's name .
one thing about amanda : she did n't hold a grudge .
the last thing he needed was to worry about me .
he was the second thing i saw , leaning heavily over the remains of a shattered rail with several other men .
one thing about red - hot iron : it sterilizes the wound .
modesty was one thing ; threadbareness was another .
( the nice thing about belonging to an ad hoc army is that one apparently gets to design one 's own uniform .
and perhaps the ability to travel through stone circles was not the only thing to be passed down through the blood .
` ` the children going to bed , for one thing . ''
artillery and infantry stood along the road , evenly spaced , but that spacing was the only uniform thing about them .
` ` i 'd nay notion they were yours , for the one thing .
` ` well , it 's got my name on it , for the one thing , '' he said , stooping and pointing up at something under it .
he was possessed of a sudden desire to memorize this moment , to know and to sense every last thing about it , from the worn - smooth wood under his elbows to the stained granite of the countertop and the way the light fell through the tattered curtains at the window , lighting the bulge of muscle at the corner of his father 's jaw as he chewed a bit of sausage .
and the last thing i wanted was to be slicing and poking round in henri - christian 's severely inflamed throat in the dark with a sharp instrument .
for one thing , i might not be able to stop .
if there 's one thing i know about men , it 's that you do n't break things like this to them on an empty stomach .
the only thing that kept him from going right back into the tunnel and hoping for someone to find him in the morning was the ... thing in there .
the men with him were n't soldiers , and god knew they were n't an army - but they were men , engaged in common purpose and mindful of one another , and that was a thing he knew and loved .
he was about to ask about joseph brant , who was likely the closest thing to a general - in the formal sense - among the mohawk , but was interrupted by a tall , gangling form stepping out in front of him .
` ` looking for you , for one thing , '' john replied equably , before hal could stick his oar in again .
thee has brothers , for one thing .
what with one thing and another , the british army was quite good at occupying cities .
` ` the only thing lacking last night was cherry bounce , '' i remarked .
one thing was constant : i was always alone .
a good thing , because yesenia and i had been the same height in seventh grade , and there 's this thing about girls and height - they want to wear heels and not be taller than the guy .
the weirdest thing about our friendship was the fact that we had only two things in common .
the weirdest thing about our friendship was the fact that we had only two things in common .
i wanted to comfort her , but a stranger 's touch was the last thing she needed .
if there was one thing boyce wynn could n't do well - aside from reading for comprehension - it was pretending he was n't laughing when he was laughing .
the last thing i wanted was to find a possibly still - lit joint with my f**king foot .
the last thing i could feel , holding her in my arms , was sorry .
that 's the cool thing about being a pigheaded son of a bitch .
' so tell me , how long does that bad - boy phase thing last ?
there 's no such thing as living happily ever after or pulling yourself up by your bootstraps .
i do n't want what 's between us to end , and the one thing i ' m learning is that there 's no going back .
i agree she could finance us , but the only thing i have left is my pride , and i 'll eat shit before anyone rips that from me .
last thing i want is to bring trouble . ''
now you ' ve got that reformed bad - boy thing and i want to ... '' she curls her fingers in the air and lowers her gaze to the zipper of my pants .
that 's the one thing we understand - becoming lost .
beth wanders over to me , and the last thing i need is the jiminy cricket from hell yapping on my shoulder .
she 's blitzed , and the last thing she needs is to be behind the wheel .
the last thing i want is my reputation with girls or my rep with fights following me .
the only thing preserving your sanity , the only thing that helps you sleep at night is the idea that others surround you .
the only thing preserving your sanity , the only thing that helps you sleep at night is the idea that others surround you .
` ` you 're the sexiest damn thing .
time loses meaning and the only thing left is her touch and her love .
that was another thing that had changed over the past year .
i feel like i ' m outside of myself and the only thing keeping me moving is staying focused on what i need to do to get out of here .
knowing that i get to spend the day with nyelle is the only thing keeping me from walking back out to my truck .
she 's doing that thing she does when she removes all emotion from her voice .
she was the only real thing i had , and without her , i ' m no one . ''
it 's like everyone else around them is moving in slow motion , like everyone else is painted in black and white and he 's the only spot of color ; the only thing moving in the room .
one thing about being a criminal that really sucked was that you had to rely on other criminals to make a living .
right now i did n't feel like i had very much going for me , and it would suck if the one thing i had always been able to fall back on - my looks - was suddenly compromised as well .
that was the thing about taking a gambler 's ride , my clients were so far in it was easier to just let me have the car than it was to try and get it back .
she did that thing where she ran her tongue over the curve of her bottom lip and a soft pink flush heated up the crest of her cheekbones .
the only thing that kept me from being able to totally walk away was that i could see that even though he knew what i said was true , he took no pleasure in doing what he did .
` ` that 's the thing about trying to get the upper hand in a place like the point : it always fights back , and more often than not , it 's the innocent that end up getting hurt . ''
` ` a jackass who does n't pay his debts is one thing .
the other thing that would never have people pegging him as an uber - nerd was the fact that he was covered in ink .
i just adored every single thing about this kid .
` ` that ' being there ' thing works both ways , handsome . ''
the only thing i know for sure is that i have to take the chance .
i do n't live a glamorous life , but the one thing i sprung for was a great view .
but neither of those things stops me from melting over alec - his scent , his eyes , his body .
when miracle emerged , the first thing hardy noticed was that she had a towel wrapped around her and was clutching it tightly to her chest .
the funny thing was , hardy knew when he developed them there would be very few shots of miracle 's balloon floating off into oblivion .
` ` well , right now , the only thing i ' m interested in is sleep . ''
receiving two flowers at the same time is one of the things on my bucket list , '' she teased .
the only thing hardy hated about it was that sometimes she made her death sound too imminent .
the only thing he cared about was lying on a bed in front of him , precious seconds of her life ticking by .
he only comes in first thing with the drugs .
the only thing that changed was her name .
i do n't try to change that because the last thing he needs is a heavy burden to carry around , especially one that he ca n't do anything about .
possibly the most worrisome thing of all is how much i want to know him .
on his face , one thing .
the only thing i can hear is the sound of sig 's accelerated breathing and the rush of blood whirring inside my ears .
if there 's one thing that life has taught me , it 's to never give up .
the first thing i see when i step over the threshold is reese , standing at the other end of the room , talking with brian and glaring at me .
the last thing i need is to be blamed for reese breaking down my flimsy cabin door .
it was the one thing of mine that i had left , the one thing i could give away .
reese gives me some sort of pleased man - growl kind of thing as he leans in toward me .
` ` one thing has n't changed in all these years . ''
i see it and i need for you to know that you 're the only thing that matters to me .
` ` the only thing that could make this more perfect would be having some family here to share it with .
i could n't ask for one more thing out of life .
the next thing i feel , aside from the damnable heat in my face , is the cool swipe of an alcohol pad as hemi preps my skin for what 's to come .
the thing i think that 's bothering me the most , though , is that there 's something in her eyes , something in the sadness that always seems to be hanging around them , that makes me suspect she 's hiding wounds that only someone like me can see .
the one thing i do notice is the marked lack of women .
* * * * * * * * the thing about alcohol , i ' m discovering , is that it sneaks up on you .
the last thing i need on top of my raging hangover is a bunch of arrogant i - told - you - sos and smug looks .
the first thing i feel is a cool dot between my shoulder blades .
the first thing i see is the gorgeous blonde straddling a stool in front of one of the tattoo chairs , inking a design on some guy 's thigh .
the last thing i need is to carry a blush the entire time .
that 's the thing about an occupation like mine .
` ` that 's one thing you ' ve got a shitload of . ''
but the one thing that bothers me most , the one thing i was least expecting , is how much it hurts me to see the hate in her eyes .
` ` because sloane had the same thing when she was a little girl . ''
his love , his closeness was the thing i wanted most in life .
for one thing , it takes much more animal blood to satisfy our bodies and keep our form .
and the only good thing about that eternity was no longer a certainty .
the last thing i was aware of was the prickling of my elongated canines against my lips .
and though cade was no bo , i felt his desire for me like a tangible thing .
one thing i was learning was that , as a vampire , time had a total y different feel and meaning .
i wanted his face to be the last thing i saw , not an empty space where evil had once resided .
` ` for one thing , i went back for bo 's body and it was n't there . ''
hope was the only thing that had kept me living this long .
his struggle , his indecision , was a nearly palpable thing , as was his burning fervor .
the last thing i needed was attention .
that bond we shared , that connection , had been the only thing that had kept me sane since his ` ` disappearance '' and it seemed to be fading little by little as the days wore on .
the one good thing the day had going for it , bad news included , was the distraction a sunday would provide , at least for a little while .
the one good thing about her being blind , the condition i thought just might save her life , was that she was rarely , if ever , alone .
for one thing , i knew from his body temperature that i would n't be able to see him .
time does this funny thing where it sort of disappears when bo 's feeding from me , so i do n't know how much had elapsed when he released my wrist .
that was the one bad thing about letting drew drive me to school .
i asked , knowing that was the only thing more interesting than me having a stalker .
the strange thing is that , all the while i was concocting terrible back stories for bo , my heart yearned for him , my body ached for him .
when i walked into my bedroom and shut the door behind me , the first thing i noticed was that it smelled of bo .
little snatches of time were lost to me , but the one thing that never changed , never left me , was bo .
i 'd never noticed them before , but i thought they were the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen on a man .
for one thing , i actually knew who they were talking about because i loved classic rock .
the first thing i noticed was the intensity of that tangy smell that i associated with bo .
the one thing that i found odd was that bo was not featured in any of the pictures with his family .
the thing is , it takes very powerful blood to control another vampire .
` ` you know what the funny thing is ? ''
that 's another thing that does n't happen to me often .
the one thing we all have in common - male , female , new , or old - is excess .
for one thing , dad can never know where i met jet .
` ` for one thing , i ' m not following in his footsteps , but even if i was , i ' m not doing it to her . ''
the last thing i want to do is hurt you . ''
i can feel his pleasure like a tangible thing , flavoring even the air in the car .
i smile and nod , thinking to myself as i guide violet to the elevators that the only thing i need right now is the girl at my side .
watching your reaction , knowing how much you like what i ' m doing to you is the most intoxicating thing in the world . ''
` ` i think the only thing we can control in love is how we act .
it 's the only thing that has kept me going . ''
you 're the love i was waiting for , the one thing i ca n't live without .
that 's one thing that ninety - nine percent of the women i ' ve been involved with ( however briefly ) have done to irritate the shit out of me - talk too much .
he 's in outstanding physical condition , something i can personally attest to , and i ca n't think of one thing i 'd change about him .
that thing where laney 's not like most women - the ones who feel the need to spill their guts on a regular basis - works against me in some cases .
a conversation with my ex , no matter how short , is the last thing i need right now .
the first thing i see is a sign at the front of the street that says , congratulations , shane and laney .
the funny thing is , trick 's already outside waiting on me .
the last thing i need is to be shitfaced while trying to secure a bar that is n't mine .
i do n't know how to tell you that i love you for every single thing that you are and every single thing you 'll ever be .
the sad thing is , i think he had it right the first time .
in the face of the emotional hurricane that 's blowing around inside me - guilt over thinking about trick , guilt over wanting him to kiss me , pleasure over being in his arms , disappointment that brent does n't make me feel that way , shame for cheating on my boyfriend - i latch on to the one defensive thing i can find - indignation .
i want to feel something , but the only thing that stands out is the guilt i feel over thinking about trick again .
the only thing jack hines has ever shown me is a mild disdain .
` ` the view around here is very nice for one thing .
the funny thing is , trick seems more determined to keep me at arm 's length than i do .
in the last year , it seems the thing i was constantly trying to drown out was my bitterness at having to leave school to work at a thankless job .
the bad thing about bourbon , at least for me , is that the hangover is absolute hell .
the only thing that seems to register on my radar is trick .
i am ravenous and the only thing that can satisfy me is trick .
the thing i find odd is that she 's staring at trick .
if there 's one thing that man knew , it was horses . ''
just another good thing about her that i 'll be left to mourn .
the only thing i want is the only thing i ca n't have , so what 's the point ?
but the most mesmerizing thing is her face .
one thing i 'd always been grateful for was dad 's insistence that wherever we moved , we find a home that had two full baths .
the one thing i had n't factored in , however , was nerves .
the only thing i cared about was in the ground at the cemetery .
that was another thing that caused my trust in him to waver .
only the invisible clock that ticked away inside me had no numbers , no way of letting me know exactly how long i had left and , crazy as it might sound , that was the most disconcerting thing of all - not knowing .
being alert and aware was one thing ; being cripplingly paranoid was quite another .
you know the whole if - it - seems - too - good - to - be - true - it - usually - is thing .
i was going to take time to enjoy the nearest thing i 'd ever have to normal - love .
` ` um , because it 's completely unprofessional for one thing . ''
he 's the embodiment of the one thing in life i need like a hole in the head - another bad - boy love interest .
i doubt there 's one single dull thing about you .
he had that whole bad boy thing going on .
and he 's not a bad boy , which is the best thing about him .
for one thing , i ' m not that kind of person . ''
seeing them drool all over each other is the last thing i need .
the sad thing is , it was meant that way .
the thing is , she never once loosens her hold on it .
the thing of it is , he 'll never be mine because he 's a good guy .
and that 's the last thing i need .
but the thing i notice most is n't what 's in them - surprise , disbelief , curiosity , maybe a little pity - it 's what 's not .
the only thing on her face now is interest .
more emotionally than physically , but it ends up feeling like the same thing .
the sad thing is , i ' m a little disappointed that he 's not .
the first thing i see is the vase of flowers on the coffee table in the living room .
as i think about it , the thing that bothers me most is that neither guy is amorous enough this morning for me to be able to accurately determine the culprit .
that 's one thing about ginger .
the only thing i ' m aware of is cash 's breath in my ear and the feel of him coming in time with me .
the one thing that 's apparent in all of them is that he 's searching desperately for some way to fix things .
the first thing i notice when i walk through the door is the wall of floor - to - ceiling windows that look out over the impressive atlanta skyline .
the only thing i could identify would be my tad 's shirts .
my mouth is the only thing on my body that 's dry , though .
the only thing listed in the online ad other than my phone number was the short two - sentence blurb my father had me post .
he 's the closest thing to family i have on the outside .
it 's very unprofessional for one thing .
since that day , gavin has been my best friend and the closest thing to non - imprisoned family i ' ve had for years .
the other thing that makes it torture is knowing that i ' m leaving her in someone else 's hands .
just one more thing i love about her .
the most puzzling thing is that they seem to be sincere huge , watery blue eyes .
` ` the funny thing is , the only thing i want is you .
maybe it 's a family thing , that ability to physically convey the idea of picking oneself up by the bootstraps , because marissa 's doing what i ' ve seen olivia do a few times .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned in life since i left home seven years ago , it 's that i can trust no one .
the thing that makes me angriest is that cash is right .
but maybe that 's the most appealing thing about it - it 's nothing like the me i ' ve always been , the me i used to know .
prosecution is kinda my thing , '' he says charmingly .
but i also feel like he 's trying to take away from me the one thing i ' ve held on to all this time .
i do n't think she feels as casual about it as the gesture implies , but i do n't see any real distress on her face , either , which is the main thing .
that 's the only thing that would stop me tonight - if she said no .
the thing is , it 's a little on the firm side .
but it 's like the only thing he feels is my physical presence , my body .
the only thing i managed to prove is that marissa is under my skin .
she does this breathy gasp - moan kind of thing and leans back to look at me .
and , somehow , in the process , she stole the only thing that 's mattered to me for all this time , the only thing that 's kept me alive - rage .
and , somehow , in the process , she stole the only thing that 's mattered to me for all this time , the only thing that 's kept me alive - rage .
the thing is , i never really wanted to tame him or contain him .
the only thing that stopped me was you .
the only thing i know is that if it 's a dream , i never want to wake up .
` ` that and one other thing . ''
singing is the only thing that makes sense to me .
i ' ve been told many times that my eyes are the first thing that people notice about me .
` ` i can honestly say , the only thing i do n't like about you ... is your no - filter , ball - busting mouth ! ''
they all have that annoying man thing .
but one thing is noticeably gone - his beard .
one thing i do know is that i trust tom with my past .
the one thing the guys turning up gave me was clarity , reminding me of what i do n't want to do .
the only thing keeping me sane during these past five days is the attention i ' ve been getting from robbi kraft .
the last thing i would ever want to do is hurt you . ''
i knew if i told cale those , he would have gone to tom 's house to have words with him , and the last thing i want is those two fighting .
the closest thing i had to an informant worked as a cocktail waitress at the golden dragon .
their youth was the first thing they sacrificed to gain more power .
there was n't a thing about him that i would n't miss all the way to my core .
submissiveness was the only thing that could hope to calm him in this state .
the demons of my past were just one thing in a very long list of reasons why it never could have worked .
the scariest thing about that speech was that caleb always meant what he said .
i made a note to tell her that horses did the same thing when they got agitated .
he was like a beacon to the other druids , his power a thing to behold .
how would it do that , and why had i even noticed such a thing ?
the only thing suspicious about the photos were my eyes .
the only thing that worries me is how long it takes to recover from the change .
` ` oh , is it a morning thing ? ''
then i reached around and slid my fingers into his soft , short hair , kissing him as if it was the only thing i ever needed to survive .
he had that whole close - your - eyes - and - breathe - out - slowly thing going on .
` ` but it 's the only nice thing about you , little sister . ''
in good - girl pjs with her hair hanging in beautiful waves , fallon was the only thing i could see or think about .
jess cullen , the cross - country captain , and i have a friends with benefits thing going , and i love her to pieces .
they kind of just did the hold - each - other - and - sway - from - side - to - side thing , but it was cute that he was trying .
she 'd kicked her side of the blankets off , and that was one thing i 'd noticed we had in common .
he did the whole guy thing as he drove - body pressed into the seat back , arm steel - rod straight on the steering wheel at twelve o'clock , and chin down .
the last thing i wanted to do was think about that woman , much less lay eyes on her again .
chapter 9 jaxon if there was one thing i craved day after day , it was the feeling of want .
the only thing they shared was charisma .
she was the first thing i was going to want in the morning , so i let her rest .
jared loved tate 's no - nonsense , tomboy demeanor , but that had never been my thing .
it was me , and it was the first thing i did n't mind having as a constant reminder every time i looked in the mirror .
lord help any animal crossing the street , because the only thing lighting up the road were my headlights .
my favorite thing about her was her fucking mouth .
the only thing i really knew was that i needed to talk to grant and figure everything out .
i 'd stared at the menu for ten minutes , and the only thing that sounded appetizing was the steak , but it was a hundred fucking dollars .
the only thing in that moment was the sound of my old man 's voice on the phone .
i 'd come to realize that people who went to harvard all had one fucking thing in common .
` ` another thing we have in common . ''
i needed to shrug her out of that cardigan because there was only one thing i liked tight about my women .
the hiccup in her breathing was the only thing that gave away her racing heart .
the only thing i could think about as i moved on to our last song was how fast i was going to get her backstage when i was finished .
the only thing i could focus on was the electricity between us .
the last thing i would consider myself was someone who got muddled by a pretty face .
the only thing that 's different is that you 're supposedly not sleeping around with everything that walks by . ''
that 's the only thing you 're getting out of this whole trip .
unless you manage to get a ticket into jersey , i ' m afraid i 'll be without the only thing i want .
she did n't normally like cold showers , but it had been so hot outside that it was the only thing she could stomach at the moment .
a dimpled smirk crossed his face when he noticed her , and the only thing liz could do in that moment was shake her head and smile .
` ` because the only thing i felt when he kissed me was that i was glad it was out in public .
the only thing giving away that he had been in a rush was the wave at the crest of his typically flawless hair , and the bead of sweat forming at his temple .
their earlier discussion lost from her mind , she reveled in the feel of his lips on hers , knowing it was the very first thing she would remember about this year .
because the only thing i felt when he kissed me was that i was glad it was out in public .
the only thing she could concentrate on was the person standing stoically in the back of the room .
the only thing she felt was the one thing that she had never wanted to feel : regret .
the only thing she felt was the one thing that she had never wanted to feel : regret .
and she could see reflected back in his eyes that the only thing he wanted in this moment was for her to be happy .
in fact , the only thing she seemed perturbed about at all was the fact that liz had n't told her sooner .
but the one thing she had learned about the entire situation was that secrets were heavy .
they had been apart for a year and a half , so the last thing she wanted to do was be away from him again .
the only thing she knew for certain was that she had tried for a long time to get brady out of her system and it simply had n't been possible .
which to me meant it was the only thing that mattered . ''
the only thing liz knew for certain was that she wanted to make this work .
the only thing they 'd had was each other 's company .
he 's one more thing that kept you away from me .
the last thing she wanted was sympathy .
his hand reaching out for her and guiding her through the crowd was the only thing keeping her steady .
the only thing that she knew for certain was that they would n't have any time to plan until after the election .
she does the squeal - and - clap - her - hands thing , and then flings herself across the room to hug me .
` ` what you want and what 's best for you are not the same thing .
but temptation is a powerful thing , and i have to fight it , for her sake .
for one thing , i do n't have the money for boots , and for another thing , hell , no .
i ' m leaning against the wall , a pillow scrunched behind my back , and she 's sitting on me , tall and nervous and the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
but she 's not going over the edge , and there 's one more thing i want her to feel , one more way to make her go crazy and lose all control .
` ` you 're the only real thing in my whole life . ''
but the thing is , you are , when you 're not thinking about it .
one single thing about him . ''
the most pathetic thing about this ?
and through it all , the only thing i really want is to go back to his apartment , get him naked , and fuck him until neither of us can move .
she ignores me , stands at the bus stop sign , clinging to the pole like it 's the only thing keeping her upright .
` ` the only thing missing has been you , benji . ''
` ` you know , the thing i was the most upset with you about was the hypocrisy of being mad at me for being with oz when you were with all those other girls . ''
the only thing that can numb the pain and the guilt more than booze is performing .
` ` i ' m the closest thing she has . ''
we are the closest thing to family she has right now , okay ?
really , the only thing we had in common was partying and i ' m determined to keep away from that lifestyle .
that 's the last thing you ever are . '
it was one of the things he liked about this country , the solicitude .
this was just a tummy thing .
the thing is , i know exactly what you 're feeling .
kumiko grabbed the windowsill , now the only thing to hold on to as the floor continued to slide away from them .
it was far too valuable , for one thing .
it was too skilled , for one thing .
' you do n't want a face like that to be the last thing you see of your family , ' she said , as daniel slammed the door for the umpteenth time .
the one thing we all count on , i suppose , is that their feelings for us have n't changed , even if we 're not speaking .
they even looked like each other - perfect hair , lots of makeup , that kind of thing .
that my service record is the least important thing about me .
it was always important to look one 's best , especially at an occasion , and that was the marvellous thing about cosmetics .
it was the thing that made tanzie happy , just sitting there , ploughing through problems that neither of them could begin to understand .
the one with his nespresso machine in his office and his secretary nipping out for sushi , and his apartment with the views over the city , and the worst thing that afternoon being the prospect of having to lie on the couch in his office and listen to the suits drone on about profit and loss .
' well , when you buy something , or pay a bill , you wave your phone , which has a thing a bit like a bar code , and for every transaction you pay a tiny , tiny amount , like nought point nought one of a pound . '
but the tapping thing is making it hard for me to focus . '
she kept her eyes on the car as she spoke and her voice did that thing where she was saying one thing and thinking about something else .
and the whole work thing .
here was the thing : jess felt the absence of ed like a thick blanket , smothering everything .
it felt like that thing when you tell someone a bit too much and you feel exposed and spend the following weeks praying they 'll forget what you told them , afraid they might use it against you .
the thing is , we discovered an anomaly when we were marking the papers .
' well , that 's the thing .
it was because she was that rare thing , genuinely unobtainable .
it 's one thing when you know you 're loved passionately , and only circumstances are keeping you apart .
more important , it 's the closest thing she has to a decent feature .
it 's the thing about wanting something you ca n't have .
work is now the only thing .
` ` the last thing that boy needs is her stirring things up again .
to survive , he had to be somewhere where survival was the only thing he could think about .
the first thing that struck me was the astonishing chaos .
it is a solid , weighty thing , entirely different from the quiet that occurs when he goes to a friend 's for a few hours .
when he finally lifts his head from his hands , the first thing he sees is the portrait of the girl you left behind .
the thing with ranic is n't really working out .
if you 're not used to being on the ocean , the first thing that strikes you is the sheer bloody scale of it .
the weird thing about that night was that i felt happy .
mum was sitting on the other side of me and when i finished my drink i told her about mike 's business proposition and her face did that thing it does when she 's about to stop me doing something and my pizza went all dry in my mouth .
' yes , well ... one thing we do know about you , mike , is that you certainly do your research . '
the one thing we had going for us here was isolation .
the most surprising thing was the silence .
the thought filled me with the closest thing to contentment i have yet known .
her gaze had that x - ray thing that it had held since i was a kid .
i do n't have that graceful thing going on .
5 the thing about being catapulted into a whole new life - or at least , shoved up so hard against someone else 's life that you might as well have your face pressed against their window - is that it forces you to rethink your idea of who you are .
the other thing is how inconsiderate most drivers are .
the funny thing was , i did n't even do latin at school - mine was a rather minor public school for girls where the focus was on cooking and embroidery , things that would help us become good wives - but the thing about those plant names is that they do stick in your head .
the funny thing was , i did n't even do latin at school - mine was a rather minor public school for girls where the focus was on cooking and embroidery , things that would help us become good wives - but the thing about those plant names is that they do stick in your head .
it 's just that the thing you never understand about being a mother , until you are one , is that it is not the grown man - the galumphing , unshaven , stinking , opinionated offspring - you see before you , with his parking tickets and unpolished shoes and complicated love life .
here 's the thing about middle - class people .
instead , they did this weird thing of catching sight of will in their field of vision and then determinedly not looking at him .
i felt the music like a physical thing ; it did n't just sit in my ears , it flowed through me , around me , made my senses vibrate .
' it 's the only thing i can hold on to . '
' the thing is , it 's also a lot of hard work .
if he was n't having a bad day , he would lean back in his chair , close his eyes , and the closest thing i saw to physical pleasure would spread across his face .
this is the thing about growing up in a small town .
' um ... that 's not the only thing .
keeping will 's plan from my family had been one thing - i was good at keeping secrets from my parents ( it 's one of the things we learn while growing up , after all ) - but coping with the anxiety by myself was something else entirely .
but you do n't have to let that night be the thing that defines you . '
that was the thing about patrick .
' you ... you once told me that the night in the maze did n't have to be the thing that defined me .
it is the only thing that defines me . '
that 's the thing you do n't know about children unless you have them - bath time , lego and fish fingers do n't allow you to dwell on tragedy for too long .
' i do n't want the last thing you see to be my miserable , blotchy face . '
it 's the only thing that gives me freedom , a little bit of pocket money that i earned all on my own .
` ` well , for one thing , he called me an uptight virgin . ''
i let my hand drop from her arm , disappointment clanging through me like a living , breathing thing .
i work not as hard and it 's still the same thing .
that is the absolute last thing i need .
the sun - kissed air washes over my heated skin at this very moment , not doing a thing to cool me off .
` ` well , i know we do n't do it very often , but there is one really good thing about arguing with each other , '' she says after a few quiet moments when i ' m about to drift off to sleep .
it 's the first thing on my list of what i need to function when i ' m on my own .
the closest thing i ' ve ever been to commitment is ... what i share with you . ''
we have this one thing in common .
the last thing i need right now is a lecture .
` ` see , that 's the thing about life .
that 's the one thing that 's tripped me up my entire life .
a new thing for me , since i ' m usually all about avoiding confrontation .
not to mention that when he danced , he had that whole effortless latin hip swishing and swaying thing that made women 's panties melt .
` ` that girl is nothing but trouble , and the last thing jake needs is more trouble in his life .
if there was one thing bree knew , it was how to please me and give me the best sex , along with the best head , i 'd ever had in my life .
` ` the last thing in the world i want is to start something up with her , got it ? ''
trying to deal with my mother was one thing .
the last thing my mother , least of all my father , needs to know is that i just spent the night with jake . ''
the last thing i want to ever do again is hurt you . ''
` ` it 's still kinda the same thing . ''
the last thing i needed was to pass out and have my dress around my head for all my friends from school to see .
i liked every single thing about him , from his bygone era manners to his wavy dark hair and chocolate brown eyes .
as a smile continued to play on his lips , he said , ` ` you know , the one thing i love about you , allison , is that i do n't feel like i need to censor myself .
i mean , it 's one thing getting to come out on tour and work firsthand with a tried and true designer and stylist , but then there 's the fact that you would be creating your own collection at your age .
that 's one thing we have in common .
the one thing that people in savannah society prides themselves on are being close - minded , unforgiving ass**les .
the second best thing besides rhys dressed to the nines in a tux was rhys tangled in blankets with tousled hair while asleep on the couch .
` ` the most important thing in abby 's life is being a mother .
the most important thing in his life is harmony between those he loves .
` ` i could never regret one single thing about you . ''
he was the closest thing to a brother i had , and although he was an overbearing , egotistical jackass most of the time , i still loved the hell out of him .
but the thing i liked most about him was his warm smile and the mischievous glint in his eyes .
the last thing i want right now is to be engaged or god forbid , married .
it 's the one thing that had originally endeared him to jake because he and jake shared the same passion .
but a packed house was the last thing on my mind .
the only thing that had stopped us from going at it all day wednesday was that mia had to go to work , which totally blew .
women , on the other hand , were another thing , especially after my own girlfriend had run off with my fiance .
` ` yeah , i do , and trust me , the last thing i wan na see is your naked ass . ''
the last fucking thing i wanted to admit to mia was that i knew the song by heart .
i knew she 'd always said that spanish turned her on and that was the last thing she was thinking about now , but i figured it might be a little soothing .
if there was one thing she was addicted to , it was cheerios .
regardless of what others interpret my parents ' relationship to be , i ' ve only ever seen one thing between them : love .
her eyes may be the most disconcerting thing about her .
the last thing i want to be reminded about is the last few months of my life .
it 's the only thing that 's giving me hope .
` ` the last thing i want is to walk in on my daughter and her friend discussing sex toys , '' mom remarks .
there 's no such thing as having a flawless life . ''
charlie 's face is the first thing i see when i open the door .
the thing is ... '' he lifts one leg , leaves the other dangling , and twirls his body so that he 's facing me but not looking at me .
` ` trust me , the last thing you need is to know anything about my life .
and the last thing i need is someone else judging me .
i 'll just use the one downstairs ; the last thing i need is for me to sneak into someone else 's room and accidentally wake them up .
the last thing i need is to come home to the two of you acting like juveniles .
and more is the last thing he needs .
the only thing i can see are his blue - grey eyes filled with lust , penetrating mine as he drives his cock inside of me .
the only thing i can think of is logan and the way he acted with me on thursday and how perfectly fine he seems now .
the only thing i can see clearly is his grey comforter .
the last thing i need is to get caught in the rain with my drunken sister .
serenity is the last thing you 're going to experience .
` ` the only thing that 's bad is how much i want to touch you . ''
` ` is this that thing people call happiness ? ''
there 's only one thing i love more than making my bonny bleu come - that 's knowing i ' m the only one to ever have done it .
the thing about your brothers is that you ' ve known them your entire life , unless they 're initiates .
it 's that awkward silence thing .
` ` another thing i ' ve missed . ''
his boutonniere on his lapel is a tiny miniature of my bridal bouquet , the spray of flowers the only thing distinguishing him from looking the way he does any other time .
my heels were the most bridal thing about my wedding attire today .
` ` bleu is the only good thing about me . ''
being pushed before she 's ready is the last thing i want her to feel .
` ` the only thing you 'll work out is being at our meeting tonight .
there 's only one thing i want once we 're back at the savannah compound - to be alone without an interrogation by the females of the house - but i have no such luck because lairah meets us in the foyer as we enter the house .
their safety was the only thing holding me here . ''
` ` it 's been the only thing on my mind all night as well . ''
` ` ironically , that 's the only thing encouraging me at this point . ''
avery is my everything and the only thing i need to complete me .
seeing avery hold a healthy baby in her arms is the only thing that 'll give me peace of mind .
i immediately rack my brain to remember every detail i can recall about fylgias but all three have one thing in common .
the last thing i needed was a big zit on my face .
if there was one thing i learned early in my life , it was how to dodge a fist coming at my face .
the only thing worse than seeing her back with him was the way she seemed so unaffected by our separation .
` ` the only thing you should consider yourself is warned because i ' m predicting this will get ugly , '' once outside , i was a little disoriented , but nick led me in the direction of my car .
the funny thing is that i was ready .
` ` if nothing else , that 's one thing we have in common . ''
i looked at how beautiful she was and i realized anger was n't the only thing i was feeling .
the weird thing about it was that i 'd catch myself smiling when they did it because i liked it .
that was the thing about always banging girls in my backseat .
at first , our lips were the only thing touching , but then she slid her arms up around my neck as she scooted her upper body closer .
i ca n't change the past but there 's one thing i can change and that 's your mother 's mind .
the not so funny thing about it ?
1 ben having emmy back in my bed was a thing of wonder .
` ` not to be a bitch , but the last thing i need right now is to be around two people in love . ''
the thing about ben that she did n't understand was his need for love and acceptance .
the sad , haunted look in his eyes is the thing i remember most . ''
emmy clearing her throat next to us was the only thing that pulled me away .
sinking into her slick heat was the only thing i needed to numb my pain .
but the last thing i wanted to talk about was my lonely roommate brian .
i should have walked away , gotten some air , but air was the last thing i wanted .
his domestic nature , despite being a rugged bad - boy , was just another thing i loved about him .
` ` i do , though , that 's the thing .
` ` serving others is the only thing that keeps me sane .
knox had been right about one thing - one day i would forgive myself and move on .
if i 'd learned only one thing on this trip , it was that life was short and could be ripped from you at any moment .
his low authoritative voice whispering my name was the last thing i heard before i let the blackness pull me under .
the way he 'd been himself - so uninhibited and fierce , taking me over the edge with each punishing stroke - was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
i did n't want him sleeping on the couch and the sorry sight of him to be the first thing tucker saw when he woke up in the morning .
i knew he felt as terrible as he looked , which was the only thing helping me contain my rage .
christ , the last thing we needed was tucker getting up .
love was the exact thing i was missing and searching for in all those women . ''
my stomach somersaulted and suddenly food was the last thing on my mind .
you and i both know there 's not a thing wrong with your ego . ''
it was just one more thing to love about him .
one thing i never counted on since moving in two years ago was the lack of true alone time .
her sweet and giving nature , her big heart that had plenty of room for not only me , but also my brothers , and her ability to forgive were all things i loved about her .
` ` fighting has never been my thing . ''
yet another thing he has in common with vinny , bellowing demands that i seem to follow like a petty officer to a drill sergeant .
it 's a funny thing that happens when you feel like you have nothing else to lose .
irony is a funny thing .
he 's now forced to give up the one thing that he probably feels like he can control .
i ' ve been training at the ralley 's in d.c . for years and it 's one of the things that set the gym apart from other places .
the last thing i need is another scene in the gym .
but i do , because it 's the only thing i can give him in the moment , and his eyes flare with satisfaction as he watches me , brings me to this place .
the only thing better than hearing those words from her lips is her actually doing it .
three double scotches for breakfast is n't really my thing .
it 's the only thing that brings me any peace .
the last thing i want to do is hurt you , olivia . ''
if one thing was different about your life , you may be on an entirely different trajectory . ''
olivia had a huge grin on her face and enjoyed every little thing about being there , from the vendors walking up and down the aisles to hearing the crowd cheer for big papi every time david ortiz stepped up to bat .
not trying to sound mean , but that 's never been your thing . ''
and that was the one thing that scared olivia most .
her lack of memory could be the only thing that had protected her all those years .
you 're the first thing i think about every morning .
olivia smiled , remembering how cam had noticed the little things about her , like how she began drinking her coffee black .
cam 's visits were the only thing she looked forward to , although she would never admit it .
the last thing she remembered was staring out at the crashing waves of the ocean before the numbness took over .
her mind went to the first thing she could think of ... alcohol .
the last thing i ever want to do is give you a reason to worry about me . ''
what if her lack of memory was the only thing that had kept her alive those past twenty - plus years ?
what if her father was right and her lack of knowledge was the only thing keeping her alive ?
if there was one thing olivia had learned over the past several months , it was that alexander was diligent with ensuring everything was locked and secured .
the only thing keeping her alive is that she is the only one who knows where that evidence is hidden .
` ` but through it all , through all the soul searching and all the questions , i ' ve realized that the one thing i do know is that i need more time to figure everything out . ''
it 's the only thing keeping you alive . ''
it was the only thing that made her forget about everything .
you see , that 's the thing about mel .
olivia was the only thing that kept him going .
he has this thing about being called dad . ''
it 's crazy , and scary , but it 's also the best thing i ' ve ever felt .
the feel of that little angel in my arms was the best thing in the world .
the only thing that could have made the day better was if drake had come with us .
more than a few times , but there was only one thing that kept me going ... '' all i could think about was you .
she had the one thing that layla and i had never had .
my presence was the only thing that got the producer dick wad to move his ass and make things happen at a faster pace .
for one thing , emmie probably did n't know about the bachelor party .
axton and the rest of the members of otherworld were laughing and ribbing each other as they chugged down the apple cider , which was the hardest thing on the menu for tonight out of respect for drake .
the thing about axton was you either liked him or hated him .
my desire was n't the only thing growing stronger day by day .
i wanted to be with emmie , picking out the new tattoo with her that she said was the only thing she wanted for her birthday .
i was pretty sure that axton 's presence was the only thing that was going to help me convince em that gabriella and i had never happened .
the thing i loved most about axton was that i never knew when he was being serious or not .
that was also the thing i hated most about him .
emmie was the only thing in the world that mattered .
that was possibly the only thing that was keeping me sane .
` ` the nauseating thing about it all is that you tend to wake up still looking beautiful as ever . ''
honestly ... that was the one thing that made me hate the girl the most .
the only thing that had kept me from pushing the issue was that liam was obviously sleeping enough .
the first thing to catch my attention was the overpowering delicious aroma of tomatoes and garlic .
there was a small clearing up closer to the stage , but i had learned quickly throughout this entire tour that that only meant one thing .
the thing about marissa was that she was a light weight when it came to alcohol .
the only thing holding me back right at that moment was one small memory .
the one thing i 'd learned fast about rockers ?
the thing about natalie stevenson , though , was that she was a lot like her brothers .
the man had loved my hair ; it was probably the only thing he had ever loved about me .
the first thing i saw was emmie standing outside of one of the buses , her phone to her ear while the majority of the security from the venue was standing around the bus like it was the freaking limo that carried the damn president in .
` ` it was about the only thing i enjoyed about our visit to oklahoma to see his parents . ''
of course he was right about the whole three thirty thing , too .
the only thing keeping me from immediately following him inside the stall was the fact that i was wearing the only dress i had for tonight 's christmas party .
my husband in his ripped jeans and dress shirt and sports jacket , with his long hair pulled back into a man bun was probably the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
the blue - gray depths of my daughter 's eyes were possibly the only thing she would ever inherit from me when it came to looks .
that s the good thing about people knowing you are stupid they do nt expect much .
without electricity , the natural light was the only thing keeping them from wandering around in the dark .
it is this thing that distinguishes him from every other mortal she has ever met , this utter fearlessness .
a suspicion soon confirmed when she informed me , i am the princess makera of the fifth royal house of the sabean , and it was quite the most extraordinary thing for she seemed to speak entirely with her eyes , the words forming out of the brown pools at the centre of each .
music can transform reality , the man smiled wistfully ; it is a thing well known amongst the borgas .
they thanked the apprentice tailor politely when he brought their coffee in and then they continued staring at me and if there s one thing guaranteed to make me nervous its people that stare .
it is common knowledge they patrol the building as part of their daily security routine and if the seraph are known for one thing it is punctuality .
indeed , the only thing that did n't seem to be working were his muscles .
that was the only thing keeping them from joam 's throat .
trading was the last thing on his mind after this morning .
that s the only thing right about the stories , dayn said .
the only thing that saved our lives was the fluid beds that we were encased in .
the first thing he saw as he pulled himself out from behind the equipment was the chief 's feet .
one thing i could nt remember was who this gertrude and emma were , and why maria was with them .
if there was one thing i remembered how to do , it was how to talk to machines .
i d been drunk before , i was sure of it , but alcohol had never really been my thing , and i could nt think of a time when i d just been outright shitfaced .
no , i m just not used to the whole cowboy nickname thing , i said , waiting for her to correct me about the cowboy part .
it is a strange thing , to feel sad that you are winningto actually want to lose because you know somehow that it will make you feel better .
the only thing that separates the normals from the unstables is luckreally , blind stinking luck .
if there is one thing you take from this conversation as a newbie , its that you can never trust them .
just as noah said , this paris thing is slowly starting to clear up as her memory improves .
when i opened my eyes , the first thing i saw was an iv bag .
residual essence after death is not a new thing .
the cold was the only thing that kept rachel from fainting on the spot .
marianne recalled her history teacher once saying that if there was one thing we can learn from history , is that we do nt learn from history .
touch is another thing all together .
common sense is another thing altogether .
that was just the thing on a cool morning to make getting up early a good thing .
coaljack was the closest thing to a son he would ever know .
the whole effect was intoxicating and allen began to softly hum the first thing that came to mind .
the biggest thing on the menu was rachels skeptical looks and obvious worry about the welfare of her son .
the last thing monkey did that day was smile and nod .
the hand she held was the only thing that kept her from making a beeline back to the safety and familiarity of the porch .
well , maybe not the only thing .
he had been in countless fights and size was nt the only thing that made hammer a biker legend .
you are too much of a purest , which is an odd thing to find in a wizard .
the last thing i want to see is godspire blown to pieces .
the only thing moving were the flames and his chest , as he took a breath he never knew he was holding .
one thing we all respect , from anyone , is honesty .
the only thing he found perplexing was that even though dex was obviously against bulling and had stepped in to defend druzeel against brask , he still allowed it to happen .
for him , the reward was the only important thing when taking a job .
the last thing he wanted to do was vomit in front of the others .
though he was irritated by having to wait so long , the only thing he felt was serenity , which was a surprise .
one thing druzeel did know was that this was not someone to fool around with .
out of everything he had said , that was the one thing the dwarf wanted to draw attention to .
he fought with only one thing : brute strength .
the only thing she wore was a plain brown shirt and simple gray pants .
you know the best thing about waging a war against genocidal machines that decides the fate of the whole universe ?
the building heat from the monstrous reapers energizing weapon had been the last thing she felt as garrus dragged her to the ground by the base of the crucible and its blinding torrent of blue - white energy .
i thought that the only thing that you knew about cars was that you ve got a red one with a distinctive rusting dent that s been there for at least two years , and that carolines got a silver one , which is newer than yours - am i right ?
as i now lay with my head upon the pillow , the only thing that i really wanted was for a good nights sleep and no more of those weird and strange dreams .
the only thing i did know for sure was that this was all very state - of - the - art , and definitely very , very expensive .
one thing that i had noticed since my arrival was the cleanliness of the place .
davila waited for a few moments until we were again seated before continuing , the strange thing about all of this martin , is that alistair and his team have never had a real interest with the investigation of individuals dreams , or thought patterns .
another thing that marked her out as different from everybody else was her height .
another thing that played on my mind was sarah .
fantastic charade or not , one thing i did know for sure was that i did not want any bloody shock treatment no way .
the next thing tony saw on the screen was the aft end of the 747 surrounded by beautiful blue skies and wispy white clouds .
` ` you for one thing , '' seth replied .
the only thing breaking the darkness , was a light from the living room that crept into the kitchen allowing him to make out his surroundings .
one thing he was nt sure of was if the broken obelisk would have a detrimental effect on where they were sent .
the thing so unique about this discovery is its organic matrix , which rejuvenates just like a trees foliage at springtime .
the nice thing about this product is that its able to withstand hot and cold temperatures , which truly amazes me ; and as doctor beltmin mentioned , it can also be used effectively in aeronautical airframes and space exploration applications .
the only thing i knew was that its exterior body was made from a special organic material , which was extremely lightweight with incalculable tensile strength .
i only want the only thing i ever want .
for beth , the most intriguing thing about the drawing was nt the philosophical relevance , it was the fact that the exact same illustration also appeared on page 306 of the great word .
the weirdest thing about being america 's most wanted is seeing my frowning mug on the television news and the newspaper racks .
one thing that i have learned from all of this is that evil can be jolly !
they all smoke like chimneys , over in the old country it seemed to be the only thing he liked in his life .
well , for one thing , they want more dope concerning the actual patch .
that s one thing i am finding , from scotland to north africa , and the balkans to karachi .
for one thing , the man never knew when to shut up .
a brisk breeze flaps the fabric of her skirt about quite merrily , and her cute little sweater is the only thing that is keeping the flimsy thing from blowing away altogether !
for one thing , the insectoids never let him get any peace and quiet .
for one thing , i was broke !
the guy looked like a typical law abiding denizen of cottonwood heights , a small middle class suburb of salt lake city , utah but the thing about atms is that everybody knows there s money in them .
the nice thing about these national chains was one membership got you into every gym they had .
first things first ; you know that thing you used to call free will ?
the only thing that will be shared is the entrance way which is why the place is priced like its a separate apartment .
the thing i cared about most was this young girl clasped within my arms .
the thing that pissed me off the most was he was going to do it by accident .
the last thing i remembered was screaming after b told me he was sorry .
` ` every single thing from my past is gone , kinda depressing . ''
strangely enough , the first thing he noticed were the stars and the moon .
one thing jane did know was that she had to bury her daughter .
the thing was that he had a bit of a crush on her too .
` ` and , no , that 's not the only thing , '' adam added .
` ` the thing is that i seem to always come back to the same conclusion . ''
no matter how much we learn or how far we progress , as long as man continues to believe he is the one in control then control is the one thing man will never have .
its impossible to get back up that way unless you re one of those creatures , and the very last thing you want is to get caught in between .
the only thing saving crilshar from the resulting torrid flares was its strong magnetic field .
the only thing she could see was the dark smile and black stare of the blood - covered crilshan as he threw his blade to the ground and clambered on top of her .
am i not the product of my creators ' hardware and software or was some other thing added to me that makes me different from the other bio - mechas ?
the only thing she cared about was that this would give her a second chance at topa .
i know one thing about kimberly and that 's her drive to find the truth about her mom no matter the cost .
at least she was grateful for one thing the rogue gave her .
one thing we have nt been able to explain is why those born in the dark half and those that lived there several years can breathe the polluted air without some side effects .
the only thing that has allowed us to survive is the fact that the ancients use a strange system of organization , almost as if they have countries within their own race .
shed grazed her hand and mireheads neat plastic bandage was the only clean thing about her .
were bleeding off air and the ambient temperature is the only thing keeping us from freezing .
captain james grgoire had many talents , it seemed , and naked post - sex back rubs were another thing melissa could add to the list .
captain , we do nt know the full situation in the hades system at the moment , but one thing we do know is that we stirred up the hornets nest pretty well before we jumped out .
if there was one thing reedy hated , it was insubordination .
the last thing he heard was valencia shouting .
the last thing he felt , however , was something strange and powerful coming over him .
its the one thing that calms her down when she s having an off day or not feeling well .
their hairs similar in color , but ethans got the whole five oclock shadow thing going .
the last thing i want is to be booted back to earth .
' one thing most of us have in common .
the thing is , the populations of the camps hardly changes . '
the moon was a different thing altogether .
lance dillow said , ' i do n't get this marsillium thing .
missing that was one thing , but he was still heading for earth .
' that 's not the same thing as love . '
for one thing , no weapons of any kind .
one thing she did n't need was another headache .
for one thing , misty would kill me if i did . '
now , the thing about big billy was , he never really taught me how to fly the bloody ship .
you 're the nearest thing to a detective that we have .
the first thing that hit dillow was the strong animal smell .
sunday , june 22nd to saturday , june 28th 2014 sunday the last thing i wanted this week is to be away from home .
i do nt know how to tell taima that if she walks up behind me and gives me a hug , the first thing i see when she does is her arm , and , i go there again , thinking about the arm in the road .
if it had been me , i d have stopped and given him my number , so we could work out how i could repay him for the damage , but i guess honesty and being nice is a dying thing in this country .
she s the closest thing to family i have right now , even before the outbreak we were really close .
honestly , it scared me quite a bit , but if there was one thing i picked up from jeremys leadership , it was to cover your fear with determination , courage , and concentration to your goal .
the only thing i could think about was where i was .
the only thing i could think about was where i could be and how to get out .
the last thing i thought about that night was my final decision to protect ashley at all costs .
the only thing i wanted to think about was her .
the only thing i wanted to see was her .
when he woke up this morning the only thing with him was this girl .
one thing khent has going for it is that its information infrastructure is much more advanced than tasmuarona , dmitri stated matter - of - factly , adjusting his glasses .
the last thing she remembered before sleep came to her the previous night was the mountains still towering distantly on the horizon .
michael was fond of the man ; the thing he liked most was that kridentz wore sticks of dynamite wrapped around his chest .
the only thing keeping him from getting thrown into a labor camp was his genius for mathematics .
by far the worst thing about his situation was the fact that warren and elkin existed .
the last thing he wanted was to puke in front of ian .
if there s one thing i learned about living in the peoples republic , michael said , its that people care about their own safety more than anything else .
i had been forced to eat some crazy shit in the core , so squirrel was a new thing , new flavor .
you know that blurry thing , well its getting bigger and less blurry .
the first thing that they noticed is that they were not the only ones staking it out .
the first thing he checked out was the door .
the only thing i like more is fresh lettuce . '
it 's labour intensive and requires patience , one thing our customers are often short of .
when we arrive on juno the first thing i notice is the serious , business like atmosphere of the asteroid .
the most striking thing about the place , about every place now that the powers gone , is how quiet it is .
but i did nt remember her smell , or the taste of her palm , or the lovely way shed scratch the backs of my ears the way i like , because those things i d never forgotten .
you sound like a politician with the minimal impact to society thing .
the only thing they need is attentive audience , pasha thought to himself skeptically , recalling mrs . klavdias adventure .
his unruly hairs flying in the wind , cool air hitting on his face ; the boys raising his hands the last thing imprinted in his memory was his mothers face smiling to him .
perhaps , it was also because of the fact that pasha was awakened and his common sense , the only thing that could resist bogumirovs pressure , was sleeping .
the thing is kluev had a magical door opener giving him access to any room , pasha retold them in brief kluevs writing about the eagle he d found .
the only thing the entire family agreed upon from the very beginning was the timing , a very traditional harvest themed wedding .
i came over here first thing .
funny thing is , he said , the earlier cults , like the peoples temple , had to make up some ersatz end of the world scenario to keep their members in line .
humans were really big on that sex thing , he said .
the last thing he wanted was to meet another disdainful human being ever .
he was about to lose the only perfect , pure thing he d ever known .
the dreams were the only thing that had changed .
but he told me there d always been a thing between the two of them .
time , bad luck , good luck , maturity , historypersonality is not a stable thing , to begin with .
it was the only thing that had kept me in the constantly bucking and jerking metal contraption .
the one thing haunting us was the prospect that one other demon was likely still out there and unaccounted for .
for one thing , most every being on each planet , rock , crater and constellation in izzian 's neck of the universe knows that intelligent life exists all over the place .
the only thing he was really missing out on , being grounded to his room was the sendoff ceremony .
it 's the oddest thing , but so far , my plascreen does n't seem to understand earth very well .
the last thing he recalled was falling into the giant arms of the very creature that had frightened him into a fainting spell in the first place .
he knew the last thing eliza wanted to hear was a lecture from thil .
one thing i do know is that this plan of ours is n't going to play out like we all think .
the only thing that matters is that you did the best you could .
` ` waiting has got to be the hardest thing of all .
the only remarkable thing about the man , excepting his peculiar size and plasticine features was his outrageous raiment , which resembled that of a very confused clown .
one thing he liked about his faceless friends is that they dispensed with small talk like the weather and immediately started solving the worlds problems .
the first thing they noticed was the splattering of red blood trailing from his face , chest , and pants all the way down to his feet .
the interesting thing was the way the zombies refused to learn any decent attack strategies .
for one thing , the living ones seemed to work faster .
the last thing she remembered was pounding into the crowd of approaching zombies .
the one thing that made space travel so different was that astronauts were weightless in space .
they re bound to take your side out of sympathy with your injuries , for one thing .
she is the only close friend nikole has , the closest thing to a sister .
` ` the thing that bothered me most about the whole experience where those eyes .
[ 5 ] 5/20/80 inside an alien spacecraft the next thing evens knows is that he is seated on a bench along a curved wall .
we walked in silence for the most part , one thing i did learn from humans , especially human males , is that they do not say an awful lot .
the first thing i became aware of was an unmistakable roaring noise , not deafening but certainly loud enough to give me some concern .
it was jondris , his speed had allowed him to grab the gnome who now dangled precariously over the edge of the craft , the only thing stopping him from falling to certain death was the precarious hold that jondris had on his leg .
there was no place to sit in the control kiosk as jdc called it , for one thing it was full of old bits of metal and what looked like half - finished sculptures , plus a lot of equipment and pipes that i did nt even begin to understand the purpose of .
as we went i could nt help noticing serinae was surreptitiously looking behind us every so often as was teouso , i knew they were worried about something , if nothing else in our journey , one thing i had learned was how to read the mannerisms of these two .
one thing i am sure of is that we will find out one way or the other before this journey is through .
i suspected that this would probably be sometime the following morning , one thing i had learnt about dwarves was that if one or two old friends got together then the resulting period of social eventing would normally last at least twenty four hours , and encompass at least one nights intrepid tasting of the local ales .
one thing that sticks in my mind above all of the other characteristics of this people .
hate mini , pure and sharp , the last thing they feel is to hate .
the first thing that captivated my attention was the passage that gruntuk recited , she repeated the passage for our benefit .
the other surprising thing was that all the elder races were depicted within the city , each and every one of us could be seen within .
i felt the usual tweaks to my anatomy as i passed between the voids , the momentary pressure on my ear drums , the stretched feeling in my chest , the slowing of time , but as always the strangest thing for me was the lack of pressure on the souls of my feet as if i was hanging in mid - air somewhere , the closest earthly experience was when swimming in water .
chapter 4 the first thing he noticed was the smell .
not being familiar with their technology or customs it may be the only thing that he had going for him .
as the fourth alien turned to watch his comrades collapse to the floor , the last thing he ever saw in this lifetime was an ever - growing ball of blue energy heading straight for his face .
she had to admit that knowing what zero could do in a game was one thing but it was quite reassuring to see he was just as skilled in a darkened alleyway .
the only thing that had kept her from getting kicked out of school was the fact that she had managed to copy down some of the files she had uncovered .
the only thing that gave him strength , was his hate , it had always been his companion .
one thing she did not want was facial tattoos , worn by all the tribe 's adult females .
is there really such a thing as luck , or is it just a joke of the gods ?
there was one thing , no one ever spoke of and that was ice .
the most frightening thing about him , was his eyes , they were dark lifeless eyes , the eyes of a dead man .
as they drew even closer , it seemed no worse , the only thing different , was a slight smell , like rotting leaves , or when you lift a rock and find insects have made it their home .
all of these things weighed heavily on his broad shoulders , the only thing that truly delighted him , was seeing andra 's face .
by sun - fall , andra was starting to think there was no such thing as luck .
the only thing that made his journey tolerable , was soffca 's warm body next to him .
after they had given up their axes to a fat oleian for ice , she returned to him and offered the one thing she still had to trade , herself .
as the moons slowly moved overhead , the alleyways of the traders were crowded with buyers and sellers , those who had no goods traded the only thing they had , themselves .
they all had one thing in common , they had no thought for the future , for they had none .
it had been a long time since she 'd felt such things and for a brief time , she thought she was back with her tribe , heading to the green pastures of darmock and the festival of the gathering .
as my end draws near , i have come to know one great truth , it gives comfort to my failing heart , the one thing all creatures great and small want , to be loved .
todd replied : no sir , i ' m not hurting for money and selling is the last thing on my mind livingston said : not even for 10,000 ?
so its the next best thing to owning it .
deciding there was little she could do for angela or william - she had to hope they would find her or jacob themselves - she instead decided to focus on the one thing she knew she could find : jacob .
` ` you 're doing that thing where you just suddenly stop what you 're doing and stare then suddenly start up again . ''
` ` now what gave that thing away . ''
the only thing left was how she looked while ill . face sunken and gaunt , eyes unfocused .
the only thing that kept me from leaving and never returning was my mother .
and that s another thing that bothered me .
i jumped up , the only thing better than looking at the lake would be to travel on it .
first thing to realise is that you two are nt special here .
if there s one thing i ve learnt its that women , and girls too i guess , get just as messed up by those feelings as we do .
blinking against the light the first thing he saw was matts face peering down at him .
they are the closest thing to a family i ve got .
the ship was the only thing they wanted .
as far as they re concerned , about the only good thing about the house is it has one hell of a liquor supply in the basement .
time warp of things that are neither the beginning nor the middle , nor the end sort of chapter 23 emerging from a wormhole with an empty stomach the thing about hurtling through time is that there are far too many things about hurtling through time to even begin attempting to convey to you in a manner that wo nt take up several human lifetimes .
time warp of things that are neither the beginning nor the middle , nor the end sort of chapter 23 emerging from a wormhole with an empty stomach the thing about hurtling through time is that there are far too many things about hurtling through time to even begin attempting to convey to you in a manner that wo nt take up several human lifetimes .
one thing i found quite amusing was a pattern of behaviour i like to call ' the circle of idiocy . '
one strange thing i had noticed about the diet of human children is that all of their most stereotypically hated foods were in actuality the healthiest food they could consume , while the food that most excited them was whatever contained the highest amount of carcinogenic chemicals and high - glucose corn syrups .
speed factor was a particularly handy thing to have in a place as terrible as hroon .
another thing about the specimen collector , i said , is that he invented the crammington krish fortini .
the last thing i remember is seeing the noxious green vapours surrounding garbotron from 8 light years away , immediately before we were sedated by some faction of kroonum officers and blasted toward the aforementioned noxious green vapours .
the first thing i saw upon exiting the swamp was a sign reading this way to bin # 897432 glpoa357 % & 11.fff , aka the bin where the beard of broog has been stashed .
zeina : these dresses for one thing .
its the same thing !
another great thing about her was she never let her fame get in the way of her family and relationship with god .
kicking zoey was the best thing .
i guess i should have had questions but if there was one thing we never did then it was let an opportunity pass us by .
the only thing rougher than alcohol with an official licence was the state of your tongue the morning after .
not one single thing .
but its definitely the languages , that s the thing .
another nice thing about him was that if he was staying here and she was nt , then they were nt involved .
the last thing i saw in that room was her shoe , its shiny black toe dirtied by a thin string of vomit .
stark worked in oils so did nt use paint brushes but we got our lunch and that was the main thing .
the dirt was the only thing holding home together , here everything was so clean it would fall apart in a heartbeat .
i ve never seen it do that with you so i wondered if it was a new thing .
the thing is that this is beyond the game really , marshall said .
the weirdest thing of all was feeling that rail pressed against her stomach while at the same time seeing herself from a point in space several metres away .
the thing that we were when we came together , we ve left something of that behind .
making babies was the last thing on her mind when she fantasised about making love to rick .
the last thing she wanted was to see something that was sharp and detailed , for that would have been a spirit .
that s not the only thing that s wrong with you , my darling .
that s one thing that you and angela do have in common .
that s the great thing about being the high priest , people think you re infallible .
arriving at the earth dome , the first thing you were struck by was how wide open it was .
who knows what will happen doug , but one thing i know .
` ` this is one thing i like less than the fresh air , '' i added .
we ate and each of us tried to find the closest thing to a smooth patch in this god - forsaken forest .
the thing that struck me was the lifelessness in his eyes .
the last thing i heard as we closed the shuttles doors was the systems voice saying , launch sequence aborted .
one thing that struck me was that they were better dressed than most .
the first thing he pulled out was a dust covered black leather bound book .
we quickly searched for you in the murky water but the only thing we found were the propeller fragments from the collision .
the only thing that saved him was his death - grip on the rope .
it 's the only thing i have remaining of my father .
the only thing that ever irked me about him was his addiction to gambling .
the last thing i wanted was to take a closer look , but i did n't feel that sense of dark menace radiating from them like the booth .
the thing that bothered me the most was that it had direction .
the only thing left were some scattered ashes , and a few lone wizened support beams , twisted and bent like pulled taffy .
i remembered late nights in my first apartment , the hum and slosh of the dishwasher the only thing that helped me get to sleep .
i know what you mean , i felt the same thing the first few times i saw them , i replied when she paused .
the last thing i wanted to hear was airi whispering to me that i was making a mistake so i walked faster , hoping to put enough distance between myself and the girls sleeping in the car before i changed my mind .
the uncles were good for one thing , at least .
it seemed that another thing yuki and i shared was an aversion to the portals .
the only thing spoiling the illusion was the thick coating of dust on everything .
one nice thing about the bombs was that they killed all the bugs for hundreds of kilometers around , so i could keep the screens open and not worry about mosquitoes .
the funny thing is , you could almost forget about the conditioning until you needed it .
both just wanted one thing and one thing only : to be home .
was she feeling the same thing ?
sighing , thanatos replied , you re new to this , but being the descendant of kronus is no small thing , mistress kira .
if there was one thing she missed more than anything , it was the hunting trips she used to go on .
well that s the thing .
the last thing aeria wanted to do right now was spend a few hours in a confined space with her irritating brother but there was no choice .
the only thing different was that i had a scar on my abdomen , but i could nt remember where i got it .
the only positive thing to be found was that it was still night .
her apprehension at not following the doctors orders to the letter was the only thing keeping here from returning to the warmth of the pub .
lord lodges powering presence was the only thing that kept me composed as we walked along the portal lined halls of the north tower .
the only thing holding her back was the look tiberius had given her when they were stopped .
the deed for this hotel for one thing , plus some other documents , dubec offered as he opened the safe .
sebastian was the owner and operator of the rat hole , not to mention the closest thing to a friend gabriel had .
daniel may be a shameless scavenger with a notorious reputation for doing just about anything for the right money , but the one thing he held higher than anything else was his own well - being .
the quiet is the first thing i notice .
that s the strangest thing about this route : how undamaged the stations are compared to the wilted , crumbling buildings around them .
the officials are nt the worst thing about shepherds bush , though .
that is the last thing that i need .
the only thing keeping me from panicking is brans hand on my elbow .
the only thing wrong with me is a slight dizziness from loss of blood and an irritating cut across my shoulder .
the thing about the olympiae club is that they employ specific people with the sole intention of inducting them into their ranks .
he looks pissed off in real life , that s the main thing i notice about him .
a knock on the door is the only thing that stops me from further fiddling with the bracelet .
i feel a rare thing : alive .
when we hit aboveground the brilliant light blinds my eyes and i see some of the guardians experience the same thing .
the first thing i see is miya .
in fact , the only thing that separated it from a medieval dungeon was that instead of looking out the window onto a kingdom , you looked out at dead space : the place where a star could not be seen for at least three light years in every direction .
that was the other great thing about living out in the middle of nowhere .
the only thing they all had in common was the uniform .
i think he s the closest thing i have to a the drama !
that was the good thing about the girls i chose to hang out with ; they did not get all emotional .
zand , i began , knowing i was going to make another enemy today , i have this thing called a personal bubble and you are currently standing in it .
however , nis was just about the cutest thing even with his big goggles on .
another thing we learned in our history class : time travel was utterly illegal .
the only thing that was different about this morning was the fact i could not bring myself to get off the floor .
the great thing about being a trinard was that he felt no obligation to protect his body .
but that was not the only interesting thing about that passcode : mel had what looked like an earthling mythological phoenix printed on the front of her tunic .
the fact that tak resembled a heron was not the most interesting thing about the bird .
one thing had not changed though ; her wild red hair was still out and wavy .
it turned out there was one thing amelia and i had in common : we were both fond of the impassive trinards amethyst eyes .
once securely strapped into it , he put on his helmet and did an air leak test the last thing he wanted was to breathe space .
the only thing lacking was toilet facilities but these were available a couple of doors away from the room .
slightly odd , he thought , as the last thing he could remember was going to sleep on a settee , and he was definitely alone .
besides the hunger , the worst thing is that for a few days i am a little taller or shorter or stockier than i think myself to be , and i occasionally bump into lintels or catch on branches .
one more thing liberty knew - he could scarcely run .
he 's really , really smart for one thing .
it was the most relaxing thing he 'd ever experienced , and suddenly he felt like crying and was n't at all sure why .
* * * the movement from the horizon and thick stand of odd trees was the only thing critically unusual about the new world , if you did n't look too closely at the curly red grass beneath your feet or the rows of insects , armored yellow shells about the size of a plum , marching purposefully in parallel lines toward some obscure goal in the distance .
the last thing they could see was his hair .
there was one more thing he knew - the general was no idiot .
the last thing he was aware of was isara 's voice .
one thing struck him about the plane it was nondescript and unmarked , being a simple white jet with a red stripe down the side .
funny thing is , i changed overnight .
the first thing ayako noticed was her new necklace that she greatly admired , embarrassing nizhoni a little .
the one thing we have in common was in leaving our home town of drogheda , in ireland .
the journals do have one thing in common though : they all note that some type of pathogen caused the disappearance of almost half the crew in the first droe .
but there s one thing i do nt make in my kitchen anymore : coffee .
the first thing my eyes registered was the smile that dropped off sweatys face .
but they were building it where the sounds of the rifle and explosive ordinance ranges are pervasive ; the last thing a soldier with ptsd needs is to be surrounded by the sounds of combat .
the thing about the telestial kingdom is you re only accorded glory based on your works- its the only heaven where individualitys still a factor .
the only thing that saved my life was my car roof taking at least some of the heat off it before it landed .
her anger and pride is the only thing keeping her astride the kirtag .
as we moved out the first thing it did was blow some fire breathe at us which we easily douched .
another thing about criminals : it does n't take much to spook them .
oh that 's just the thing .
regarding this cycle , the things that stand out are my mothers middle name , and few other discrepancies regarding days , dates and places .
martin continued , the thing that puzzles me is that i come back with a history in my head that has n't yet changed to reflect the shift in reality .
the first thing he remembered was the shot of whiskey that he unwittingly chug - a - lugged .
dr . grant mentioned that in his conversation with you just prior to the implant that the last thing you remember was walking through the outer courtyard , south of the building .
another distinguishing thing is that my memory is altered .
the only thing keeping me from collapsing into a sobbing mess was the sense that danger was still around .
unfortunately , like most little boys , pristine photos were the last thing on my mind when a yard full of mud and bugs was so readily available for playing .
the trees were the only things moving as their leafy tops leaned inward to support the ropes of the net .
the only thing he lacked was carrying himself with discipline .
the last thing her superior cared to hear about was maternal sentiment .
the only thing keeping the bastard alive at this moment was the reinforced glass .
` ` this man is the closest thing to a living audie murphy you will ever find .
the one thing that seemed to help them forget their own loss and misery was revelling in the loss and misery of others .
the only thing worse than getting hit by the toad was not getting hit by the toad .
it just does nt seem to be my thing .
the last thing i remember is coming home from work and not feeling well .
the annoying thing was that russell had already had this running through his head .
funny thing was he found that endearing about her .
for one thing , she was wearing a black , tight top , which left little to the imagination .
keep an eye on you for one thing .
that was another thing they shared .
for one thing , the car park had only been mildly affected .
for one thing , this one was real .
that was the good thing about working at greysons .
the only thing russell was able to identify was a bright red timer that was slowly ticking away the final few seconds on the count down .
the doctors ca nt find a thing wrong with him , other than him being unconscious .
the thing is , both fairies and unicorns were magical creatures , and magical creatures get along fine , just so long as they never have to see or have anything to do with other magical species .
the last thing he knew was the ground rushing up to meet him .
the scariest thing about him was that he looked absolutely ordinary to me , but there was something about his eyes saying , i know you are keeping something from me , and i want you to own up .
the weather did nt improve a bit ; the only thing that changed was the intensity of the rain .
if i m honest i m always surprised that he can actually fall asleep , but it seems that s just another thing that does nt seem to bother him , though its a light sleep .
the last thing he needs is me breaking down into a quivering girly wreck .
placing every brushstroke with certain , exact precision was the only thing that mattered .
according to his boss , there was one thing the department disliked and that was his unique quietness , the irrefutable feeling that he was hiding something .
but they all have one thing in common .
that was one thing about reaching what the tv euphemistically and poetically referred to as your twilight years : if you were lucky enough to hang on to your senses ( as many of james ' long - time friends had sadly not been ) then the world was brought into sharp focus as the timer ticked down toward zero .
the last thing she needed tonight was nathan .
the only thing he knew was he was out of his depth .
the last thing he expected was to be sitting in this finely appointed office .
from the orientation of the elevator , and every thing else henry judged that the terminal was below the street , and garden in front of roberts house across the street .
the thing about henry she thought she liked the most was the way he looked at everything he saw with acceptance , and wonder .
even with the size difference the first thing henry thought of was the emperor tamarin .
the first thing she noticed immediately about amica scared her even more than the note on amicas file .
it is a special thing to connect with someone whose abilities so naturally mirror your own , there is competitiveness , a camaraderie , and if you are lucky eventually a familial bond of sorts , he took a deep breath , and looked over towards amica .
the only thing that kept her moving was that her nerves were wound tighter than a violin string .
the thing that jumped out at him first was the fact she was discussing his future in the past tense .
but dads incessant worrying is nt the only thing bugging her .
dads tone brings to mind the way a soldier would speak to a superior officer , another thing that s totally unlike him .
they re the only thing left of my family .
yet the only thing i feel is disappointment .
first thing i think about is how i ca nt stand that guy .
only thing they both have is their muscular frames .
the strange thing is that they re moving in normal speed .
the only thing they ve got going for them is that they came in high spirits .
ah , yes , the power of influence , its the only thing that counts these days .
the only thing that s heard is a continuous roar from the barrel of some of their guns .
only thing i can recognize is that this place is a zoo , a zoo filled with disorderly monkeys .
the thing that intrigues me the most is that its got strange doors with various symbols and markings everywhere .
the song ends and the first thing that uriel says , if there s one thing i love about your species , its your music .
the only thing i know for sure is that i m not going to give up without a fight .
the only thing i can see from so far , his smile .
the arcs definitely have one thing in common , they re good souls .
the worst thing about her is when she gets up close .
its proximity to the demilitarized zone is the only thing that makes it of interest for a military outpost and causes our concern over losing contact .
the only thing that sets you apart from your peers is your imagination and what you learned from this class .
one thing i learned from all my schooling is that you ca nt be confident that your weapon will harm an opponent until you know what its capable of .
the one thing he never wanted was to carry the guilt and heartache of losing more soldiers .
the last thing we d want is for them to suffer when help is so close .
the thing is that if they ever succeed , they say raven was the only one powerful enough to beat him .
the first thing traiven noticed was the difference in the symbol he wore .
one thing traiven knew for certain , he was not the type to just turn and walk away .
very , one thing about him is that his summoner klide never gets involved with his battles .
now the closest thing he had to a home was this ship and its odd array of alien life .
the only thing visible in every direction was an odd , pulsating , reddish hue .
but one thing that they did nt count on was his unpredictability .
the explosion was the last thing nick remembered before passing out .
funny thing was they did nt seem to be trying to learn his language either .
` ` the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that i 'll see you when i ' m asleep .
` ` one thing you have in common with quincy lott is that you always spend too much time analyzing if you did the right thing .
this whole being a general thing , it 's getting to me .
the only thing that kept him from going insane or giving up was that he would n't be fighting any more soldiers .
glenda also acknowledged what rex was saying , its the strangest thing , she said , i ca nt understand why , i but i know too qiaoshan will be alright .
there were only a handful of them , and they stopped growing at random , some as babies , some as infants , some as children , but they all had one thing in common , a genetic distortion .
the most annoying thing about them was their subject matter .
reaching into her pack she paused only briefly to ask one thing .
the crowd watched without a word , saranoda 's rumble the only thing heard .
instead , annoyance came heavy on his reply , no , in about ten minutes the only thing left of your worry will be a nice , clean scar .
an edge of panic was the first thing he was truly conscious of .
the last thing i need is to have a door disappear between me and the others , he thought .
the floor was tiled with a heavy stone , the arching ceiling the only thing giving away the illusion of being outside .
lodestok often held the youth 's very attractive face in his hands and stared deeply into the green depths , a frightening thing for sarssen that lodestok read minds efficiently these days .
` ` chance is a strange thing , '' murmured the scholar .
` ` there are two of blach 's henchmen about for one thing . ''
no one else could have so easily dealt to lokar , certainly not a child , and that was another thing that made the reader both tense and suspicious .
he was totally unprepared for the brutal entry into his mind from an infuriated sorcerer and came bolt awake to a mental rampage that was the nearest thing to agony luton had experienced .
he felt as though he 'd suffocate , physically struggled to orient himself and make sense of where he was , and the only thing that gave him comfort was the hand held in his .
you 're the closest thing to bethel she has and she needs you . ''
the only thing that grated on his nerves was the isolation , but he accepted that with an inward shrug .
that was the thing about alec : everyone knew he was a great guy , that he was a skilled fighter and had impeccable morals , but he was hard to actually know on any intimate level .
the only thing she could think of as the cause was that beck was a friend of her fathers and she already knew that he would not be happy about what his daughter was planning to do .
she just was nt sure she liked that he also had the same thing with other women .
only one thing kept georgiannas spirits up each day , that in the weeks since their escape , nyah and alec had yet to be caught .
zion ben - jonah writes the one thing that christians need to learn most if they are to be ready for the tests that lie ahead , is how to hear and obey the voice of god .
for one thing , what they heard challenged each of them to ask god for reassurance that they had not been deceived .
the scariest thing was that the description was so close to the truth .
( ephesians 5:5 ) the most inspiring thing about the rise of the antichrist , however , is that his hypocrisy will cease .
the saddest thing about the executions were the children .
if there was one thing the saints found difficult about life in new jerusalem , it was living without their normal concepts of time .
the other thing she had noticed , was the fact that the straw like grass where she was standin ' before she fell , was now more like a dense moss , but had a kind of reddy brown colouration about it .
its ok . and with that we resume walking carrying our clothes , the last thing we need is for our clothes to be locked in the rooms and for us not to be able to retrieve them .
this could be the last thing i eat , but at this moment i am so hungry , i do nt care , so scoop up some more .
i crawl round rachels head , avoiding kicking up the sandy soil , the last thing she needs is a mouthful of that .
there s only one good thing about isselan history , siggar said as he slouched way down in his chair .
he had nearly emptied his tray before beaumont said , the bum leg is nt the only thing , eh , lad ?
the door closed , and the last thing charles saw as he was still laughing , was artis with his arms at his side and his mouth slightly open .
the only thing he could remember was the advice he had heard time and again .
her eyes , that sky blue color , were the last thing he remembered of her as she sank into the liquid .
there s no such thing as luck .
but this flu - like thing , you say that should die out ?
the thing i miss the most is my music .
that was the thing about the galaxy , the universe even - appearances were misleading .
it always sat just below her eyes , her nose , lips and chin the only thing in view as she tramped around the lower levels of the slums .
alice would also have to get out of it as soon as she could , but for the immediate future the wind was the only thing keeping her going .
and that was the great thing about chado .
that was the funny thing about old tech , no matter how hard you tried to get around it , it seemed alive .
the most notable thing about shinyalu , about amy , and about all of the people living in shinyalu , was just how typically unnotable they were .
except for one thing : the aliens apparently continued to roam free , untouched by the authorities .
the only thing left that mattered .
dude , its a thing called hope .
this is the only thing i m holding on to .
^if there s one thing i hate , its dry skin .
the next thing she nest was a cast from the last person she ever wanted to see .
if there s one thing i can sense , its morality .
she was his every waking thought , the first thing and the last thing he thought of every roa .
she was his every waking thought , the first thing and the last thing he thought of every roa .
he heard from barry oh one thing you should know about my species the builders .
she is the only thing that keeps me going .
the last thing i need right now is play out possible scenarios in my mind , especially ones that involve me failing , fainting , or falling .
now that s another thing that bugs me , doll .
for one thing , i was wearing the same clothes , and still did n't have any boots on .
the last thing that he remembered before he passed out was the old man 's joyous laughter .
but if there was one thing that wodi truly despised , it was bickering over small things .
wodi gripped his spear , the only thing that felt real in this waking nightmare .
the only thing the founders had in common was that they hated the flesh demons and hated the line of kings who sacrificed humans to demons in order to survive .
lord , i m afraid to give away the only thing i truly own .
the odd thing was he slept through just about all of them , the only time he woke up was when the show ended , then he would change the channel .
` ` the only thing more dangerous is a horse ... thankfully they 're only used for food , '' geb said laughing .
the one thing i had really enjoyed about the modern era was that for the most part , for small purchase 's , nobody haggled anymore .
the first thing peter and i saw when we entered the city , is what looked like the hanging gardens described in the seven wonders of the world .
that was one thing she knew without having to plug in .
it was the one thing that they shared in common admiration of alexs computing abilities .
the only thing she found comfort in was the two familiar faces standing over her .
however , with that another thing was lost the joy of driving .
the first thing she did when she opened her eyes was look skyward .
that might be the only thing good about it .
that s the thing you have to deal with when you become a part of a larger group .
there s another thing that s been bothering me .
josiah eventually thought there was something familiar about the man , but upon first seeing him , his hideous mustache was the only thing that caught josiahs attention .
well , that s the thing .
what if there is nothing out there , and the only thing that exists is here ?
what s funny is congress passed a law says well come get our boys if you take them , and the one thing they outlawed in that operation was bribery .
that s the thing about sex work , it ai nt for everybody .
bloods about the only thing i do pay attention to .
and i might add that this beer ... its the real thing .
one thing she remembered from her days so long ago at starfleet academy : when there is only one road left to ones goal , prepare to travel it .
the only strange thing is that it fit on this ship .
no rats would come near , and the masters did n't want to come near because of the thing they called radiation .
he 'd see that the one thing that caught him big trouble was hurting her .
there 's one thing that wakes a whole house , it 's the sound of someone moving things around in their kitchen .
the only thing stopping her or anyone else walking out and doing whatever they wanted was the fact that the guards would do what they liked when they came back .
the thing that stood out about the entire place was how neatly both she and smiley fit .
there was once a time when the love of words was the only thing that prevented my taking my own life . ''
and the thing about space , the surprising thing for sahra , was that there was lots of it .
another thing she learned about space , light and dark were absolute .
the kind of thing that others judged him by , first .
the thing is , it 's up to us to choose to pick 'em up again after we 're done . ''
and that is the sick , sad thing about our corrupt system .
there is one thing worth mentioning about this program .
chapter 12 facade crime pays another thing that really bothered darren and amber was how the government treated disabled people .
the first thing she noticed was a document with the name , amy fortin , on it .
it must be a guy thing .
the funny thing about the whole sin record was that few people were ever being actively watched .
that 's the thing about ` ` feeling better '' .
it was wood , for one thing .
the most important thing to know about christophe venderi is that he was always perfect .
the only thing that changed was the removal of christophe , ergo , christophe was oppressive .
just one more thing taken away from me .
the only thing funnier than my uniform was ralph 's .
` ` the only thing i like better than gaming is my sleep .
it was terrible and the only thing that kept me from spitting it out was knowing that marlon would never let it go if i did .
that 's the thing about bradley .
but the most important thing i noticed in the split second before the noise and flashing and wave of questions rolled in from the crowd was that he was also ... alone .
with lancaster , it was the twitchy eye thing again .
it was a long day for everyone and the last thing anyone wanted to hear was bickering .
that was another thing about the guy that bothered me .
the first thing i noticed was the silence .
and if there 's one thing that teenagers are good at , it 's error ! ''
the thing was , he sounded almost excited .
another handy thing about inspeaking ; you can talk and eat at the same time .
everything , every single thing i knew was gone .
ya know , jack , the funny thing about being available is the schedule .
to speed , the next best thing to moonball , was riding his gravbike through the rubble and craters of the moons surface .
for one thing , prior to my esp training , when i see previews there is rarely a calendar , clock or anything visible that could tell me exactly when a scene is occurring .
you do nt know the first thing about what turns a girl on .
the presence of star was the main thing that kept him sane .
the last thing he clearly remembered was falling into the water or being yanked into it by ... something .
it was a while before it occurred to me and everyone else that sleep is nt that bad of a thing , and , oh yeah , now i ca nt sleep at all .
she found her afternoon adventures to be the only thing that caused the day to turn , and she had many more days to turn until she could get home .
the first thing he noticed was how out of place he suddenly felt .
the first thing austin noticed was the heat .
is it the same thing for both you and me , since you 're rebuilt ?
it 's this pattern thing , and the fact the holey could destroy it so quickly and easily that bothers me .
from what you said to hunter there 's another thing we share .
the scent of mint from zacs herb tea mix filled the kitchen and the warmth of the woodstove were things dolores was aware she missed or perhaps she had always missed them .
they were the only thing that mattered to me .
neil started to say something stopped and then asked , there s one thing i do nt understand even after sharing a memory fusion with you .
it is one thing we share with holeys .
the only thing we lose are memories .
he had been deployed to combat zones in the navy and seen some god - awful shit , but this was the closest thing to what the shrinks labeled ptsd that the sailor had ever experienced .
the funny thing about pain , the black man had said removing the chairs remaining stumps from the back of his legs , is that its only temporary .
after joining the titanese guard it had been a hard shock to discover that , on board a titanese vessel , selfish was the last thing one could get away with being .
the one thing he feared was the reaction he would undoubtedly get from the others once they found out just why he d run away .
his training in the art of fencing was the only thing keeping her focused .
the wind brought the fragrance of the bath to me , and its rich scent was the last thing i remembered before i fell asleep .
the only thing i d eaten all day was the one tiny candied pie .
` ` but we ' ve just seen the closest thing to an entire explanation that there is .
and the only thing i can think that would make you this upset would be if you knew something very , very bad about it .
the only thing that 's keeping me from telling everyone is that you think it 's important to keep it secret for now .
the thing about a logical world is that overdoses hardly ever happened .
early 50s and 60s , fully aware of the importance of the revolution logic had caused , yada yada the important thing about the board was that they acted a check on his own power , and he could appreciate that immensely .
more than anything else , this was probably atizays favorite thing about his world he had helped create : people could finally , truly , be free .
the only thing that makes you better than the regimes of before is that you have n't killed anyone to make your point .
but another thing that i ve learned in my travels is that making plans and time traveling mix about as good as oil and water .
the first thing that jumped out at me were the helmets , wicked looking things with smoky eyes that glowed florescent red with a hose coming from each side of the mouthpiece and running behind their shoulders , attaching to something i could nt see .
death by firing squad seemed to be the only thing on my menu right then and let me tell you , it was nt looking appetizing in the least .
jabbing at the screen , chloe started spouting russian , which was kind of her thing , you know , when she got really mad or upset .
i suppose we could ve taken one of my many vehicles since owning a lot of expensive cars was just a thing that all billionaires did , but i decided that it would ve ended up left on a curb whilst i went through time , or something like that .
back up , darling , i said , rolling my eyes around , mainly because that was the only thing i could actually move .
chapter 10 freedom is the main thing teenagers long for .
there s one thing i ve come to notice about motels , said the eternal space chicken of the sacred quack .
the prospect of sex was the last thing on my mind .
for some reason , the next thing i goggled was google .
she was doing that sniff - convulse - cry thing , but somehow managed , today is my moms birthday .
and the first thing he thought about was how truly hungry he was .
` ` the last thing i remember girls was standing in front of that awful spider .
the last thing i needed was for cailen to close up on me again .
the only thing wrong with him was his left legit was gone at the knee .
the only thing that set one amulet apart from the rest was the color of the metal casing .
that the good thing about boys .
the only unusual thing was the lack of information exchanged between the front line and the rest of the soldiers .
he had nt , and maybe that was the most suspicious thing about jace .
the strangest thing about the ship was it did nt look like it was designed to carry any people , or aliens , or whatever .
it was another thing he noticed about these aliens ; no one was ever in a hurry to get anywhere .
that was the only thing mac had going for him .
the thing that gave us the most uneasiness was the fact that we did not yet know what powers the martians might have in reserve .
the price , the professor said solemnly , will be one thing and one thing only .
the only thing that was working in their favor was the fact that by going vertical relative to the systems plane , 344 was beginning a whole new vector .
so the only thing i can figure out that would explain their actions is that their psychological makeup as a race has made them either extremely aggressive or extremely paranoid .
having an inspired thought was one thing , having a full - blown vision was quite another .
that makes you the closest thing to an expert on operational use of cfps that we have .
refueling would be a lot easier for one thing .
secondly , the thing with earthens was that their backwardness meant they concentrated on things no one else did .
one thing about albertines is that they have great style and fashion sense .
the only decent thing about earth was that it seemed to be damned good for your health .
the only thing that really differentiated people from different countries , other than looks , was their ancient cultures .
the thing with these craft is that you can rotate the wings to have the turbines facing backward and thus giving you more speed , the problem there being that you have nothing holding you up .
the thing was that no one really wanted a laikan for their doctor , people are prejudiced by looks , you see ?
the first thing andrew forster , one time president of the united states , thought on entering the room was how dimly lit it was .
that s the thing about working on a tourist planet , everyones on holiday , but you !
the thing with engines on big space ships was that they needed to be protected from all sides as an enemy fighter could come from any angle .
the thing with riots was that they are best left to drain themselves away , there s no point risking the lives of guards when there was no way of stopping it anyway .
dana said , the last thing he needs in his life is you .
it was the last thing i felt before fading into darkness .
the calm of the room was nt necessarily the best thing in the world .
when we opened the doors and exited the suvs , the sound was the first thing to catch my attention .
i m not a guy hung up on saving the world , that s davids thing .
the only thing i could feel was confusion .
it was last thing that i heard , besides grunts and groans , before going totally black .
there was blood staining all of them , a thing emphasized by their obvious exhaustion and filth .
a keener awareness , a propensity to gather in groups , that sort of thing .
he d been avoiding me , a thing which annoyed me , so i felt nothing annoying him for a while .
and even then , given the two deaths before this event , being called immune was not the same thing as actually being that way .
i found my fears to be somewhat sated , and the only thing i thought of until it was that everything happened was chess mouth .
i did nt look at him , not at first , but his tone was foreboding ; it was the first thing i noticed .
the only thing that moved was a lone figure at the top of the courtyard near the gate .
purpose was the one thing that my mom had left behind .
i was positive that nothing would ever mean more to me than pure survival , as that had always been the only thing that i had ever held dear .
it was just another thing on the list of my shortcomings .
she shook her head again , understanding her plight and thinking how that was the last thing she needed to be thinking about at a time like this .
the only thing that gave it any real beauty were the two thickly lined clear - ebb windows , usually displaying the universe before himstars , the seldom seen comet that flew by , the clouds of a nebula , and of course , the red planet lumus .
the last thing crystal wanted was to be slowed down .
the only thing he knew was that his brother would surely come to save him .
a nice rallying cry from you all should be just the thing the soldiers need to get pumped up .
i was the only thing different .
i had grown up with the idea that the only thing important in life was to keep it going .
the only thing i knew for certain as i flew back to the castle to find my friends was that it would take a long time to piece that day together in my mind , if i ever did .
there was one thing that i still did nt understand about that day .
made from solid wood and wrapped with studded bronze bands , it had the appearance of not having been used in many years , maybe even centuries , except for one thing .
the first thing was her distrust of atreus .
if he was going to die , he wanted that image to be the last thing he ever saw .
it was the only thing that kept her fear at bay .
refusing to even sleep for risk of being assaulted or robbed by the locals , the only thing keeping lord amhersts stinging eyes open this morning was the prospect of finding the second key and securing his extraterrestrial reward .
the last thing atreus heard before crashing to the sand was the roaring rush of igniting air mixed with titos gut - wrenching screams .
atreus barely recognised the man , his face a mask of tortured pain , but one thing remained unchanged , his eyes .
* * * the last thing patroclus remembered was the zing of bullets as they punched through the cabin walls to ricochet all around him .
well , one thing i ve learnt to recognise in the last few days , is the sound of someone cocking an automatic hand - gun , atreus said .
i really do nt , cassandra continued , but one thing i do know , is that if anyone can save us , its you .
that thing about him martyring himself , that did nt mean anything .
everyone knew kate borrowdale was the most qualified , the fittest , the most competitive terrain scout of the group , but only she knew the one thing that outmatched them allher feelings for jason remington .
indeed , as the river widened to a slow drift , brightly lit from above , and they swam to safety on the right hand bank , the first thing they did after crawling ashore was hold hands .
as was the last thing on her pre - drop itinerarya sneak sojourn to the fair moniques orchards on g - deck , specifically the apple orchard .
the last thing he saw before his eyes seared shut was brilliant white light , and the distinct outline of a coiled snake hovering right in front of him .
her anonymity was the only thing that could save her .
it was the only thing they had in common with his daughter , it was one thing too much .
it was the only thing they had in common with his daughter , it was one thing too much .
the last thing i remember was wondering if what i was looking at was real or is my small sanctuary a lie as well .
maybe jason saw in wolf the exact same thing and came to trust this man in an institute where he had learned at too young an age that trust is a gift carefully given and received , wolfs trust in jason was just as precious as giving wolf his own .
i must have looked terrified , that s the only thing i knew to explain that look of pure compassion on jasons face .
i did nt realise it could read my mind , i still do nt understand fully how this works but i thought about being in the car and the last thing i saw before i fell asleep , the tarrington sign and it understood what i was seeing .
chapter 26 lily the thing that scared me the most was the lack of chase .
the only thing missing was my big window .
neat trick i said , you did that all without a wand quite , from jason , well that was a first , the one thing i could rely on with jason was a comeback , every time , except now it seemed and i would lie if i did nt admit how unsettling that was .
i would have fallen if it had nt , it was the only thing giving me strength .
chapter 29 lily the first thing i noticed was how cold i felt , i guess that s what woke me up .
all movies had one thing in common ; the shape of the alien vessels .
the worst thing about this walking - through - walls ritual was the complete lack of privacy .
actually , he seemed to be communicating with that mind contact thing because , although they were clearly in conversation , their lips did n't move .
` ` i know that oneit 's a cumulus thing . ''
the wonderful thing about their lives was the fact that they never got ill and never suffered infirmities .
the first thing the boys saw was the dark blobs of congealed blood staining the fabric .
to do a job well for some days or weeks , a month even , that is one thing .
the first thing hansum saw was the master in his night shirt and cap , sitting on the bench , his arms hanging by his sides , his chest heaving with sobs .
you are the first person ever to possess such a thing . ''
i am content that your voice is the last thing i 'll hear . ''
the cold was the first thing he felt , it was the most terrible cold .
the first thing he noticed was a window , and he finally realized that they were travelling .
there was one thing she wanted but not allowed to have .
the first thing they noticed was the thick , black , rubbery insulation both underfoot and around the walls .
how could i , said madi , despondent , he s changing the one thing we may have had in common the way we look .
they are all just relieved to be alive rebel subs are a thing of past .
when marcus had turned he noticed again and even more the same thing about his baby girl , but it was n't as much of a shock because he had seen her dressed to enhance her womanhood before ; yet he allowed that to pass and watched sk'lar 's reaction with great interest .
while the water was not exactly hot , it was the closest thing to a hot shower jeff had experienced since arriving in the 17th century , and it felt great .
for one thing , she hated books .
the trees are one of the best things about living in this part of the country .
well , he could probably twist your sorry ass into a pretzel without working up a sweat if he wanted to , for one thing .
another thing we of the tribe learn early is to always worry .
could it be the thing that he sought for many centuries ?
the other thing to remember is that your powers are strongest near the source , and that the forest is also alive and strong .
small bear was right about one thing though , goth .
the other thing i insist upon in a work is closure .
` ` i was tired , which is a whole different thing than being sick .
the last thing i needed was a large , white wolf pup charging about the place .
you ve got a helluva lot of seniority on me , for one thing .
she had always had an appetite for life that he seemed to lack and she was as fierce in her loves as she was in her vengeance , if crossed , and her husband amir had felt the bitter truth of that as the last thing he d known in this life .
well , he was the closest thing to a friend , the annoying bastard he was , but he was a good man .
when we found you on the moon base your head was the only thing that remained of you .
snickers presence was all that remained of her past , the only thing that she had left to cling to though she forced herself to focus on her escape , on the land as it unfolded before her , materializing from the darkness .
it was the last thing that remained of her mother , of her parents .
another thing i could n't take any more of , were these goddamn nutbuckets .
able to feel , emote , forget , dream , imagine , hypothesize and do any other thing we organics could do , the only thing that was different , was this guy 's guts were metal .
the only thing that really exists is credits .
the only other thing they knew was that his title is a play on how he apparently ca n't say it .
the only thing that made her slow down , made her take more furtive glances over her shoulder , was that the beast was not giving chase .
the only thing giving her faith she was in her right mind was the fear and disgust memory of the fog brought up .
` ` if there 's one thing i know , it 's women , '' answered rieki .
nice thing about these older cars , it was pretty easy to disable them and deter thieves .
the last thing i remember was getting ready to go on a dateinummmphiladelphia ?
the only thing that kept me going was sheer necessity .
they had the same mos , for one thing .
after all the resisting he d done , it finally seemed like the moment had come , at least for one thing .
her eyelids sank , she shivered as the environmental cooling kicked on ; the only thing keeping her awake was the brutal throbbing of her leg and collarbone as blood pooled beneath the skin .
chemicals were one thing they never seemed to be in short supply of .
it was the next best thing to being with one of the grease weasels .
there s no such thing as a free lunch , even if that lunch consisted of freedom and vengeance .
the other great thing about the tablet was that it was connected to the internet .
at least it was a comfortable temperaturethat was one thing that she sometimes missed about the domes .
the only thing stopping her was knowing that killing a solider in the dome , regardless of the reason , would amount to a heap of trouble so big even she would have trouble getting out of it .
the last thing shed eaten had been nearly twenty four hours before , at the niagara .
once sufficiently de - skunked enough not to pollute the bath , slipping into the hot water of the whirlpool was the best thing shed felt since fucking argon back in the flats .
the other great thing about getting free of the dome was that she could freely communicate with her crew in the pits .
they d come together over music in the first place , and it was still the thing that kept them together .
the thing i always asked was , what s this guys angle ?
entry 1 - 011 : january 2 , 2013 creating elementary particles with energy the one thing the vuduri have , that we do not , is infinite free energy .
rome 's explanation to rei was as follows : ` ` the nearest thing that we could figure out was that signola absorbed just enough alcohol to deaden his reasoning centers , his connection to the overmind and the only thing remaining was , let us call it his animal self and a naked female was lying next to him and that is what animals do . ''
the only thing you could say about their clothing is that they were comfortable and typically of natural tones .
the first thing he noticed was the monitoring equipment mounted by his bedside .
one thing that they seemed to think was important was creating a brand for yourself .
that 's the cool thing about being able to upload new versions and print new versions of a book .
from a dramatic sense , the first thing rei notices about rome is that her eyes seem to glow , even in the dimmest light .
in fact , in rome 's revolution , the first thing rei noticed about rome was that her eyes glowed due to the tapetum behind her retinas .
the thing most puzzling to me is that trolls are always cowardly in the face of obvious defeat .
another thing lovas knew about the device was how to set the spring - loaded arm and now was the time for this action .
the first thing that hit me about tharnon was the smell .
the first thing i thought as i approached faowai prison was , why is it under a massive dome ?
at this moment in time , the last thing i needed was for the official proceedings to begin .
the only thing that could excuse a person from council duty was if they died , and i had no intention of dying any time soon , so as far as i was concerned , julie could shout at the back of my head all she wanted .
every thing about it .
whenever he smiled , at least the crooked half - smirk that would rarely embrace his lips , it was a beautiful thing .
her pettiness did nt change a thing about her ability to keep up with them when the time came .
the only thing that kept her walking was the rising terror that she was now locked in her hab with an armed stranger .
the only remarkable thing about the man was a small tattoo on his forehead , a small intricate symbol that held no meaning for her .
the one positive thing about the apartment was someone had taken the time to stock the freezer unit .
truthfully there was no such thing as real silence on a space vessel .
in fact , the only thing slightly amiss was the faint tang of burning plastic on the air .
the thing steve liked about clive was that he did not understand irony , and it was very easy to make fun of him .
he regretted that the last thing he ate was a bagel from the tim hortons in sudbury , a double cheeseburger combo would be heaven right now .
the worst thing about the skels at night was not that they could sneak up on you , but that they glowed a bright red .
sleep seemed to be the only thing that helped .
he was already lying on the mattress , sleep was a pretty easy thing to fall into from this position , especially after a night as rough as the one he had experienced .
the totally abandoned town was one thing that threw him off right from the start .
for the past few years his health had been the last thing on his mind .
well he drugged me , he was hesitant to add in the part about the vampire thing with the neck biting .
the most disturbing thing about the whole event was that he did nt know what had happened .
he knew he would nt hear it , the only thing he could hear was the rasp of his breathing in the mask , the ringing in his ears from the adrenaline , the rush of his body on full alert .
it was a distant hope but hope was really the only thing they had left .
they literally lived to sleep , it was the only thing that kept them going .
that was another thing the dome took away , precipitation .
they say when you lose consciousness hearing is the last thing to go he wondered if it was the same for death .
that was the best thing about drinking , the confidence boost that it gave him .
it was harder than the previous day as all the drugs from the binge had been flushed out and the only thing keeping him going was the thirty milligrams from the single pill , and that faded fast .
the one thing he was grateful for was that his addiction was not as bad as most peoples .
you stalled livingston enough for me to send an alert to a medical bot , for one thing .
dunno about you , but i would nt save anyone elses skin if the only thing i cared about was pleasing one person .
there s no such thing as impenetrable walls , or doors impossible to unlock .
if there s one thing i hope i teach you after all this , its that people are nt rational , dennis .
perhaps the only thing that had stopped him from considering this option was nt stupidity , but ego .
that realization was the only thing keeping him balanced .
the only thing keeping everyones spirits up , was knowing that may 1st 2028 , was the day they were going to attempt the impossible .
the only thing holding callum back , was knowing that drellic was surely planning to ride down to the earths surface in the escape pod with simone .
the cover of darkness is the only thing we have going for us right now , callum added .
the only thing gropovski knew for sure about their motives , was that severov had said many times that if he helped shadow reach their goal , then he would be given the means to become the sole ruler of mankind .
she trembled at the sight of him , remembering all that he had done to her , but remembered that she and marco keeping their collective composure , was the only thing that mattered .
but one thing their governments had in common was a desire to aggressively deny citizenship to people indigenous to the opposite planet .
in short , they did not always share the same values , but they did agree on one thing ; the fate of mankind .
they were a well - suited pair ; morgana had born maliks heirs and after having done so the only thing left in - common between the two was their mutual aspiration for power .
the door opened and the first thing they saw was a barrel of a weapon .
the first thing she saw was a sign saying , militant minorities unite !
its the only thing i can see , every day this time .
my marriage , for one thing .
for one thing , i ve been pumping some iron .
all of these people , the elite group of two hundred , anyway , have one thing in common , the secretary continued , a drug called emc-2 .
for one thing , he was still very hurt and pissed off that jill had dumped him over a year ago .
for one thing , in the next version of planet earth , you will have a different president in the year 2000 .
that 's a vanity thing , miranda !
one thing that had always befuddled me was the fact that while gazing out of the window of a moving plane , i could never tell that we were going several hundred miles per hour .
the only thing that i did nt know was whether i d be seeing the back side of his hand , something i had nt seen since i had moved out four years earlier .
if there was one thing in life that i loathed most venomously , it was the use of gender - based insults .
he has a goatee slash five - o - clock shadow thing going on .
well , if there s one thing i know , its that things like what happened to that woman and to you will keep happening if they do nt do anything to stop it .
the last thing we need is to get exiled and be on our own .
if there was one thing she could nt keep hidden , it was the joy she felt when she was with james .
the only thing that mattered was knowing that they were safe .
i love every last thing about you , brynna .
i closed my eyes , grasping the leg of the overturned table ; it was the only thing close that i could use to steady myself .
the last thing we need is to be tricked by the shadows again .
the thing that saved them was the fact that the trees had been cut back from the junk yard area , leaving a wide , open area and a dirt and gravel road that wound around the entire yard .
sandy was a nurse , the closest thing to a doctor the nation had , and she was busy almost every day with one thing or another .
the only thing mike did feel ill at ease with was taking annie .
the thing is , they were n't stupid .
when the people wake up , they are in this thing called an animated catatonic state .
one thing i did know , i had to be on my toes .
that s just the thing .
all of these accounts have one thing in common they re all connected somehow to a parent company called pacific capital , a bank that s been under a lot of international scrutiny lately .
the last thing in the galaxy i care about right now is whether or not that old bum gets his piece - of - shit huvr back .
you want to know the funny thing about your brother ?
well , see , that s the thing .
the resistance of manly men became a sort of background noise , one more thing adding to the tension and confusion in a world where harsh government oppression could nt keep up with all the various forms of passive - aggressive resistance from the populace .
the one thing hammered home repeatedly during his stay with the brotherhood was the fundamental necessity of having a mission .
the first thing he picked up was a self - heating mug .
the only thing unchanged was his dna .
if there was any one thing that most prepared him for the sudden changes in his life , it was this .
the thing that struck her was how impersonal it looked .
but it is not so healthy if it is the only thing you eat , said mrs . felder .
i guess it is one thing we have improved in 2066 .
the last thing she wanted was to burst into tears in front of her talkative driver .
a bad first impression is the last thing that i need .
i see many things in her emotions , but the one thing that sticks out to me is her excitement .
the only thing that is harder than that is the feeling of having no fears at all .
my sight is not the only thing that is n't working normally .
that is one thing the adrenalin does not give me : strength .
the chair that she sat in is the only thing left of her presence .
for one thing , what i understand used to be a bit of local madness in new york is spreading .
stanley started to ask if he wanted to talk to him as a long lost sibling , a brother in christ , or as a pastor overseeing his flock , but decided it probably was n't his business for one thing , and for another he was holding up the show right after being clued in on needs of the congregation .
for one thing , no one ever spaded a whole garden area in one day , under normal circumstances .
they relaxed too much , for one thing .
trust was one thing .
my life is just about over , but i refuse to die and let the bastard my daughter married get away with taking the only thing i ever loved away from me .
that blessing was the only thing that kept her in the holding .
for one thing , he had managed to acquire a reward for his efforts .
the most remarkable thing about this unknown language was the incredible , even impossible articulation and frequency requirements .
for one thing , most workers left the base even earlier than bates .
besides the tasty humans , energy was the other thing he would miss about this odd planet .
` ` pretty much the same thing that 's been bothering you for twenty years , bates .
the only thing i can figure out is that the ra have trouble differentiating between human fiction and reality .
the meadows , the animals , the stream , the forest , the path : every amazing thing was there .
for one thing , with his new celebrity status , he certainly enjoyed popularity with women that his father never dreamed of when he was in school .
the other thing i insist upon in each work is closure .
one thing tyo masilec knows , is how to work a crowd .
his strange alien eyes were the strangest thing about him .
exhaustion is one thing i find i do nt miss , yet it keeps surprising me that i can keep going on day and night without it catching up to me .
seynorynaelians , for one thing , died from radiation saturation , when even their own bodies could no longer endure and reflect the gamma rays of valeria .
for one thing , i ve noticed that you still treat alessia like she does nt belong here .
the one thing alessia knew was that lierva had also seen alessia 's defining memories in those unguarded moments .
the worst thing about this mission is the feeling that were being sent away because were in the way here , now .
for another thing , only a few had apparently become life - pairs .
kiel smiled , hoping others were monitoring the transmission and would feel secure in the aid of hinev 's explorers ; more than likely , the last thing the survivors were worrying about was the identity of their saviors .
for one thing , she understood him better than anyone else could .
he knew he should nt be drinking , but it was the only thing keeping his nerves in check .
the closest thing to rain had been the regimented showers of the gardens and arboretums ; when he was young , marankeil had found himself waiting for them , standing under the trees in the arboretums staring skyward , like a heathen waiting to embrace his religion .
the only thing i do nt like about you is when you undermine your own value by venting unnecessary fears to me .
yes , back then i cared about people , every little thing about people .
the thing is , life does nt care enough about you specifically to be fair or unfair .
his respect was the one thing she would have done anything to earn , and it became the focus of her life .
for one thing , zadmchov was always being sent away to discuss plans to quell the small civil rebellions .
her complete and utter ignorance of his adoration was the one thing that kept her cruel and indifferent behavior from doing any true damage to him ; if she ever suspected his feelings , could he still be so careless and open about showing them ?
that 's one thing this place is built on , trust .
all of these had one thing in common .
the dragon looked up at the ceiling of rock and then said without moving his lips , what is the one thing you wish you could change about yourself ?
the thing is , you are our secret weapon .
do you have that whole fire thing mastered ?
it was the strangest thing , but even their hair was not messed up by the wind , as if the wind had no affect on them .
with this offer from sameer , jarrard dropped all defenses because if there was one thing , and only one , he valued more than the scientific principles guiding his life , it was saving money .
the thing about the raven was that they were easy to fly , and easy to crash ; and when they went down , field repair was near to impossible .
the last thing shawn saw was drakes board snapping in two as his best friend was engulfed in a living mountain of whitewater .
shawn reached out and put his hands around each of friscos soft aussie ears , massaging them ( it was frisks favorite thing ) and stared out into the black ocean until sally arrived in an extended range rover .
entering the only visible doorway , the first thing craig noticed was the furniture was heavy , very heavy in fact , and purposely designed so any prisoner who did manage to get free would not be able and lift it to use it as a weapon by bringing it down onto the head of one of the guards or interrogators .
most of all , you re alive and safe and that s the only thing that counts right now .
the last thing she saw as she passed out was the gruesome face or murad with something in his hand .
the first thing to catch my attention was the walls .
the first thing he noticed were the columns of steam and smoke rising from the mining area in the back .
another thing that was needed was a strong mind in general , as the level of protection was based solely on the strength of mind the caster had when he cast it .
her deep green eyes were the last thing he saw before she disappeared .
the thing about victory drinks though , after the first one , the rest pale in comparison , leaving a hollow pang of longing .
however , all the ships here in orbit around the green planet have one thing in common he glared into the camera , his eyes turning cold .
though no blood relations , magdalah and krell were the closest thing to family he had .
as i was expelled into this world , brilliant fluorescent lights that i could feel but not see , shining their harsh brightness down on my bare skin , the first thing my newborn eardrums heard was the brittle screeching of my mother as she saw the hideousness of my reflection in the mirror between her legs .
the worst thing for most people , though , is my mouth .
at the time it happened , the only thing i knew was that it hurt like hell .
a thing passed between us in an instant ( that s the cool thing about telepathy , and the negative .
joeys aura did that flickering thing when he saw her and i wondered what was going through his head .
that tunnel vision thing slowly happened and i could feel the pulsations build in my back and shoulder .
i just had this feeling that it was what she needed , but it was more of an unconscious thing now that i look back on it .
the worst thing for me about being blind was that time just seemed to run together .
holding her hand was a thing i needed every day and she never objected , smiling that pretty smile of hers .
that was the thing with my telepathy .
the only thing that bothered me after all that had happened was the fact that i saw nothing in pauls or andys mind about the fire .
one of her favorite things was to see into peppers mind and the simple things she thought , so when she was near pepper and me together , her joy at the dogs thoughts always made me feel special .
but the thing that made me hesitate was the colors that were all around him .
the thing that was bothering me the most was his color .
maria called to us one more time , the gratitude in her mind a thing i will never forget .
i had been numb and it was the only thing that made me feel again .
inside was dark , but that was the cool thing about my vision .
as the vision grayed out to nothingness , pauls face was the last thing i saw .
a street lamp was hanging from its pole , wires the only thing keeping it from crashing to the ground .
i could sense the vibe and wondered if avrils intuition thing had rubbed off on me a bit .
he froze , unsure what was happening and unable to fathom that his love would even possess such a thing .
the only thing i could feel was her sorrow and disappointment with me and the regret she had for what she was about to do .
my life a distant memory in the past and nothing from that time existed any longer except one thing .
she held me as i wept in her arms , my life something i could no longer recognize , and i held on to the only thing left of its past .
all because of one simple thing , i m human .
jasmine was a beautiful little thing , but morris knew that would not last .
the last thing jennel heard were the gunshots before slipping to her knees and falling face first into the lush , green grass .
- i think a lot of teenage girls dream about me as about every or almost every star , but you could be with me on that way too that almost my look is the only thing what you know about me and you re not my fan .
that thing that he already knew where her daughter lived , gave him appetite for evening .
it was the only thing that mattered .
the sound of the stew bubbling was the only thing that filled the silence for the next few moments as they took in what mother was saying , and mother tried to calm herself down .
the last thing mother looked like she needed was janice 's yammering .
` ` the very last thing we need is a poked out eye ! ''
the one thing he truly mastered in life was pushing it too far .
for one thing , she was far younger , and he wondered why people listened to her at all .
` ` the number one most important thing in life is knowing your own limits .
if there was one thing wolf could be absolutely certain of in life , it was that no one could plan for crazy .
the one thing he had in life was the clean outs .
she knew what steve needed , and it was the same thing she did .
the one thing he never had to wonder about was whether ai would actively support his work .
he had gained the colonels permission to engage in some number of military sporting events , the one thing that had led him to serving in uniform in the first place .
the one thing tim and dax both shared was the precise measure of charisma and cynicism that made them more than ready for it .
one thing zac had learned as a warrior was to listen to any of his brother 's suspicions .
they were just ice sculptures that would melt away if you refused to look at them , and the last thing apollo wanted was to look at pictures of mother and zac .
` ` apollo , if it 's any consolation , there 's one thing i ' ve observed about this damn minefield . ''
` ` boomer , one thing this place is n't , is crooked . ''
sleep is the last thing i need .
you will come to know me during your stay here , and you will discover over that time that if there is one thing i hate , it is weakness .
whatever the case , the only good thing about ever having suffered from debilitating , useless anxiety was knowing how to remedy it in another .
he said that none of that mattered , and that the only thing that did matter was that i could not stay away from adam .
the only thing in tact was the black - shingled roof , but the windows were broken , their shutters hanging off or fallen down completely .
the most interesting thing is that the strangest name of any of my siblings was definitely lucien .
the one thing he did not notice , but he should have , was that his sister , normally so outspoken , so energetic and unyielding in her views , so brilliant , was becoming quiet , reserved , distant .
she was afraid to die without putting things right , and i know that it was the only thing she wanted in the entire world .
a few more minutes , and i would be able to not just wrestle the control away from her , but seize it violently one thing i can not do is manufacture emotions .
the saddest thing about all of you is that you know that , and still you insist on having nothing but hate in your hearts for anyone not like you .
the good thing about being at the bottom is that you can not sink any lower and you have nowhere to go , but up .
wait , you re forgetting one thing says tina .
part two a secret destiny chapter 50 nighttime has a funny thing to it , thought mercedes gonzalez , a lonely individual adrift in the world .
they feel it is their sworn legacy and destiny a birthright , the very thing they were meant to keep and protect .
in the end the most disappointing thing about time is that there is never enough of it .
the first thing i noticed was their heavy - jawed muzzles their faces looked more like hyenas than rats with a row of razor - sharp teeth designed to rend and tear .
that 's the thing with these senior management types .
the first thing she noticed was that all of his transactions were from 15 years ago .
you re too old for me , for one thing .
the first thing that came to mind as he roused was how good a cold beer would taste to chase away the dry mouth that the night had left him .
~~~~ the first thing i saw when i materialized on the rooftop was max .
the sonic barrier is designed to keep the sounds and high - speed winds of tiara from penetrating , but the only thing keeping you from a nine hundred foot drop is the barrier .
that was the last thing a hospital needed , especially one like brantic trauma .
we both started retching and gagging , and the only thing that kept us rooted to our spot was the sight of a determined raptor slashing the air with its colossal wings , eager to advance , but unable to endure the reek .
the only thing she left behind was a name carved into the bark of her tree .
and the only thing that had kept me from alerting victor was the vow nadalie made us take .
the beauty , the magic , the absolute wonder of those ten minutes had given me the one thing i had lost .
the creatures eyes were a stunning green , its face soft and gentle , the closest thing to a human yet in fact , a child okay , a hairy child .
plus , the dark points for murder but that s just the thing , cut in shawz , finding his voice in a last - ditch showdown .
the colour of his excessively bulging eyes , however , was the most noteworthy thing about him .
chapter 9 the suns were hot as julieth flew above the company , but the thing she had learned most about the essences that forged with her body , was that they liked the heat , in fact thrived on it , and the hotter it was the more energy she had to fly .
if there 's one thing emma learned , it was to hang around smart people .
but the lights were nt the only thing out .
the path ahead was the only thing slightly moving .
time , in factif you think closely enough about itis the only thing we really possess .
this is the last thing the babies see , or feel , before being dispatched back into non - existence .
we lapsed into silence while we finished our meal , another good thing between us , we did n't always have to talk .
i will be having more recommendations on the sales and marketing side , for one thing . ''
` ` well , at least that is one thing you recognize about yourselves . ''
and embarrassment might not be the only thing i would have to deal with .
and that is not the only thing i like about france .
we had both grown up in poor families , but making it into the greenguard was the next best thing to being a gardener .
he had been a blackthumb for just a few years , and the only thing he had going for him was a greenguard mother and a father who was a gardener .
if the dust was good for one thing , it was leaving tracks .
she was young , for one thing , not more than twenty .
it was the closest thing to drowning he d experienced , and he did nt want to come any closer .
the first thing to know about the simulation : nothing is real .
the only thing which keeps me going is knowing that the ones responsible will someday meet their end .
the last thing we need is to be surprised by them firing on us .
the last thing i needed right now was to be around people , and that unfortunately included fran .
politics is the worst of all cutthroat businesses left in this world , but that s the thing with cat and mouse games , said the ex - director .
the vault was very much what you would have expected , considering that the owner designed it with the frame of mind that money was no object and that total security was the only thing that mattered .
the only thing i knew for sure to be real was the darkness .
it was an orgasmic high to feel it because it was the only thing that there was to feel .
for one thing , you were never let out of your cell unless you were free to gothat is , either through clemency or torturous execution ; i never once saw or heard of an inmate being removed for a court appearance .
chapter 24 if there 's one thing about human nature to which i can wholeheartedly attest , it is this : humans are clever .
the amount of people aware of my existence was becoming dubious , the expenses of the entire project were building up , and the only thing that remained constant was me .
i did n't know what i was expectingmaybe some kind of luxurious furniture ingeniously invented out of garbagebut all i saw was the same thing in every cell : grey - brown bedsheets , the dilapidated brick walls , and the waste buckets from which i had regularly borrowed .
at the end of this proof , they , as per the usual , produced the proof signaturea few symbols indicating which axioms were necessary to make way for the proof ( this civilization recorded such a thing because any proof that borrowed less axioms was superior to another proof of the same statement that might have required more axioms , regardless of the respective complexities or methods of the proofs ) .
the only curious thing was that , by standing on the smaller of the two planets , you could observe a stellar eclipse similar to that which can be observable on earth ( although it was different here because there was no atmosphere for your eye to look through ) .
one thing , however , that would never become the name of a planet was its discovererbe that the first to observe it or the first to stand upon itsince humanity by this time had very much outgrown its own vanity , and every last human knew full well that his lifetime of achievements would more appropriately be credited to the previous generations who labored to make everything possible .
the only thing that remains of earth is its imaginary clock , still ticking .
walt asked her , with a slight panic making him raise his voice and realizing immediately after that he should n't , because the last thing he wanted was to attract attention to that dark corner of the plaza .
topher soldiered on , saying , ` ` the only thing chillier than a cat on an ice planet must be a chihuahua without a sweater .
he had nt noticed earlier when he had gone into her room , but now her unruly hair was not the only thing out of place .
the last thing she saw was the everlasting darkness .
the only thing i know is that right now , you re not safe .
they can get dusty , and the last thing you want is a lungful of dust on your first breath down there .
the only thing the wind breaker had on it was size , as the craft was barely a third as large and manned by only three people .
that , at least , was the nice thing about guard duty .
the nice thing about these ships is they tend to crash pretty slow .
the only thing that made sense was that we were made the way we were .
the first thing i tried to measure was the exact quantity her granules were larger than mine .
one thing i did know was that all of those physic granules were exacting a metabolic toll on her body .
there is no such a thing as having too many assets at your disposal when you are facing an insidious , unknown organization that is doing very sophisticated human experimentation .
the thing was that the horses did n't hit him .
abby being somber is a very strange thing .
the first thing i saw was a row of guns - a mix of metal and wood - ready to kill .
the most important thing is that you have a safe place to stay .
one thing we knew was that the virus would kill within twenty - four hours , and hattie was in her last hour .
` ` you must be joking with us now , '' said the shell witch , ` ` because if there 's one thing the unfettered poets have made a principle of , it is their freedom . ''
the first thing politicians learn is to lie , the second is how to spin and the third is how to bend without breaking the rules .
the last thing he saw was jack regaining his feet with a stricken look of panic on his face , as a strange shadow seemed to detach itself from the wall and slink across the street .
all of the things he did was to try and keep her happy , but she 'd forgotten how to be happy and the only thing she 'd found comfort in for days was the money she 'd received for the work her father had done to get her a secret for the market .
yin concluded , ` ` love has so many forms , it is hard to tell you all of them , but one thing i do know is this ; love is acceptance in its purest form .
she said , ` ` the first thing i ' ve run into is this giant machine we 're in right now . ''
they used spells with their wands to put it out with water , and the last thing thetra saw before passing out was arek covered in muck , looking down on him .
thetras stomach was growling loudly , for the last thing he had eaten were some berries at the island where they battled the aliens .
that s one thing about lilly that we did nt remember to do when she was nt with us .
i guess i m learning that the cool thing about a kid like lilly is that she can drive you bonkers , but even as you think back about it , you giggle .
see , one thing that will never sit right with me is that jc actually seemed to try .
the only thing that kept me from telling her to shut the fuck up was when she said , if that boy is out there unarmed and alone just lost his father possibly the only person he had he s not just going to die .
the only thing missing was cigar smoke .
the only thing at all weird about the guy was that he was bigi mean pro - baller bigand walking a tiny little dog .
the only thing i could remember eating the whole day was a bagel before class .
the only thing that prevented me from killing him was the fact that jorge kept whispering for me to be quiet .
were just going to have to take this one thing at a time .
lets just take it one thing at a time , shall we ?
mitch , another thing i was thinking , how do we know that h.r .
shorter , wider wheels for one thing , and it contained a small engine that would power it , similar to a motorcycle .
the first thing he was aware of was that he was sitting on his haunches .
the only thing left was a marshy area and part of miami and key west .
for one thing , how are you going to get back ?
the only thing that s different is here , down here , no earthquake , no ash cloud , just sands and sands and rocks .
` ` but having a name is a wonderful thing . ''
i ve learned cherish my name because one day that may be the only thing left of me . ''
the only thing protecting you or me from dying or being thrown through the planets core is the shielding being kept in place around the gravity particles . ''
the first thing she noticed was the clothes he was wearing , the old spacesuit he 'd landed in before they 'd first met .
even when she was hit , the only thing that passed over her was a look of shot as she crumpled to the ground .
honestly , in my opinion , the only thing you need is a rude awakening .
i ' m pretty sure the last thing they want is to deal with your pretty boy buddy .
our last head of security had this thing about warning everyone about what was going on .
kaia sighed with relief , her whole body relaxing as she began to imagine the deep comfort of her mattress , her head sinking into the soft pillows , cool sheets wrapping around her legs one more thing , john interrupted her train of thought .
` ` this is the last thing you need tonight .
while both she and jeremy had one thing in common , growing up in single parent homes , the circumstances were so much different .
the only thing we have in common is ice and the fact we will be inseparable for the next three months . ''
` ` the last thing you need is to burn your eye on a hot piece of ejected brass and the noise can be deafening . ''
the last thing he needed was to be shot .
a really cool thing about camilleri himself , he s a pretty nice guy for a brain hacker .
he had this thing about the outside world .
clatterford has no warm heart for religions which is another thing that outcasts him .
clatterford does have one thing he looks forward to when visiting the rosary , outside of the coins he collects for work , and that s a taste for rosarian peasant food .
the thing about soul mates is their paths continue to cross , no matter the circumstances .
in doing so , sarah took the one thing adam had continued to live for .
having the fastest revolver hand does n't mean a damn thing when you 're scared of getting your hands dirty .
when she spun around and smiled at elise , the only thing missing was pom - poms .
the hardest thing about the whole maneuver was standing up now that my jacket and jeans and shoes were completely saturated .
i knew i could never tell her , but these whispered conversations we shared when the others had dozed off were just about the only thing keeping me sane .
everything and everyone around me was as blurry as a bad selfie , but there was no missing that we were entering a homeor the closest thing to one any of us had seen in weeks .
` ` he was the closest thing i had to a friend until now . ''
one thing to remember is to always let the energy you take in leave your body .
it surely would n't be the strangest thing about him if he had n't .
the one thing that stuck out the most was that he was not only respecting my opinion but talking to me like an equal .
for all she knew the only thing they had in common was being alive .
` ` we still could figure out the shape , one thing we know is that it 's not round , '' sister roberta teased .
the only thing khale found offensive about them was the rank smell that hung in the air after they had been reduced to so much pulp and slurry .
i d never paid attention to an all business radio station before , but today it was the only thing i wanted to listen to .
that s the thing about my leaps , though .
of course , it was a bald - faced lie , but jill had no way of knowing that the only thing nikki had put into the drink was a little extra sugar .
still , as long as jill believed it , the lie would work almost as powerfully as a drug , thanks to a funny little thing called the placebo effect .
if there s one thing in my life i ve learned , its that robots are completely predictable .
the second thing is that rusty can broadcast wireless electricity .
the thing about broadcasting electricity is that the electromagnetic pulse , the emp , is the same thing that causes blackouts within a hundred miles of a nuclear bomb explosion .
sixteen years later .. chapter i : the only thing certain it was a chilly morning in chicago .
if there was one thing he knew he needed , it was a place to wait out the rest of his existence in .
when we did the tour of the main floor , one thing i noticed was the breadth of the house .
well , you asked me if charles behaviour seemed odd i ve known the man for thirty years and the oddest thing about him was winning the lottery .
the strange thing about it though , was the narrative was written in the third person , almost as if it were written by the hand of god or some all - seeing observer .
the next thing ben saw was the massive garage door swing open and bob wibley standing in the entrance with an angry look on his face , almost as if he were about to explode .
the odd thing about being in the basement was that it reminded him of being in his own house , but in an alternate world .
but you ve always had this thing with you .
the only thing left was the anxiety of whatever was there .
the first thing i remember is being somewhere dark .
it was all basically the same thing ; first destiny , the sacred way or the rebirth initiative .
` ` material resources , for one thing .
one thing i discerned here was that once something like this crash landed , it was a windfall to the denizens of the city , no matter the danger or how trashed something looked .
selfishness is not a bad thing , its just got a negative connotation .
the only thing making us different was that we were nt armed .
his smile was the only thing about him that seemed welcoming the rest was precise and methodical .
his smile was the best thing about him .
the funny thing was , he was an avoidable .
this is how it should be , but there is one thing missing .
the fact that nobody else seemed to be sympathizing with her incredibly increased workload had not done a thing to improve emma 's mood .
the last thing skadi heard before the chilling darkness took her , was the defiant braying of her traveling companion as the horse reared up over her protectively .
the first thing he looked at was a map of astar .
chapter 14 if there was one thing aerlid asked most about it was cave mould .
it was exactly the same as every other dorm , except for one thing .
the only other thing besides grass and water was aerlid .
there was only one thing these creatures respected , and she needed respect or fear or something from them before she could change them .
the only thing in common between all the things , was that most of them had a small light in front of them , like a firefly .
it was a rare thing to see on him .
suddenly , many things about him snapped into place .
but one thing she did do - she got hot and horny on command .
it was the last thing she heard .
out of this house , for one thing .
blues face might be the last thing she would ever see .
to finalize what i was saying is one thing .
you ve got a hair thing , you like to pluck .
you want in , first thing i d change is your tone .
it was nt necessary , but he pulled the urcs because it was the only thing about this hunt that conformed to his idea of the sport .
if there 's one thing he knew for sure it was his height and weight , as it was documented frequently by the reassignment teams along with a full body work up and strength and conditioning tests .
one thing he noticed almost immediately was the type of lamp posts that lined the street .
the only thing he could focus on was the object leaning against his back .
` ` honestly caleb , it would be hard for you to understand since the only thing you ' ve ever known is how it is now .
the only thing i can remember about him was how kind he was .
he did n't care if he had to die for either of them , the only thing he knew for sure was that they had to live .
the first thing he noticed was the sharp pain radiating from the back of his head .
despite the several dozen people standing behind her that had been set free from sector 27 , the only thing she could focus on was the towering pillar of smoke in the distance ahead of her .
one nice thing about it is the safety feature of a door which wo nt open without a staircase present .
that s another thing i like about cap .
the bad thing about sandwiches is we do nt have any decent bread .
last thing i need is a lieutenant burning off a captains limb or something .
stepping inside the storage bay for the first time in days , the first thing i notice is the empty space where i know there used to be spellshooter crates .
the important thing to remember with lurchers is they are supremely stupid and easily distracted .
the bridge was the last thing to go under , amidst a blanket of bubbles and gurgles .
* * * the first thing lanis noticed as she awoke was the painful high - pitched ringing .
the only thing was the slightly red tinting .
the one thing that was obvious was the container that held the edu was dark and looked like decaying seaweed .
` ` like the teeth thing , unfortunate .
` ` funny thing was , when they could n't keep up with demand , they looked up how to build themselves and made more , creating the melee you see before us .
the thing is , zombies are indeed controlled by a single individual .
once again , its a magic thing we do nt fully understand , though there are some rather amusing stories that supposedly explain it .
the only thing that felt okay was being with gaultier .
` ` first thing i checked . ''
` ` the only thing i know for sure is they 're here .
` ` the most important thing is to be prepared for any eventuality .
` ` oh , here 's another one from a different user talking about the same thing .
the amazing thing about the sphere is there are no signs which indicate to me a method of propulsion .
maybe i ' m sensing both because they 're the same thing . ''
the thing you should always remember is you are n't only reporting events , you 're making history . ''
nisha continued to fly towards oma and noticed the same thing .
the one thing that bothered him the most was being able to hear everyone , and have everyone hear him .
one thing they knew for sure was ; they had very little to go on .
he 'd used up the one thing he knew , the red - head comment , but his job probably required that he be friendly .
among other things , i learned the proper process for harvesting apples and cherries .
one thing that helped was the informal dress code everyone had adopted .
the only thing missing was the sound of insects , but the warmth pouring from the fake sky was the same , never mind that it was precisely programmed for maximum benefit to crops and people .
the only thing that moved were his eyes , still filled with bloodlust , but now tinged with confusion .
however , it seemed like there was one thing missing .
in the final moments before sleep overtook him , the last thing he remembered was the sensation of falling .
the only thing that gave him away was his eyes , white and luminescent , as if they were powered by the sun itself .
a roar , a human one , was the only thing he heard before argus came crashing forward and rammed the animal with his shoulder .
the last thing she remembered was her shuttle being guided into a sanctum imperial ship .
the first thing she noticed as she stepped outside was the smell .
their heights varied , but the one thing they had in common was that they were fast , and when they were fast , they were silent .
the emperor 's eyes were the only thing that betrayed his age ; they were dark pools that reflected at least a century 's worth of knowledge and experience .
the last thing alan saw was her smile .
the last thing i sense before blacking out is the sight of my friends glowing with a pale blue light , and the sound of francesca screaming .
chapter 6 one nice thing about being a time traveler is that no matter how long your movie date takes getting ready , you can still make it to the theater on time .
you see , one thing that many people fail to realize when talking about time travel theory , is that one can not effectively travel through time without also traveling through space .
if there is one thing i can promise you about time travel theory , it is that it is a complex science and there are plenty of things that i do nt understand either .
the key thing in jumping is to know exactly where you re going to wind up .
one thing i was wondering was why you never went big with this technology .
the most unique thing about it is that there are two lines of faded red paint running from front to back on the shell .
the only thing i m interested in changing about the past is the fact that were stuck in it .
i ve been through a lot the last couple of weeks , and the thing it taught me , is that i do nt want to spend a single minute more of my life without you .
only thing is , when something gets changed in the universe on a scale that is no longer capable of being contained by a simple paradox , the frequency can change .
but one thing he did have control of was his dress code , both his shirt and pants were spotless with not a stain to be seen .
it was strange , the closest thing i could compare his contrasting characters to was a schizophrenic teddy bear , in the bunker so loving and calm , as he played with zara tossing her up into the air and catching her ever so gently .
the only thing left from their humanity was their outer appearance .
i stood in awe of the bounty we had stumbled upon and even though the air was thick from the smell of rotting food and decaying corpse , it still felt like the closest thing to paradise i had felt in a while .
first thing i d be doing once we got back to the bunker was taking a long , and i mean long shower !
but for now i was still me , i was still sensitive to the entire situation of what people had become , and one thing i knew is every time i would look into zara or shahkierah eyes i would see that little girls face , she would not just disappear from my memories , but i hoped in this new twisted world , something else would redirect my attention and help me forget about the entire incident .
like he always did he wasted no time addressing the issue , that s one thing i admired about the old man , he was not one to beat around the bush , and he spoke his mind regardless of how bluntly his message came across .
look boy i do nt exactly have all the answers but i am doing my best here to make sure you and the rest of my family are as safe as possible in this complicated time.i had struck a nerve in the old man the one thing smith hated was when someone judged his loyalty to those held dear to his heart .
embarrassed i slowly got up and recomposed myself , thankfully the only thing hurt was my pride .
you have an obligation to protect those little girls over me sharif ; they need you more than i do , they are your family and like you have said a hundred times over , family is the most important thing !
the only thing that kept me from breaking down was that i knew they were at least safe in south africa .
the first thing which caught my eye was the old , ragged mattress in the centre .
i could sit here and tell you it will all be better but that would be a lie , i could tell you exactly what you are and what you going through but that would be an even bigger lie.the truth is mr cairo , i have just scratched the surface of what we are , and the reality is we are monsters , but we are not only monsters we are also human , and one thing about human beings mr cairo is our tenacity to never give up.i know what you are going through is pain staking and excruciating , trust me i ve been there , but it is up to you mr cairo , to give in and embrace what you have become and push your abilities as far as they can go , not only for yourself but for science !
can you imagine how hard it is mr goodridge , watching a girl who has sat diligently in your class for the last past three years , idolising your teaching , wanting to be just like you , regarding you as her mentor , be flattened by a rock , and the last thing you see is her skull pop like a grape !
we laughed at the little girls attempts ; one thing her and her sister were good at was brining joy to the group , even in the most troubling of times .
i ca nt really do that thing with my t - powers .
ill never get this , being a lady , a princess , a queen or an empress thing down pat .
the thing is , i love to shoot .
what if the next thing they want is a woman ?
but that was not the only thing .
patty : she s got this distance thing with me .
all well and good , but the thing is that some editors , friends , people in your circle really do know better than you do .
the thing that had made it difficult to get through was the pressure and anxiety he always felt when he was on the trail of a promising story .
the one thing she was able to recognise was their weapons rifles - those fearsome arms that fired metal slugs from a long distance .
the last thing he saw was starlight catching the point of her spear as it pierced his throat and exited through the back of his skull .
the last thing i wanted was a rank confusing the situation .
i plan to be that one thing today .
dwelling on its awfulness wo nt change a single thing ; it will only make my mood darker and my heart heavier .
being a carrier was one thing but being altered , changed to statess design that s something else .
they re more experienced with things such as this and , for one thing , they ll be trained in any number of defensive moves .
it does this awful thing to my insides , makes it feel like my bones are turning to gloopy tar .
what was the date thing about ?
plymouth is the closest thing to a normal towna city before the flareson this whole island .
the only thing that exists to me now is protecting my family .
being in a battle is one thing , having to react to the enemy coming at youbut knowing its coming , with breaking down not an option ?
last thing i want is to pilot a desk like you .
last thing i want is a religious war .
the last thing she really needed was another relationship .
the last thing he wanted was her anger .
she faced straight ahead not showing any interest in her surroundings , the very thing he understood her to like the most .
chapter eighteen kion awoke to an aching body and a universe that seemed normal in every way , except , the first thing he noticed was the quiet .
the only thing she would have left from her previous life was her work .
a simple question was the only thing he was able to summon .
her eyes milky and far off , the only thing of significant color was the military uniform she wore .
if there is one thing i succeed at today , it will be saving these damn people so they can just go on and not ever have to know how narrowly they avoided obliteration .
the only thing i know is my master and you .
and if there was one thing she had learned from her long hours of studying and preparing for tests , waiting for the result was at once the hardest and the easiest part .
the only remarkable thing about this particular alglone was that it appeared to be injured .
the first thing he noticed was the overwhelming presence of night .
the second thing his senses picked up on was the noise , or rather the lack thereof .
funny thing about how this writing thing works .
it did nt do the flashy - lighty thing .
the only thing that really made it different from any other room was that it had not been updated with any modern amenities to complement the progression of technology .
the one thing the items all had in common with each other was that they all featured somewhere on their design the symbol that had both been the seal on the chest and the symbol represented by the amulet , repeatedly referred to in the many documents as the key .
hell , the only thing stopping all of us from being related is biology .
one thing i learned from pack marching was never to carry any more weight than you need to .
the last thing i d need right now is a girlfriend anyway , said adam .
i think that s the one thing you do need .
one thing that he had picked up from the notes sent to him was that in the mediterranean sites was that every confirmed shrine featured the strange glyphic text on the walls .
one thing about the direct communication was that there was a bit of feedback on our end , we could easily pick up on emotional states in jeremiah , could sense when he was uneasy or in this case depressed .
that poison was the last thing i had , the last new thing .
i realized that i was still standing in the kitchen , one thing about the stims was that you could get lost in your thoughts easily .
we trusted the army , the one thing that calmed me was the nice uniforms of the men i was leaving with .
emile never spoke much so it was easy to just jump to places where he speaks the good thing about the recording was its search ability .
the only thing that stopped us was running out of things to kill .
he was going through extreme post - traumatic stress and the only thing that kept him going was doing everything he could to help us .
forgetfulness , one thing that happens when you get over 150 , unquill said .
one thing i find fascinating is the history of the portals .
another special thing about it , was that it was green rather than the traditional solaran white .
getting all their different paces in synchronous was the most difficult thing .
he could nt work it out , and that was the most worrying thing .
the annoying thing about emergency equipment was that the batteries always seemed to be nearly flat particularly where torches were concerned .
for one thing , sooner or later , my squad will need to sleep .
yeah , ogher did the bulgy eye thing , well , it might be threatened again in a moment ...
he shook himself , there was yet one good thing in all this to hold on to .
to natalie , the thing that makes her different is that she s a clone .
the funny thing is , i feel like i played for every team but kansas city .
the best thing about sitting on the train was that they could choose a table on the top deck where the seats faced each other with a table in between them .
do you promise not to do your rolling - eyes thing and get upset ?
for one thing , i bit the big one in math .
as she ran her eyes over her daughters belly she saw just a general roundness , the same type of thing she might see if natalie had gone to an all - you - can - eat buffet .
the last thing natalie needed now was an angry confrontation with her mother .
my entire body feels numb , and the only thing i can feel is a hard surface underneath my head .
the only thing different about his outfit is that he wears dark blue jeans , which stands out from all the white colors around the whole room .
the last thing i see him do before the lady pushes me into the room is rummage through the desk drawers .
but all the people who you invited for dinner have the same thing i do .
the glass walls are the only thing keeping me from making contact with the outside air .
but there s no such thing as earning your drivers license and following road rules .
the last thing he wanted to see was his own body after being shot and sent into the void .
he was having a hard enough time sustaining his own confidence , the last thing he needed was to shatter hers .
the only thing that gave him comfort was the weapon sitting peacefully in his pocket .
the only thing stopping him from throwing his hat into the proverbial ring was palpatine himself .
but one thing was lacking .
the laughs grew into shrieks , but it was nt the only thing that grew .
food was the last thing on padmes mind .
nearly a thousand people were killed and the last thing that each person , including the jedi , experienced was sheer horror .
getting past humanoid guards was one thing , getting past security lockouts was something else .
as soon as he stepped inside the hotel lobby philip remembered his mother and the promised call first thing on arriving .
the thing had a typewriter attached , but the almost magical thing about this contraption was that it did nt need to be attached to the telegraph line at all .
the first thing i saw on going in was a man with the hunted expression of a wild beast , and hair sprouting from his face and an ape - like knitted brow , being led into a room by three attendants .
the one thing i needed most of all - to know what was going on .
the only thing floral about it is that the model has a daisy chain hovering over her head like a halo .
the last thing i feel is the cold sensation of enzo brushing past my hand .
among other things , whispered ash and holiday was nt sure exactly what shed meant .
foton nodded ; the one thing that they shared .
the first thing he saw was an orban at a computer , and he thought he recognised it .
and the whole being dead thing .
one last thing about them .
the lot next to their not - so - new new house was the first thing you noticed .
i ve got this thing about roaches , i said , buttoning my shirt .
the last thing we heard before it suddenly faded was red barbers soft gentlemanlike southern voice covering a lost game between the pittsburgh pirates and the brooklyn dodgers .
another thing about the job that i did nt appreciate was the crazy payment ceremony .
they shave their heads and have this thing about women , what do you call it ?
another troubling thing about the machines performance was what harvey called random spatial selectivity .
the only thing missing was a mark .
the funny thing was , his hand never left the immediate vicinity of his holster .
that is the thing that always confuses me . ''
the first thing he saw was a human .
another thing he did n't want to admit .
only one thing seemed to have changed on the panel .
one thing that richard found amusing , was that each time he stirred , dakota would open his big brown eyes , and stare at him until he went back to sleep .
through all of their harsh experiences together , even their differences , eli and hughes had one very important thing to show for it .
it 's the same thing that made the alphas so damn deadly .
the last thing we want is to be surrounded !
when i m conscious again , lectric is the first thing on my mind .
the strange thing about the z - line is that idle undead always seem to return to it .
it gives her more opportunity to defend sampson , for one thing , and any deception is probably worth cultivating , even without an exact plan .
that s one thing i ve come to value about her : she often knows what i want before i do , and shell take my hand and lead me toward it even while i doubt her .
at that moment the last thing he cared about or wanted to be was a goth .
she s not even sure if love is a real thing , or how its possible she could feel this way quite suddenly he turns back towards becca , heading towards his sheets , and she jumps , afraid he d seen her staring .
the only thing she felt towards him was pure shock and sadness when quill sent him to the dark clan .
the last thing she sees before she goes to sleep is the sunrise .
the thing that scares him is that there may be more people waiting for him to make the wrong move .
there s one thing that confuses me about you , though , malachi digressed .
the first thing he supposed is that this was yet another dream .
is she or is she not the only thing that matters to you ?
the second thing he noticed was that a long period between the next entry and the last went unrecorded : russian winter day 76 it has been two weeks since the uprising .
his faith in you keeps him alive , but your faith that is the only thing that will bring him back .
it is , fundamentally , the only thing that matters .
you are at the edge of the abyss , where living or dying makes no difference , where the only thing keeping you alive is the resilience which defines you as a martial of your caste .
it is the thing that turned you against us : the fact that we know the answer to your darkest question .
living a lie was the only thing that allowed you to assume some semblance of sanity .
if there were one just one axiom that could be appealed to against the perversion of martial order , it she had to be the only thing left .
the one thing that every prospect learned about the agency was that they found you for the job .
the only thing that allowed me to stand at that moment was my determination to save kara from what would be the end of the world as we knew it .
` ` the other thing that i love about the insurance business is how it can be used as a metaphor for any given situation .
it looks nice , maisie said , but it does the same thing as cheaper cars , does nt it ?
if there was one thing i wish i could go back and do again , he said , it would be to be a better husband to your mum and a better father to you and your sister .
it 's the only thing keeping us sane over the centuries as we patiently wait the savior 's second coming ; when we can finally finish the job our ancestors started so long ago . ''
` ` well , for one thing , a new intern of minewho happens to hail from the regionhas created a phenotype of this particular species that is capable of growing in ninety percent of the world . ''
the only thing he remembered about her was her dress , her pale blonde hair , and the scent of maroa wine .
one to conceive the right ideas and possess necessary power to implant them was one thing , but for him to make them come true was another .
the only thing that bothers me about him is his origin , which does nt affect his performance as a councilman he inhaled and exhaled deeply .
that s the first thing i m trying to figure out .
the nice thing about the almost rock star status that david and his team enjoyed was that everybody wanted to be on their team , so when a request for volunteers with high level clearance went out they could choose from the best of the best .
the great thing about the torpedoes was they turned the oxygen inside the ships into a five thousand degree firestorm and then followed it with a huge concussive force , so anyone onboard the ships would be blown into little fried chunks that would freeze in the vacuum of space so they could not be read .
the positive thing about driving through all those neighborhoods was that the infected wiped it all out long before traffic jams became a problem .
the important thing they lacked that cost them the most dearly was not having a realistic understanding of critias weapons .
its a gastrointestinal thing i would nt normally smell unless i was actually tearing out a liver at the time .
decapitated for one thing , she chuckled somewhat amused .
she s got no training for one thing , making her a possible burden .
the vibrations from his words were the only thing the patch on his neck caught , thankfully , because the attempted murder happening all around was at least a little bit noisy .
his legs were okay after the insane sprint , but that was thanks to conditioning , which did nt do a thing for his bashed up , aching shoulder or the numerous sore spots on his upper body .
sheer will was the only thing that kept him conscious , something telling him that if he blacked out he would nt wake up .
ca nt feel a thing right now and i m having a little trouble not slurring my words , so i must be full of painkillers .
i m not surprised by that at all , said dastou , referencing the window color , the only thing different than when they left .
hayss head flew back and was the first thing to hit the ground , impacting with such speed and a flat smack against a small stone that if the arrow did nt kill him , that trauma to his skull would .
the first radio , in the cabin , was non - functional it was the only thing wrong with this vessel so the saint had no place to complain .
he was no longer anywhere , and the only thing in his eyes was citizen vaisss smugly emotionless face , and the only thing in his mind was saint paige ki .
the first thing renaldo noticed about this apartment was its broken window that faced out onto the city square .
the thing is , we only have a three bedroom apartment so the olympian will most likely take pull - out bed in your room .
he associated not being able to read with being blind because , when he was originally diagnosed , being blind was the only thing koris could compare it to as the boy had no knowledge of learning disabilities or what they meant .
the only weird thing was supporting the marley skyway , a skyway associated with the poorer section of uptown with people , who would probably not put their money into servants .
an important thing about being recognised as a human was the right to make your own decisions .
koris sighed as his makeup artist applied powder to his face the last thing he wanted was to have an oily face on camera .
the first thing princeton noticed when he reached the east entrance was that the giant portrait of lysander and preston was no longer hanging up .
that was the thing about cloaking .
his mind was the last thing he had any control over .
that s the thing about olympians , the shorter cop said , they ca nt lie .
for one thing , the ` ` joke '' is just as tired as old lady weatherly 's support hose .
palmer 's intro the first thing that strikes me as i open the door is the stench .
anchor in other news ... prescott checks out if there is one thing xander morales is , it 's predictable .
the first thing i noticed was the absence of the incessant whine of the ceiling fan .
he walks out onto the front stoop , my outstretched palm the only thing saving the screen door from slamming after him .
but the only thing making it pseudo - science rather than actual science is there 's no real evidence to support it .
i mean , think about it : an altered frequency is n't the only thing all relens have in common . ''
` ` the last thing i need right now is an i - told - you - so . ''
one thing that 's nice about glass is the way it fractures , if it 's not tempered , that is .
the only thing that worries me is the fact that no one else in our family has ever made it past the selection phases .
one thing i do know is that only blood relations can read each others thoughts .
the pain in my arm is the only thing that reminds me that i m still alive .
' if there 's one thing a vampyre 's fond of , it 's being all cosy - like underground . '
the most intolerable thing to elijah was that aliyah was still there , back in crawfordton .
the only thing keeping them tied together is his promise to loot your treasury and the thought of seeing your blood on the sand again . ''
for one thing , the somber banners of trojan victories past had been replaced .
the only thing that came to mind was the sheer quantity of wine we imbibed .
my breathing intensified , echoing in the bronze helm until it was the only thing i could hear .
the last thing they need is our luck as well .
about the only thing in any sort of order was my weapons rack .
the strangest thing about the hole itself was how much it resembled the one beneath the palladium 's pedestal , as if both were carved from the same hands .
when i awoke his ugly visage was the first thing i saw .
the last thing we need is her gloomy self being broody and asking if we have indian pale wine or have heard of some unknown new poet .
because the best thing about being human is never having to literally stretch yourself toward an ideal that says only the newest and shiniest tech is employable , only the latest and greatest is worth noticing .
if there s one thing a techsoul knows , its how to exploit the tender spots on another techsoul .
language is how we organise society , drive our galactic economy and its the thing that defines us as a species .
in the constant bombardment of information that was his world , this was the closest thing he knew he would ever find to peace - this small moment of quiet .
the weird thing was , all of those monsters ran right into their own deaths like you or i would run trying to catch a plane .
panic was the only thing that provided him with enough energy to try one last time .
chapter nine the last thing jayden recalled was being struck in the head and aiden yelling something to him before he lost consciousness .
it was the last thing she would ever see as flames enveloped her and continued racing down the tunnel toward the wall of solace .
the odd thing about oisin was that he did not have any parents , or relatives to speak of .
yet , we always had one thing in common .
it would be the last thing she remembered before slipping into unconsciousness .
ben 's voice was the first thing that had attracted her to him .
after the reptilian ceiling , the first thing the newcomers noticed were the square , flat - roofed huts scattered throughout the dirt- and grass - covered basin .
one thing he instilled in me was a sense of no matter what the circumstances that life gives you there is no reason to take that harshness of life and make yourself weak by it .
he threw out words of wisdom that told me there was no such thing as a fair fight and if you were n't ready to hurt someone , whether it was a physical fight or not , you should walk away or in his exact words , ` ` be ready to kill'em or walk away . ''
the thing i hate the most about being garth dale is having two personalities ... .wait , i hate having two first names .
the worst thing about moving to another planet is tasting black pepper twenty - four seven .
the thing i hate most about being a cop in clean cue city are the doll shells .
clatterford has no warm heart for religions ; which is another thing that outcasts him .
the first thing that struck him was the silence .
the first thing that he noticed was the children .
abishai and bogdan donato and fyodor from giannes to jonetan through michele and teodor abisai unto zebediah the beginning and the end from the alpha to the omega one thing in common do we see that all these names are just the same and nathaniel do they mean the name donates a gift from god a privilege to receive and with this gift comes power all for the few and the proud and glory and duty and a task to unite the swords of men in the new time of times gone past shout oorah and hallelujah human kind shall last and human kind shall last .
the first thing that struck him was the atmosphere .
the second thing to note was rei 's contribution of identifying alnilam , its distance and when the star disappeared according to silas hiram 's journal .
the first thing the ark iv unloaded were the insulated tents , another round of rations , water and thin polymer sacks .
the only thing remaining was a small group of people .
the only thing we do know is it took them longer to get there than the tabit crew .
one thing rei did not count on was that the ark was sitting at the temperature of space and any moisture in the atmosphere would freeze instantly upon contact .
it seems to be that the thing that drives the baddies is always a quest for power .
for one thing , continued fridone , they were harsh , even evil with absolutely no hint of humanity about them .
rather than keep you in complete suspense , here is a little taste of the short story that will be entitled ( shockingly ) the deucadons : the first thing captain dan harrison felt was a searing pain shooting through his chest as the defibrillator fired off a 200 joule stimulus .
one more thing : he said , ` ` dialog at times is very good , but often is exceedingly mechanical . ''
entry 2 - 338 : november 29 , 2014 meet the blankets the ' falling blankets ' are the closest thing we have to predators on deucado .
if there was one thing mark moss paid attention to , it was finances .
his prize possession was a sword that had once belonged to stonewall jackson , which hung over the non - working fireplace , presenting it as the first thing anyone would see after walking through his front door .
the scar thing would nt even be an issue .
he said it condescendingly , and while she understood why , it was nt her favorite thing .
but if were taking an extra day , i want one more thing .
the last thing she remembered before dozing off was the plane taxiing in reverse to head toward the runway .
the first thing he thought was how wonderfully she and dexter would get along if they d met under the right circumstances .
if there s one thing you should know about me , if you have nt figured it out already , its that i do nt i ca nt act on the fly .
also , it seems that food is the only thing that wakes dude up .
the other thing noticeable about him is the straw hat which seems to be handmade .
` ` you know that a smart guy said once : the source of all man 's misfortune comes from one thing and one thing only ... which is not knowing how to sit stress free in one place . ''
` ` you know that a smart guy said once : the source of all man 's misfortune comes from one thing and one thing only ... which is not knowing how to sit stress free in one place . ''
they are caught in the ` ` better , faster , higher '' and wind is blowing in their faces , the plane is at full speed , the plane is so awesome , the plane is so cool , and all this race is such an addictive rush , that crashing and dying is the last thing on their mind .
so , when i flipped the switch , the first thing reggie saw was the nativity scene : mary , joseph , the wise men , an angel , a sheep , a dog , and a donkey all looking in at baby jesus nestled in straw under a wooden canopy .
the first thing that caught my eye was the orderliness of the place .
for one thing , unless he was careful they could apparently read and understand his every thought .
the most surprising thing about the call was that although it was made using running bear 's satellite phone , it was n't made by running bear .
there was another thing about the mohican known by sheffield ; he was absurdly honest .
andrew took a step back and said , ` ` that 's not the only thing ...
there was only one thing more terrifying than spiders and it was being under someone else 's total control .
but all of them have one thing in common .
she managed to reach this field , which was the closest thing to a hospital in this village .
and re - inforcements were the last thing he needed .
9 the screeching sound of his z - com was the one thing ion hated most in the world .
the first thing you need is a sword .
the only thing left .
the ringing laughter of the killer , the person he had been two years earlier , was the last thing he remembered , before the world he knew came to a complete , cruel stop .
suddenly , there was light and through the endless darkness , jediuss clear green eyes were the first thing falling in ions vision , as he stood in the same forest the two of them had spent two years in .
if we talked about james and brynna anymore , i would lose it , and if there was one thing that they had taught me , it was that i could never afford to be seen as weak .
i love every last thing about you .
i would have sworn that the only thing you could possibly remember about your relationships with women is the tying , choking , cutting , burning i never burnt anybody .
at first , i was going to storm away , because the last thing i wanted was to be comforted while penny was out there , in someplace unknown to me , lost and afraid and alone .
but one thing that i had noticed as i got older was that besides holding hands or putting their arms around each others shoulders , they did not touch .
my throat cleared itself ; if there was one thing i hated , it was awkward silence .
the only thing stronger than my fear , in every situation where i had felt fear , was my hatred of the old spirits .
so i guess i should say that the only thing stronger than my fear was nt my hatred of the old spirits .
if there was one thing i knew , it was that brynna could become what he had described , that she could wield that power over others so easily even without exercising her gift .
i was simply watching her being led away , to an unknown fate about which the only thing i knew in certainty was that it would be brutal .
for one thing , melinda was short - tempered and lazy ; when eli was home , we could hear her shouting at him halfway up the block , and when he was nt home , she did nothing to keep the house looking good , as evidenced by the huge pile of leaves eli was raking .
we made a deal , violet olivier , and if there is one thing i loathe as a dionysian , it is when my charges do not keep up their end of the bargain .
he replied , i mean , because obviously , over everything else in the entire universe about me that you could criticize , my manly performance is the absolute last thing i would want you to criticize .
sometimes , when i made a mental list of all the reasons why my men loved me , i put my sense of humor almost at the top of the list , because if there was one thing that i was able to do to them , and they were able to do to me , it was to make them laugh despite how dark and humorless our lives became .
but one thing i had learned was that regardless of whether they knew , it was still nice to hear it said , so i answered .
it was one of the things he loved about this place .
another thing about new york , he thought as he inhaled deeply of his cigarette , and then let the smoke roll slowly out of his mouth .
her presence in my life was the only thing that kept me from losing myself in the streets and now that she s gone , i do nt give a fuck about anyone or anything .
the last thing i want is to see those dark , velvety eyes of hers filled with disgust and disappointment .
her temper is getting the best of her and the last thing we need is to have to fight out way out of here , especially with her arm hanging like a lead weight at her side .
the only thing that s changed is my name .
the thing about it is that they would ve had to of traveled a long ways and to attack a councilman would cause war .
the odd thing about it though , is that i trust him .
the main thing is that it soon became clear we were not dealing with an asteroid at all , but with a spaceship .
the first thing i saw was a hanging sign announcing that this was the monte vista village .
and the thing that really yelled out to me was that they looked the same as they always had .
i convened a meeting of the council first thing , and i had already made up my mind on the two topics we needed to discuss .
xia suspected that his injured head , driving him to the ground and out of coldhand 's path to freedom , was the only thing that had saved tiberius ' life .
_ _ _ _ _ _ gripper 's voice was the first thing maeve heard when she drifted out of the darkness .
to be quite honest , the only thing i ' m suffering from is the shock that i ' m still alive . ''
* * upon reaching the bloodied battleground , the first thing i noticed was the rank of the brute .
he asked , his bushy mustache the only thing that i saw move .
again , the first thing i saw was his eyes , and again , they overpowered any will or intention i had , completely reducing me to a creature so pitiful , i could n't even control my own actions .
the last thing she thought as her mind wound down was that it could be worse .
that was the good thing about having a recording ball that could transform into a decked out , efficient security orb .
the very last thing she wanted was to end up headfirst in a sand dune .
barely an hour ago shed been in the desert above , and a lush jungle had been the last thing on her mind .
the only thing holding him back is an epic fear of heights that is going to make flying a bit tricky .
i find my favorite poster , the one i have opposite my bed so that its the first thing i see every morning .
what was the last thing he smelled ?
the last thing i need is for his attention to be drawn toward them again . ''
that 's the thing about transference , you see .
she looked around the dimly lit tavern to survey her surroundings , and in each of the patrons faces she saw the same thing , glances in her direction that tried to conceal themselves the moment she looked their way .
the only thing worse than this damned headache , axel said as he wiped the froth from his grizzled mouth , is the thought of having to shave my back hair for that blasted kaern again .
if there s one thing i know its that this isle will outlast us all .
time is the one thing we have of plenty .
he loved this one thing about colorado springs more than anything else .
if there was one thing he could appreciate , it was their professionalism .
the nice thing about being a dictator was that he had access to all the good drugs .
the last thing we need in here is a pile of rotting meat .
what s the first thing we need to survive ?
bobby continued , yeah , the nice thing is that once we downloaded everything , it becomes static , and we can search everything .
the good thing about side space was that , as far as anyone knew , there were no dangerous objects floating around , so he could relax and enjoy the ride , the navigation being automated with the hook drive and on - board computer systems .
it 's my favorite thing to drink , well , besides fernet , '' to which she gave him an almost friendly smile .
the funny thing was that he had no idea what was in store , nor what these lycan skills were .
one thing he did n't know was they were also able to change the light spectrum they would see at night , going to a mode similar to infrared .
another thing about the bots was that some existed in the atmosphere , but others existed inside living things , one such type being the salubots , which monitored health and assisted in healing .
they say the best thing about lycan blood is the color it makes in the dirt . ''
his distrust for werewolf soldiers was probably the only thing that saved the castle , as well as the entire rhnen dominion .
a vampire that admired light was one thing , but torlen was of a special breed - his bloodline was completely immune to any kind of uv rays .
the worst thing about it was the feel of it .
her arms and legs were pinned and the only thing she could move was her head .
` ` there 's no such thing as luck , '' cal replied .
find more information at : http : //www.saffronbryant.com / books / pilgrim http : //www.saffronbryant.com / free - books reviews save books choosing what to write can be tough , but the one thing that really helps is reviews .
she and her little sister , different in so many ways , were going to have one thing in common after all , assuming that having a secret talent was something that they could share .
some were very rich , some merely well off , and others struggling , but they all shared one thing in common .
the only thing lakota had ever been left by her birth mother was alone .
the only thing that had nt transported was his leather boots .
for one thing , xander had not yet embraced his birth parents last name and thus still did nt have one .
the whole being raised by a different species thing .
the one thing that did nt change is yeah , were both obstinate as hell .
except for one thing , roke .
that was another thing she liked about him .
that was the last thing the doctor did before going back down stairs .
that was the great thing about being in the band .
it was hope , the thing that has sustained men and women ever since , when they were caught in tough binds -- -like this one .
that was just one more thing she liked about him .
the last thing he remembered was crossing eastbourne terrace .
nice thing about talkin to your animals , they never talk back .
morality was a nice thing to think about when you were home , safe and warm .
the main thing wrong with a reflection is not that it is n't real , but that it 's reversed .
the thing about the mentufacturer , he reflected , is that he can renew everything .
the thing we have in common is that we 're failures .
` ` for one thing . ''
it 's never one thing .
i hope you enjoyed it , because it is n't going to change a fucking thing in our story .
but there was such a thing as foolhardiness , he reminded himself .
it 's an innate thing , i ' m convinced of it , millions of years of evolution shaping us to be what we are .
he was tough , for one thing , absolutely unswervable in his pursuit of whatever he might be after .
the smell of smoke was the first thing he perceived .
that 's the only thing that counts now .
echea was the only thing out of the norm .
that it is not the first and , in most cases , the only thing about me that a person will notice ? ''
it was the nicest thing about him , that grin , and he was using it perfectly naturally .
` ` you seemed so interested in the inhibition death , for one thing .
for one thing , it 's too far gone . ''
for them , payment was the thing .
when you 're trying to work a big deal without being caught , it 's practically the main thing to keep on acting just like always .
for one thing , they were profitable .
the explorer , mako - yama , had named it the ` ` bayonet tree , '' but fawkes had made so bold as to rename it migrania fawkes ... one thing the trees had in common .
` ` maybe it 's a cumulative thing . ''
you 're the nearest thing to a miniaturization expert we have .
duval said thoughtfully , ` ` that 's the awesome thing of it .
for one thing , they would be voting on future promotions .
' for one thing , she had the gall to introduce me as the brainfather , god help me , of the famous reginald de meister . '
' name one thing it is n't ... shh ! '
but already , the men of the outer worlds can detect the loss or change of the trace compounds that are responsible for that infinitely elusive thing we call ` ` flavor . ''
one thing about the story that i ca n't explain is the fact that i have two characters in it , one of whom is named moreno and one moreanu .
she was twenty years older , for one thing ; for another , there was nothing in the least elegant , cool , intimidating , incandescent , or androidal about her .
the first thing anyone thinks of when dinosaurs are mentioned is their enormous size .
the closest thing to an ally she had was hoskins .
one thing that timmie wasn ' t was well - bred .
it was the only thing she could cling to , now - the only hope she had that timmie would not die .
the surgeon 's face had a certain blankness about it also : hardly a surprising thing , for the surgeon 's face , like all the rest of him , was fashioned of lightly bronzed stainless steel .
but of course the thing my mother does n't take into account is that i ' m not really all that much like my grandfather in temperament , and perhaps i ' m not as clever as he was , either , because he had a truly formidable intellect , and so there 's no necessary reason why i 'd automatically equal the record he ran up in the legislature .
it was a difficult thing for andrew to understand , that sense of connection , of infinite linkage with intimately related predecessors .
odeen was another thing .
` ` there 's such a thing as the right time . ''
dua had asked , - that was another funny thing about dua .
` ` well , for one thing , we exercise in the nude or near - nude .
` ` the lunar sun is one thing i ca n't get used to and do n't want to get used to .
to be unorthodox is one thing ; to be wrong is quite another . ''
i ' m perfectly satisfied you ' ve done all you could to make this work because one thing about you is that you understand the russkies . ''
the first thing morrison sensed was cold .
` ` that goes without saying , but as my father used to say '' - he raised his voice as though determined not to be again subverted - ` ` the sure thing about anything that goes without saying is that someone is bound to say it .
there was such a thing as being too right .
the funny thing about coincidences is that they do happen .
` ` i - i rarely fly and piloting anything through the air is almost a mystical thing to me .
` ` for one thing , '' said morrison mildly , ` ` it was the truth . ''
` ` i am in charge of keeping the peace , for one thing .
so with gidi , and that was the frightening thing .
the only thing that was thought odd was that gidi never used a holographic projector to place a three - dimensional image of himself in the midst of his parties .
one thing he could see already , however : it was often in the interactions between beings , rather than within the beings themselves , that life found its purposes .
if there was one thing he had learned thus far , it was that the idealized rules and the real - life world were rarely in perfect coordination with each other .
still , it worked , and that was the main thing .
that was the one thing you had been most determined to hide , the one thing that made you lie awake last night , scheming over the best way to conceal it from me - and we know it already . ''
the last thing gubber was doing before going off with tonya was fiddling with caliban .
that was the damned thing about it .
he was out of uniform , for one thing , and , worse still , wearing settler - style civilian clothes .
` ` the last thing these waters need is muddying , ` ` kresh said .
and one thing he was doing was paying no attention whatsoever to donald .
he has a much less balanced personality than caliban , for one thing . ''
the only thing justen knew for sure about them was that they had sure as hell left a mess behind .
` ` but friends , if there 's one thing we all know , it 's that time is short .
for one thing , there was no blaster in his possession .
energy was the only thing indispensable .
` ` that 's the funny thing , commissioner .
- the chairman , you understand , is the closest thing to a chief executive that the aurorans have . ''
for one thing , dr . fastolfe is not that kind of person .
` ` you do n't look one blasted thing like the actor who played you in the hyperwave , show . ''
we talk , for one thing .
it was a frighteningly abnormal thing to sense , yet he could not allow the door to close , for he would then not know how to open it .
i know from my reading that he is the nearest thing to an executive officer that there is on aurora , but i gathered from that same reading that the position is purely honorary .
it 's subdued for one thing and makes you look as if you 're in mourning .
for one thing , there was his promise to hummin .
there must be machinery of all kinds hidden under those domes - ventilation motors , for one thing .
` ` too expensive for one thing , sir .
he was angry because , for one thing , he was hungry .
he had only a small mustache , for one thing , and it was brown , not black .
` ` well , for one thing , the university security officers are on their way . ''
seldon savored the seasonings they had learned to enjoy during their stay at mycogen - the only thing about that strange , male - dominated , religion - permeated , living - in - the - past sector they had not detested .
but now hari was seeing real rain coming down drearily from a cold sky - and he had not seen such a thing in years - and he loved it ; that was the thing .
for them , payment was the thing . )
actually the most characteristic thing of all was the cap each wore ( perhaps even when asleep , seldon thought ) .
the expense , for one thing .
one thing about the dahlite culture , hari , it is a cesspool of invective .
i was the nearest thing to the imperial family and they jabbered at me that the empire needed an emperor .
to pelorat , that was the amazing thing about it .
both were freshmen councilmen , young and brash , and that must have been the only thing that held them together , for they were different in all other respects .
the one thing that is best known about the mule is that he was sterile .
i had a political career to develop and the last thing i want is to stress my foreign origin . ''
they are seen from a different angle , for one thing .
` ` to make sure it 's habitable , for one thing . ''
therefore , he might get into trouble - and if there 's one thing a foundationer knows , it is that if he gets into trouble anywhere in the galaxy , he can cry out for the nearest foundation representative .
` ` far as i know , i was the only thing they had in common . ''
the thing i 'd locked up under the circle had been quiet since the night i had sealed it into a spirit - prison , but when it came to entombing a fallen angel , i was pretty sure that there was no such thing as too much caution .
so arturo was wrong about at least one thing .
` ` it 's a protein thing . ''
` ` right is n't the same thing as cruel .
because it was the only thing i could give her in return .
it had been a hell of a lot stronger , for one thing , and it had come at her a hell of a lot faster .
blood in common , that kind of thing .
` ` it was a hell of a lot faster , for one thing , and deadlier .
the important thing to realize is that i 'll be the one who decides which .
one thing about carrying ancient memories of an elder species around in your head , it could royally screw up your interpretation of catcher in the rye .
the funny thing is , makes you look like even more of a retard . ''
the funny thing was , the concept was n't total nonsense .
the strange thing was , once that midnight ended , they became frozen , just like darklings during normal time .
for one thing , in the old days they had n't invented gps or decent clocks yet and had to rely on star readings and guesswork to plug the numbers in .
the great thing about rex was , he 'd never forgotten the night she 'd walked across bixby to find him , back when they were kids .
the last thing melissa needed was a bunch of annoying human minds invading midnight .
he 's always had this thing about not living in bixby . ''
that was the good thing about being the one who actually did the math .
i had to keep the storm inside me from exploding , because the only thing i knew for certain was that someone - maybe susan , maybe my enemies - was trying to manipulate me .
` ` it 's the only thing keeping tilly here from deciding i ' m some kind of bomb maker . ''
that thing , that drumming sound .
they had one other thing in common .
the golden headdress was the first thing i noticed .
now that little bit of silver and stone was just about the only thing i had left .
` ` funny feelings are one thing ; this lesson is another .
this had impressed itself on odrade at their first encounter , a thing lucilla had remarked after capturing murbella and rescuing idaho from gammu .
they were driven not so much by dreams of power as by their own long view , a thing compounded of immediacy and almost unlimited memory .
the first thing odrade actually had marked was the woman 's smell .
and the first thing was the sharply discerning gaze of innocence .
it is one thing , a wholeness against which all separations may be identified .
` ` it 's a subtle and powerful thing , prescience .
the problem lay within the lack of animal life , but it was a particular thing which alerted him .
size is another thing that changes , he thought .
-revised orange catholic bible arran 11:4 it was the immutable prophecy , the threads become rope , a thing leto now seemed to have known all of his life .
it had been drier , for one thing .
but the best thing about living in seville is that in only a twenty - minute drive you 're over into santa cruz where the beach is and the amusement park is .
the only thing he had over me was that , to be very honest , he was much better looking than i .
` ` for one thing , the otter came from japan .
the first thing he noticed was that the majority of the bones came from distinctly small animals - birds , monkeys , and tiny forest rodents .
chimpanzees showed wore subtle variations of the same thing .
for one thing , the gorilla language was not a pure verbal language .
but the thing is , every time the body makes a replacement , it 's a little less perfect than the one that came before it . ''
` ` almost the only thing ? ''
the first thing my eyes landed on was the crown jewel of the field museum -sue , the largest , most complete , and most beautifully preserved skeleton of a tyrannosaurus rex ever discovered .
if there 's one thing i ' m good at , it 's ruining people 's day . ''
the last thing i thought , before i dropped off to sleep , was that the covers smelled faintly of soap and sunlight and strawberries .
fear is a funny thing .
` ` yeah , '' i told luccio , and my voice was the only dry thing about me .
one other thing was different , too : these undead radiated a kind of hideous , ephemeral cold , and their skin almost seemed to glow with its own pale , horrible light .
the last thing i wanted to do was square off against another supernatural nasty .
` ` curses are n't really my thing , '' bob hedged .
that was one good thing about dealing with the supernatural community .
` ` the one bad thing about the duster , '' she mused .
the thing about computers - it 's like training a dog .
that was the thing he resented about religion , bickel thought - the way it appealed to emotion rather than intelligence .
he had heard the argument and the only thing that surprised him was how easy it was to accept bickel 's summation .
` ` that message is the only thing we ' ve really lost , '' bickel said .
for one thing , we 're poorer than the servants of wrath .
` ` i can assure you it has n't ; that 's one thing i do know .
now that i am assured the chance to frame him in my art , the landscape of my joy divides and leaves me , not so dark as a silent house , but so confused , with my life gigantic , ripening to the point of bursting , with fear and ambition the last things left .
midge 's hunches were the other thing one never questioned .
if there was one thing the director of the nsa knew about , it was pressure situations ; creating additional tension was never wise .
` ` the only thing that really bothers me , '' eddie said , ` ` is they got another seven more coming in this afternoon .
` ` not a damn thing , '' jackson said .
but something about buster friendly irritated john isidore , one specific thing .
the thing about rabbits , sit , is that everybody has one .
` ` one thing about you , '' stockstill said to her , ` ` you ca n't be accused of concealing your opinions . ''
that was the thing about fergesson ; he did n't have any prejudice .
such feelings told him , though , that he found it easier to identify with the victim than with the attackers - a thing characteristic of the tleilaxu .
` ` beginning and end are a single thing , '' alia snapped .
an odd thing about her came back to him as he watched her approach : alia appeared thoughtful only when she smiled .
indeed , i learned that many nobles would not attend at all , for fear of what would happen in the hurot hall that night , for it seemed that this place was the center of the fiend 's interest in the area ; that he coveted hurot hall , or some similar thing - i could not be sure of the meaning .
the mansions all shared one thing .
` ` well , for one thing , her marriage means that teod and arelon have a formal blood bond .
the most surprising thing was how easy it was .
` ` ... having a goal is not the same thing as having the means to accomplish it . ''
they both knew that raoden could demand only one thing : to be left alone .
` ` well , the king 's courts are open to all , for one thing , '' sarene said nonchalantly .
if there was one thing she loathed , it was being ignored .
` ` the important thing is realizing there 's a link between ourselves and the dor .
` ` well , for one thing , i have n't found a single book that mentions how to make seons . ''
the cooks in her father 's household had learned one thing : when sarene wanted to eat , she could eat .
that 's changed now , but one thing remains the same .
it was one thing sub - turings were good for .
one thing about ruth rae : she was smart enough not to let her skin become too tanned .
the damnable thing about all this was the uncertainty around every corner !
perhaps the most irritating thing about his new mental state was its unreliability , the interruption of mental peace by his continuing useless revision of certain minor elements in the equations of the plan .
hari smelled clean and human , discipline overlying strength , if such things could be transferred by scent -- and why not ?
as he had remarked to one of the earlier duncans on a similar occasion : ` ` you must understand this about me , a thing which some obviously suspect - sometimes it 's unavoidable that i have delusionary sensations , the feeling that somewhere inside this changeling form of mine there exists an adult human body with all of the necessary functions . ''
i mean , dammit ... '' ` ` the thing you must always trust about siona is her creativity .
he thought the room rejected him , each thing - the soft cushions : big bulbous things in gold , green and a red that was almost purple ; the fremen rugs , each a museum piece , lapping over each other in thick piles around leto 's pit ; the false sunlight of ixian glowglobes , light which enveloped the emperor 's face in dry warmth , making the shadows around it deeper and more mysterious ; the smell of spice - tea somewhere nearby ; and that rich melange odor which radiated from the worm - body .
the finger movements were precise , eliciting his own memories , a thing passed from child to child to child ... the way so much information and misinformation survived .
that was one thing the atreides did .
the thing he had felt- all gone !
the god emperor had mentioned a thing on several occasions , a way of concealing the thoughts he recorded .
the only sure thing about the desert was its size .
the missing thing was that maddening sense of hurry , the feeling that he might be left behind at any time , that the trail would die out and he would be left with only a broken piece of string .
there was that thing about the atreides line that required the most careful monitoring by the breeding mistresses .
for one thing , she was younger than the others .
taraza chuckled and she thought : there 's a thing we learned well from the original atreides - how to produce people who command the utmost devotion and loyalty .
every time he left the inner worlds of the bene tleilax waff felt himself to be on lashkar , a war party seeking that ultimate revenge which his people named secretly as bodal ( always capitalized and always the first thing reaffirmed in ghufran or khel ) .
yet , when he looked at each element in it , he found each thing familiar .
sheeana 's approach was a thing laid down by the god emperor himself .
only one thing kept most of the sisters in line and taraza did not try to delude herself about it .
she reminded herself that fixed loyalty was a thing they had learned to improve upon from the atreides pattern .
` ` hope is one thing , survival another , '' she said .
the last thing murbella heard before unconsciousness was the great honored matre saying : ` ` we will kill no one .
it was a thing he had observed many places on this planet .
the last thing he saw was a whirlpool of lights .
for one thing , everybody who saw the elephant wanted one .
for one thing , they used computers constantly , a practice traditional mathematicians frowned on .
` ` for one thing , they move too fast , '' henry wu said .
for one thing , dinosaur teeth were too small , and too little worn , to have been used for chewing food .
the only thing i ' ve got left to clear is the telephones .
` ` the thing about these damn dinos , '' muldoon said , ` ` is that they have distributed nervous systems .
beautiful thing about caillen 's friends - by the time you saw them coming for you , your head was already rolling across the floor .
the other thing darling always complained about was that one day caillen 's wandering penis was going to get him killed ... was this the day ?
the only thing that had kept her from issuing a challenge the last two weeks had been her inexperience with social functions .
one thing about the andarions , those bastards could hear for miles even without an amplifier .
if there was one thing in life she knew , it was every shortcoming she possessed .
the only thing that kept him going was the knowledge that his father and desideria would die if he failed them .
the last thing he needed was encouragement .
one thing her people knew how to do was plan for battle .
he used the present tense which meant the woman was still alive - another thing that really annoyed her when it should n't .
her mother would be disappointed in her if she did and the last thing she wanted was to shame her mother any more .
` ` only thing missing here is my sanity . ''
right now , his presence was the only thing that kept her holding on to a life that had become a nightmare .
but the one thing that held her grounded fast and kept her sane during this insanity was the taste of his lips .
but to caillen he was known by one simple thing .
bad thing about assassins , even paid ones , they seldom gave info or intel , even under torture .
chayden had every single thing about her family catalogued .
he was the closest thing to a parent i 'd ever known .
the one thing she wanted most .
one thing he 'd learned about women , their sex drives were radically different .
but the one thing his real father and desideria had taught him - noblesse oblige .
the one thing though was the tenderness in his heart for a woman who put everything on hold to come to his aid .
the last thing she wanted was to taint or spoil what little time she had with him .
the only thing that kept arturo from striking maris was the fact that maris 's blood was even bluer than theirs .
surely that was the only thing that could explain the utter misery and agony he felt .
she did n't like cruelty against anyone , and the last thing she wanted was to incur the wrath of any aristo .
the one thing she hated about being caronese , they were a patriarchal race and in the mind of most men , women did n't belong in the military or in politics .
the rebels constantly bragged about it to others - another thing he 'd heard outside his room at all hours .
the one good thing about pain and grief were that they put everything else in perspective .
the last thing darling desired was to help anyone now .
the one thing the resistance had taught him was who his friends were .
` ` you know , that 's the sickest thing about love .
that was the one thing her father had drilled into her most .
the one thing he 'd learned in his useless life was how to find pleasure in pain .
the only thing that felt better than her hand there was when she went down on him .
the older woman was just following orders and the last thing zarya wanted was to get her into trouble .
the one thing she did remember though was that her father had never once spoken out against drux cruel .
the only thing he felt now was how much he loved the way her long hair fanned out across his legs .
the only thing that detracted from hauk 's looks was those andarion eyes that were extremely disconcerting , if not downright off - putting .
more likely , they were there for his ease of use - the other bad thing about andarions ... they were notoriously short of temper .
it was the most irritating thing and it was n't helped by the addition of a sudden nosebleed .
that was the one thing about her , in a fight , she was always levelheaded and resourceful .
the one thing all of this had taught her was how much darling meant to her .
for one thing , he did n't appear to be a spoiled rich aristo .
in fact , the only thing that really separated their philosophies was that ryn wanted guns while darling preferred high explosives .
the only thing that had kept her going after her father 's death had been sorche .
` ` but you know , '' he continued , ` ` in all the regrets i have , the one thing that never bothered me were the decisions i made with my heart .
the last thing she wanted to do was hurt darling any worse .
darling was being honest with them and while she was worried sick about him , the last thing she wanted was to add to his stress .
the last thing i want is for them to insult you because of me . ''
that was the only thing that motivated me .
the last thing she wanted was to be beside one of the nasty gerents who glared at them .
for one thing , especially if they really thought she was being held against her will and tortured , their offices should have been moved .
that was the only thing that ... his gaze went past gera to the monitors he 'd had on for the last few days so that he could watch the news and stay abreast of the resistance attacks , and the gerents ' confederacy of dunces .
` ` my father might kill you over it , but i for one ca n't thank you enough for not tying me into a marriage where i could never have the one thing i want most . ''
just as there was no such thing as compassion or decency .
she was the only thing that had really mattered .
there 's no such thing as friendship .
one thing about her first baby , when he made a promise , he kept it .
the thing is , i ' m really only the reclusive part .
in fact there 's not one thing about you that 's derived from our actual world here .
` ` it 's the worst thing about our condition , this awareness of the buried , repressed sadism and aggression in others around us , even strangers .
` ` david does n't show any signs of that skizo thing , does he ? ''
it was cool inside , and once the echo faded , the only thing mark could hear was the sound of his own heavy breathing .
the sound of the flames was the only thing he heard now , a constant roar like the ignited thrusters of a thousand bergs .
then the last thing anyone needed was a bunch of infected soldiers running through the streets .
the last thing mark wanted to do was talk about it right then .
for all that , there is one thing mark keeps thinking that makes it all seem not quite as bad as it could be : he and trina have grown closer than ever .
the last thing mark noticed was that one of her ears looked like someone had tried to tear it off .
when they reached the cockpit the first thing mark noticed was alec slumped over the controls , his head buried in his arms .
the look of innocent surprise on his face was the only thing that prevented thomas from grabbing the shank by the collar and shaking him until some answers came out .
the only thing left was the new kid .
one thing he knew was that the kid would never open up if minho terrified him .
it became a horrendous cycle , broken up only by thoughts of teresa , her harsh words to him the only thing that lightened the prospect of death , even if only a little .
small sounds , and the first thing he thought of was medical instruments .
the last thing you need to do is apologize . ''
the thing they needed most for the time being was patience .
only one thing about the whole affair stood out , and not only did it confuse him , it hurt him to face it .
and that 's the last thing we need . ''
it was such an odd thing to be fighting against something so violently and yet wanting it to happen so completely .
` ` the only thing that matters is how it is .
the only thing he heard was the rush of pumping blood inside his head .
the second - best thing to virtual food was to be surrounded by nature .
it was as if someone had pushed a mute button - and for some reason it was the most terrifying thing about the bizarre tunnel so far .
the woman peered down at the three of them , her eyes the only thing about her that did n't seem a hundred years old .
the flick of the thumb was always interesting , but the amazing thing was that the match did not go out .
that was the annoying thing about his brother .
` ` i think , that green does a funny thing to my complexion .
' that has always been one thing i ' ve admired in you c you 're not a coward .
that 's the thing about predators : they leave a huge statistical footprint on any ecosystem .
the main thing to remember is that there 's no magic involved .
the last thing new jersey needed was another peep .
that 's the interesting thing about dr . rat : she loves rats but also loves coming up with new and exciting ways to kill them .
the worst thing about new york is that it 's full of beautiful women , enough to make my head start spinning with unthinkable thoughts .
that 's the thing about parasites : it 's hard to tell if they 're the chicken or the egg .
` ` one thing about parasites - they 're great at living inside other organisms , but once they hit the outside world , they 're not so tough . ''
one thing about carrying the parasite - it makes you feel connected to the past .
` ` the rent is not the most unsettling thing about that building , cal , '' the shrink said .
one thing about the carriers of the night watch : they have a special affection for the families after whom the oldest streets are named .
one thing about being a carrier .
there 's this thing that happens to peeps : they hate all the stuff they used to love . ''
and the funny thing was , we were all over each other .
and the funny thing was , they were really sexy .
the last thing i wanted to do was go back to work for that son of a bitch don .
those studies agreed on one thing .
and one thing you could count on was that any big , hot broth of bacteria was likely to get contaminated by a virus , and if that virus could n't infect the bacteria , it would mutate to a form that could .
if there was one thing faeries hated doing , it was giving you a straight answer , about anything .
you know , the whole incubus hunger thing .
` ` thing is .
` ` the thing about having several centuries of experience and knowledge at my disposal is that it does n't do me any good unless i know what it is you want me to help you fight , '' bob said .
a lot of people think that , in a fight , speed is the only thing that matters .
that cat thing , too . ''
one thing , more than any other , stuck in my memory of that night - the scent of the black cloth hood they 'd had over my head , over my face .
one thing about gray men ... they just do n't quit .
apparently this is the closest thing to true night marakeq possesses , a dreamtime twilight where the trees take on fantastic shapes .
among other things , he lets me see that he needs me to see this thing through .
it 's the best thing about you . ''
for a moment , march 's mocking words came back to me , and i almost said , ` ` not a damn thing . ''
the most important thing is that i ' m accomplishing it by myself .
` ` intuition is an interesting thing , '' he says .
in his own eyes , he failed me , failed mair , so this is the only thing left .
speeding over the ice is the closest thing on earth to flying , and it carries a unique thrill .
the one good thing about the corp , i never had to worry about that .
it 's smaller , for one thing .
as your bodyguard , i have to know every last thing about you and try to figure out a way to compensate for every eventuality . ''
in the last two days , the only thing i ' ve achieved is a light tan .
he 's big for one thing , bulky , not slim enough to wear clothes well .
guilt is probably the hardest to eradicate , being the most wretched thing a person can feel .
that 's the best thing about droids ; they do n't take your weird behavior personally .
` ` you need only one thing more . ''
the only thing stopping me ?
her idea of decor differs from mine slightly , but i admire the complex lattices and backless stools that offer the closest thing to furniture i can recognize .
the only thing worse ?
mary , the last thing i need is another pilot doing that , but at least he 's just predicting my thought - path instead of sharing it .
one thing i miss about the folly - a kitchen - mate in my quarters .
they do n't move like anything i ' ve ever seen ; they have too many legs , for one thing , and they leap , not run .
that 's the only thing the two occasions have in common - the dark and my irrational response to it .
ceepak is doing his shut up , do n't bother me thing , checking for possible problems heading our way , and shelby examines the immediate future , eyeballs rolling behind his lids like he 's in rem sleep .
and the truly galling thing about the entire situation was that it had been the least evil of the options that had been available to me at the time .
` ` merlin was the only good thing about that movie .
but the only thing i knew was out there was a scared little girl .
the one thing i did n't want or need was pity .
that 's the thing i hate most about marcone .
that was the damnedest thing about these demonic collaborator types .
for one thing , a ship this big could never be launched from earth .
for one thing , there 's enough variation in human behavior to make understanding just within our own species very troublesome .
for one thing , they were too close together .
for one thing , jerry might operate at a much faster metabolic rate , and thus have a different sense of time .
you say you have inside you both the power of good and the power of evil , the angel and the devil , but in truth you have just one thing inside you - the ability to imagine .
the only thing in his pocket were his car keys .
the only thing that marred it , he thought , was the lingering odor of cigar smoke in the air .
the thing about her , evans thought , was that she had the most chilling ability to instantly behave as if he did not exist .
if there was one thing he still let himself long for , it was the chance to hold a spear .
the only thing she dared do was blink , committing the scene to memory .
the only thing that was different here was that there was a large lump of ... something in the center of the plateau .
but ... she was the last thing he had left .
there was one thing about running bridges : if you survived long enough , it built up the muscles .
` ` for one thing , there will be no more sleeping in . ''
they had been more brief , for one thing .
it 's the thing i ' ve been missing . ''
the most difficult thing of all was knowing that it would soon end .
` ` speed is not a bad thing .
` ` but one thing has n't changed .
for one thing , it 's not yours . ''
he has this thing about the old ways . ''
everyone just wanted them dead , and if there was one thing the alethi were good at , it was killing .
` ` is not thing to learn . ''
three the nice thing about robots , in susannah 's opinion , was that most of them did n't hold grudges .
` ` hair 's the wrong color , for one thing ... and- '' ` ` ted , we have to get outoi here , '' the youngest of the three said urgently .
also , his eyes had quit doing that creepy in - and - out thing , which was a big improvement .
` ` absolutely astral sex , for one thing , '' dinky said .
` ` we do n't know exactly what these dials were actually meant to measure , '' he said , ` ` but one thing they do measure is teleportation potential .
for one thing , being near working breakers made talk unnecessary .
for one thing , his ` ` wild talent '' ( as the pulp science - fiction magazines sometimes call it ) is actually physically dangerous under the -right circumstances .
for one thing , telepaths who did not come from die keystone earth ( it was their phrase ) were rare .
it was an intuitive thing , or like oddities one sometimes glimpsed from the corner of one 's eye .
discourages too much effort , and effort 's the last thing most of the telepaths in the algul are interested in .
because the only thing talent wants is to be used . ''
i 'd known that i was different in some ways ; for one thing , i seemed to be the only breaker with an ounce of compassion in my makeup .
for one thing , eddie looked worse than frail as he lay in the proctor 's bed with his hand in susannah 's ; he looked old and ( jake hated to think of it ) stupid .
it was a standard shift , for one thing .
for one thing , it seemed that the world was thinner than she had ever imagined .
` ` but one thing that they are in agreement about is that king 's references to the dark tower are almost always masked , and sometimes mean nothing at all . ''
for one thing , she 'd had to sleep on the floor - the bed was basically nothing but a rust - sculpture waiting to disintegrate - and her back was stiff .
` ` to make sure he is gone , for one thing , '' roland said .
and the only thing that kept him from giving up and going back was his hatred of them .
` ` the thing about sex is that god gives men a brain and a dick , but only enough blood to operate one at a- '' he never heard her approach or lift herself into the la - zboy in order to gain the necessary height ; he was concentrating too completely on what he was doing .
for one thing , putting ho fat iii in front of the door gave him a reason to use his eraser .
the thing about killing is you do n't know if you can actually do it until you actually do it .
the only thing wrong with ben was his height : he was six inches taller than me .
the creepiest thing , creepier than the abandoned cars and the snarl of crumpled metal and the broken glass sparkling in the october sunlight , creepier than all the trash and discarded crap littering the median , most of it hidden by the knee - high grass so the strip of land looks lumpy , covered in boils , the creepiest thing is the silence .
the creepiest thing , creepier than the abandoned cars and the snarl of crumpled metal and the broken glass sparkling in the october sunlight , creepier than all the trash and discarded crap littering the median , most of it hidden by the knee - high grass so the strip of land looks lumpy , covered in boils , the creepiest thing is the silence .
oh , and one more thing : his killer smile .
the mind was the last thing to go , washed away in the red waters of the tsunami .
there being the one thing that 's kept me from going completely crazy , the thing the others have n't been able to take from me after taking everything from me .
there being the one thing that 's kept me from going completely crazy , the thing the others have n't been able to take from me after taking everything from me .
that was one thing that had n't changed : the one sure way of not being alone was wanting to be alone .
it smells better , for one thing , and you get your own room .
the one thing that puzzles me is the person with the gun is shaking like a leaf and the one at her mercy is perfectly calm .
i forgot one thing i learned in karate : your eich !
perhaps the most significant thing about stone was that he had done nobel - caliber work as a law student , for it demonstrated the depth and range of his interests .
for one thing , they were larger , and seemed somehow more luminous .
for one thing , because it used electrons instead of light , the inside of the microscope had to be a vacuum .
- ward keel , the apocryphal notebooks the first thing rico saw when he stepped through the hatchway into the galley was the still , open - eyed form of crista galli lying in her harness beside the plaz .
one thing about them always made him smile .
twisp knew that , among the council , there was no such thing as rank .
his voice sounded sullen to stella and she suspected from the tightening of his jaw that if there was one thing alek dexter did not allow in his presence it was sullenness .
they all seemed to be people he knew , and they all had one other thing in common .
i ' ve got this thing about not lighting three cigarettes on a match .
she counted on only one thing : that they could not see her deepest thoughts , that they 'd read only that surface which she revealed to them .
why did that dangerous wreave female haunt this room without contributing one thing ?
in the course of only a few generations , dosadi had become a particular thing .
` ` the first thing bahrank reported about you . ''
for one thing , he found it necessary to develop consciously monitored movements which protected his / her breasts .
the silence of the audience was an explosive thing .
ramsey resisted the impulse to scratch at his own forearm , said , ` ` i ' ve been noticing the same thing . ''
one thing he did feel shortly before landing was another of those unsettling periods of blankness ... short , but most definitely there .
you telling me the last thing she remembers is sitting in her bathrobe and listening to some blow - dried dude talk about how they found that gonzo down in the florida keys with christa mcauliff 's left hand mounted on his den wall next to his prize marlin ? ''
the hideous thing about the really bad man 's invasion had been the sense of familiarity that came with it , as if this amazing thing had happened before - not once , but many times .
they were younger , for one thing ; and although he did n't know it , some unknown dispatcher had labeled him extremely dangerous , and to andy staunton and norris weaver , that made him the equivalent of a rogue tiger .
when you were hit by a heavy - caliber slug , there was no such thing as a free ride .
the last thing fowler wanted was assistance .
it was the first cold thing she had experienced since awakening .
that was one thing you learned from the law ; it all came out in court .
` ` tony , if there 's one thing i ' ve learned since becoming court psychologist here , it 's that juries , spend far more energy trying to discover the judge 's opinion than they do following what the opposing lawyers are presenting .
the only thing she really understood was then- power .
it 's the one thing i have n't lost in all the running .
the only thing harder than moving myself forward into that room was the thought of falling behind jeb and being caught alone here .
it was a good thing the food was exactly the same thing as always , because if , miraculously , a filet mignon or a bag of cheetos had materialized , i would n't have been able to taste a thing .
hope was a silly thing in my situation , but it seeped into me anyway , coloring my perceptions more brightly than before .
in all my time here , the one thing i 'd never found was the way out .
for one thing , this would happen again .
in many ways it was the most ' infuriating thing of all , this constant bewilderment at his own motivations .
it was a thing about people .
and the nicest thing about them was that they were still the same .
the automated female voice was probably the most plesant thing about it .
it was a thing that began happening as soon as the sub started slipping through the gigantic stems and tentacles : a sexual excitement very nearly impossible to control at times .
ship 's presence was like a palpable thing , a wall between her and the injured man .
the strange thing about this inner chant which he had adopted as his personal litany was that it increased his sensitivity to doubts .
but he has this thing about his body being his own .
the presence which the kelp projected onto the intruders was an almost palpable thing .
` ` that is the only abnormal thing about this . ''
the only thing she knew for sure about her life now was that she still had it .
the most menacing thing of all was the fact that no demon moved to molest any of the people waiting beside the cutter .
the sorry thing about martyrs is that they are not around to explain what it all meant .
` ` not a bloody thing .
nick was controlling himself the best and the young girl who had almost balked at using the slide - bethany - looked the most deeply scared , but they all heard the same thing in the sound .
and that was n't the weirdest thing about astor michaels .
the sight of the unfriendly crowd made me realize one big thing missing from my rock - star dreams : in all my fantasies about being famous , i was already famous , so i never had to get famous .
` ` we knew he was spreading the parasite , but this whole singing thing ...
one good thing about singing in a language that 's been dead for seven centuries : nobody feels left out .
that 's one thing i 'll miss - islander music . ''
it was a disturbing thing .
he asked , wondering if he could learn this thing she did .
vata , living on and on like that with her companion , duque , beside her , was the nearest thing pandora had to a living saint .
` ` i imagine that thing around your neck becomes tiresome . ''
the c / p would be after him the minute he returned , for one thing .
keel felt weak but his fingers knew this familiar thing .
the only thing that mattered was the cool breeze blowing over the top of the hill .
now it seemed that was the most important thing about the olson experience .
it makes great pr , for one thing . ''
` ` like getting born , for one thing .
it was the only thing he wanted in the world .
the most annoying thing about having him around is the way he breathes !
he had peter by the belt , for one thing , and that was working better .
what he wanted - the only thing in the world he did want , it seemed - was to hear the warble of approaching police cars and fire trucks .
with seth it 's that sniffing thing .
and once he was in the house , that stalking thing - walking from place to place as if his legs wo n't bend .
but for now , the thing i ' m most afraid of is what might happen to us if we ca n't find dream floater .
he did n't have mind enough left to understand them , for one thing .
her legs , long and pretty ( the first things about her to attract herb back in the days when she had still been audrey garin ) , were stretched out before her , and peter almost stumbled over them in his sleepwalk to the front door .
the thing about tv - especially when the regulators or motokops 2200 was on - was that tak got interested , fell into its powerful dreams , and forgot to feed seth 's body .
she has to be sure , that 's the thing .
except for one thing : i ' ve been holding the ring ever since that first roadblock .
but novelty was n't the strangest thing about her .
she has this thing about ... holding hands . ''
one good thing about bixby was that people went to bed early .
the last thing she wanted was any more partying tonight .
that 's the nice thing about operating on monkeys .
it was the funniest thing , a cold head .
3 the first thing that ellis noticed was the smell : hot , damp , fetid - a dark warm animal smell .
for one thing , it was a question of size ; for another , a question of expense .
we were children , for one thing - children who had n't been through our rites of manhood yet .
she would have been four years older than eddie and four years younger than henry if she had lived , but that was the thing , you see , because she had n't lived .
the only thing jake knew for sure was that he was very , very tired , and if he did n't crawl into bed soon , he was going to fall asleep at his desk .
he came to a thin belt of younger trees ( alders , he thought , or perhaps beeches - he was a city boy , and the only thing he knew for sure about trees was that some had leaves and some had needles ) and discovered a path through them .
keeping a loaded gun in a locked desk drawer was one thing ; carrying one around new york city was quite another .
for one thing , he had n't seen another ash - tree since the day he had cut this particular piece of wood .
but mostly the thing that was fucking him up was just this : it was all or nothing .
it 's the one thing all those bastards have in common . ''
one thing i do know is this : the city 's an evil place , especially for this youngster .
` ` it means the same thing as my mother 's favorite saying . ''
and if you ever see me again , i 'll be the last thing you ever see .
the only thing about this splendid room which seemed wrong was its lack of even a single window .
the cold in san francisco was the one thing he powerfully resented , and he could never tell anyone why afterwards - that such a memory of southern warmth had inspired him to go out that day to san francisco 's ocean beach .
the one thing he had not found was a great and enduring love , but he knew this would come in time , and maybe then he would take his bride with him to visit his home , and he would n't be alone as he walked the cemetery paths or the old sidewalks .
' you see , the important thing about fetal tissue is , the recipient does n't reject it .
that was one thing rita really thought was funny about st ro 's .
and there was this other thing , this talent for knowing , i call it the diagnostic sense but it 's more than that , i laid my hands on her and even when she was in remission , i knew .
the last thing he wanted to do was argue with her .
she would really listen to you when you talked to her , that is one thing i always found rather unusual about her .
that 's one good thing about being this age .
' i 'll tell you one thing she loved to do , and she never tired of it , and that was to tell stories to the other girls they 'd gather around her at big recess , and she 'd keep them hanging on her every word until the bell rang and such stories they were that she told them ghost stories of old plantation houses full of horrible secrets , and people foully murdered , and of voodoo in the islands long years ago she knew stories of pirates , oh , they were the worst , the things she would tell about the pirates it was positively shocking and all this had the ring of truth to it , to hear her tell it but you knew she had to be making it up what did she know of the thoughts and feelings of some group of poor souls on a captured galleon in the hours before a brute of a pirate made them walk the plank ?
' we were always calling miss mary beth ' keep her home for a few days , ' we 'd ask for that was the thing about stella you could n't take it day in and day out nobody could take it .
the truly remarkable thing about this story is that the nurse said the baby could make the man appear one wonders if stella had any control over the situation and what would have been mary beth 's thoughts on the subject ?
but the thing about rowan is , she 's a real human being .
probably mary beth bought it and it was very much the thing . '
' but one thing did surprise me - that it was so beautiful ; so grand and yet so inviting , with all the windows opened and the sun coming in .
as it was , the older wing of a holiday inn was the only thing left .
i saw him looking at me through the bus window , and it was the strangest thing , aaron , it was as if he wanted to speak and to move and he could n't .
the thing we ' ve been talking about for two centuries .
for one thing , they were all male ; and some of the long bones had evidence of battle injuries .
like for one thing , there was this door with twelve knives stuck into it .
that equal - and - opposite - reaction thing again .
but in rex 's mind it boiled down to only one thing : before allowing him into her mind , melissa had shared herself with flyboy , whose existence was one long affront to rex 's authority .
the last thing she needed was the same thing from rex .
one thing about going through a windshield , it made it easy not to think .
one thing you can count on when visiting the nevernever : you do n't ever get bored .
he 's the next best thing to thirty pounds of cat , and when he hits me with his shoulder block of greeting i know it .
the only exceptional thing about his appearance was that there was nothing exceptional about his appearance .
the thing about playing a bluff is that you have to play it all the way out , even when it gets uncomfortable .
that was the thing about a soulgaze .
the last thing i needed was to endure another soulgaze now .
the only thing worse than scary is smart and scary .
` ` worst thing hurt was his pride , i think . ''
` ` the same thing .
he was wearing blue jeans pants , for one thing , and a pair of sneakers on his feet ... except they did n't look like any sneakers i 'd ever seen before .
for one thing , there 's been no need to go job - hunting in landry 's confusing , jet - propelled world ; his books apparently continue to sell very well , and i have no problem cashing the checks that come in the mail .
for one thing , the plane had n't been trying to land .
one thing that stuck with me was this : wish for sunshine , but build dykes .
there was such a thing as too many complications .
for one thing , she thought barbara had more taste .
for one thing , she was still quite young , no more than thirty , and pretty as the devil .
but the thing he was least crazy about was having to walk their golden retriever at nearly one in the morning .
because the behavior audrey had been exhibiting - the whining thing - was well documented .
i 'd think brought on by excitement and worry , but audi 's been doing that whining thing of hers for months . '
for one thing , the velocity would be greater .
' hard to take that seriously when the closest thing he can get to a uniform is a pair of bluejeans and a tee - shirt . '
if there was one thing big jim rennie was good at , it was nailing people .
for one thing , they 're marines .
knowing something failed is one thing ; actually seeing it fail is another .
fearful people need strong leaders , and if there 's one thing big jim pvennie knows he can provide , it 's strong leadership .
putting the fear of god into him is one thing .
that was ridiculous.the important thing about andrea was that she had been a twitchell before tommy grin - nell married her , and twitchells were tough , even the shy ones .
a faint smell , for one thing , as if food were spoiling in there .
but of course that was another thing about feeling it ; when you did have to pass the ball , on those infrequent occasions when you could n't shoot it yourself , you always passed it to the right person .
the last thing she wanted while she was still boiling was to talk to any more representatives of law and order as it now seemed to exist in chester 's mill .
you need to go to everett , because you got somethin wrong with you and he 's the closest thing we got to a doctor right now . '
that barbara had friends , powerful ones , on the outside was a thing big jim had n't questioned since seeing that letter from the president .
for one thing , she 's still caked with shit , he thought ... but that would n't go on the record .
one thing he 'd never had a problem with was judging human emotions .
the last thing he was aware of before the darkness took him again was the southern soldier kissing him on the cheek .
this was one thing he had missed about t'telir : restaurants .
but , oddly , the only thing she could think of was the melodic quality of his voice .
the thing is , people are n't simple .
the only thing they were accomplishing was annoying her .
if we fail , the only thing i lose is an employer . ''
the nice thing about breath is that you can always buy one off someone else . ''
` ` though , i must say that there is one thing about dear mercystar that positively annoys me . ''
the best thing about being locked in this beautiful prison is that you can do some good , you can change things .
it was the only thing she 'd had to eat in two days .
and he only asked one thing of us : to care for his power .
the strange thing about the samples in this piece of rawhide '' - he gestured with a mandibular extensor - ` ` is that its pattern is very ancient . ''
` ` the wacky thing about those bad guys is that you ca n't count on them to be obvious .
chapter twenty i ' ve been working as a detective in chicago for a while now , and there 's one thing you do a lot more than almost anything else : you find things that get lost .
it 's awful , really - but i do have to admit that there 's been one positive thing about the situation : i ' ve gotten in a lot of extra practice at combat wizardry .
` ` battle is one thing , '' ramirez said .
i 'd known that the beckitts set out to tear marcone down out of revenge for what the warring gangsters had done to their daughter - but knowing the story was one thing .
that 's been the only thing keeping him from acting sooner than he did .
it was the only non - black thing about her .
torrents of flame , blasts of force , and impenetrable bastions of will were sort of my thing .
in fact , he did n't stop at all , and it was the only thing that kept my second blast from immolating him .
men were funny , aye , so they were , and the most amusing thing about them was how little they knew it .
the only thing she could tell about the fellow for sure was that he wore a flat - brimmed hat , the sort she associated with men of the inner baronies , back when travel between east and west had been more common than it was now .
yet - and this was perhaps the most important thing - she no longer felt soiled .
the texture he felt as he stepped into the mayor 's house reception room was the sort of thing , roland reflected , that you did n't entirely miss when it was gone , because it slipped away quietly and painlessly .
instead , here they still were , one woman growing toward the end of her courses , thin , disapproving lips in a thin , disapproving face , tiny apple - breasts under her high - necked dresses with their choker collars ( the neck , she frequently told susan , is the first thing to go ) , her hair losing its former chestnut shine and showing wire - threads of gray ; the other young , intelligent , agile , and rounding toward the peak of her physical beauty .
they were n't great friends - they were of different classes , for one thing - but they rode together .
one thing she knew for sure was that no power on the face of the earth could have gotten her within the fence of this place without a friend close beside her .
hookey had been making lots of wheels and rims , for one thing , and someone must have been paying him to do it .
her temper had changed , for one thing - from the half - hysterical confusion in which she 'd left to a pleasant and happy - eyed calmness .
the first thing jonas noticed when he went inside was the pigeons , cooing in their cages .
he slipped the empty barrels into their carriers , looked into the kitchen once more to be sure he was n't being observed ( he was n't ; coral 's simple - minded tavern - boy was the last thing on anyone 's minds that morning ) , and then led capi not back the way they 'd come but along a path which led to seafront 's storage sheds .
the only thing he did want right now was to get the hell out of here .
the only thing she was aware of was his name - roland , roland , roland !
it was the one perfect thing any being was capable of and something he and his kind had had to fight their own design to regain .
her human weakness would be just another thing about her for him to despise .
the starflame was the last thing she had to remind her of her beloved grandfather .
particularly after jason had said that her tits were the one thing that was half - decent about her .
let 's just say love is the last thing he felt for me .
one thing was to be said for a bot as a lover ... the stamina was incredible .
instinct and the feeling in his gut told him that something bad was going down , and if he 'd learnt one thing during his long and brutal career as a combat cyborg , it was to trust the feeling in his gut .
there was such a thing as stealth in combat .
it 's the strangest thing about poetry - you can tell it 's poetry , even if you do n't speak the language .
there 's another good thing about a book of short stories : you do n't have to like them all .
i 'd cut the wires on my way in - in my profession there 's no such thing as being too careful .
` ` worst thing is not having anyone to play with . ''
but one thing i ' ve learned over the last two years is that things are never simple .
the last thing i needed was to have to try and remember all the details of our mission in the face of his unwavering disapproval .
the only thing more infuriating than playing second fiddle to the new kid on campus was when you 'd rescued the new kid and gotten no credit for it .
` ` the time agents care about one thing , and one thing only : the future .
but this early taste for crime fiction and fact is just about the least important thing about toby o'dare , so let me get back to the story to which i helped myself as soon as i fixed my inalterable gaze on him .
i figured there were many wonderful things for a little boy toby 's age to see on the west coast , disneyland , for one thing , and the park at universal studios , and other places of which i did n't know the names .
he lacked the hairline for one thing , and he also had larger and much darker blue eyes than either of the others , and whereas the old man expressed his concern in a devout manner , this young man seemed in the midst of breaking down .
you did n't have to buy petrol , for one thing .
` ` taller buildings , for one thing , '' said sister mary , desperately .
the only thing about anathema her teachers ever had the nerve to upbraid her for was her spelling , which was not so much appalling as 300 years too late .
* * * if there was one thing that mary hodges , formerly loquacious , was good at , it was attempting to obey orders .
she had n't ever realized that she 'd been an old woman , but after some thought she decided that titles like that were all one with the romance and the knitting and the orgasms , and the really important thing to be was yourself , just as hard as you could .
twenty .. seven people were got out of bed in quick succession and they got another fifty .. three out of bed , because if there is one thing a man wants to know when he 's woken up in a panic at 4:00 a.m. , it 's that he 's not alone .
and the thing about spending the rest of your life with him was , he would n't be around long enough to get on your nerves .
they both liked the world , for one thing , rather than viewing it simply as the board on which the cosmic game of chess was being played .
anyway ... explain this helicopter thing again , will you ? '' ]
` ` maybe i am , '' said crowley , in a tone of voice which he hoped made it quite clear that bluffing was the last thing on his mind .
that was skuzz , semi .. conscious , deciding that if there was one thing he hated even more than the french it was being up to his neck in fish with what felt like a broken leg .
they ' ve got better guns , for one thing , '' said newt .
the only thing strange about his surroundings was how familiar they were .
loyalty was a great thing , but no lieutenants should be forced to choose between their leader and a circus with elephants .
it was far away , but that was the only thing about it in which he could take any comfort .
that was the most chilling thing of all : the gentle compassion , the sweetness of that smile .
maybe there could be something strange about his face , a jason or freddy thing . ''
daddy said the best thing about the end of the world was no wasps and no moskitos .
` ` the sky above the city was a wonderful thing .
every man wants sex , but that 's not the only thing i want .
` ` ' hope is the thing with feathers . ' ''
it 's the single thing i envy most about you .
the thing i ca n't figure is , who the hell shot that footage ?
` ` the thing about leonard is , i can never figure out if he 's brilliant or potentially dangerous .
` ` the last thing i need is hammond yowling at me some more ; he leapt out at berkley this morning directly he had put his head out of doors , before he had even swallowed a bite of breakfast : i think the fellow do n't sleep . ''
the last thing a young gentleman requires is any encouragement in that direction . ''
that was far from the worst thing about fat charlie 's father .
which , fat charlie explained , after briefly choking on a brazil nut , was really the last thing you wanted at your wedding , after all , was n't it , your father turning up and being the life and soul of the party ?
in fact , said fat charlie in closing , the best thing about getting married was not having to invite his dad to their wedding .
and if there was one thing that he was definitely not feeling , it was guilty .
they sang ` ` bibbidi - bobbidi - boo '' and ` ` the wonderful thing about tiggers , '' and ` ` under the sea '' and ` ` heigh ho , heigh ho , it 's off to work we go , '' and even , under the impression that it was a disney song as well , ` ` we 're off to see the wizard . ''
he would sort everything out with grahame coats - after all , if there was one thing that fat charlie was certain of , it was the honesty of his own accounting .
the oddest thing , thought grahame coats , who was not given to self - inspection , was how normal and chipper and generally good he felt .
the thing about bicycling around the island , he thought , was that it gave you an appetite .
the important thing about songs is that they 're just like stories .
it was the last thing i heard before finally sinking into oblivion .
the second thing i noticed was the long , puckered scar that slashed beside it .
while battling those sybilins , drugs had been the last thing on my mind .
` ` how would you like this face to be the last thing you ever see ? ''
it was the closest thing she had ever had to a real home .
but the only thing we know is that clocktower 's back is against the wall .
one thing had bothered dorian since they had arrived : the lack of progress on the excavation .
time is one thing we do n't have . ''
to kate , landing was the same thing as flying , but she let it go .
but the pills are n't the thing i ' ve grown most attached to in the months since i left the hospital .
the first thing that catches my eye is an indention in the wall with four tubes , like massive oblong capsules or elongated mason jars , standing on their ends , running from the floor to the ceiling .
it was the only thing that brought her joy anymore .
he was all she wanted , the only thing in the world that mattered to her .
the first thing she saw was david 's eyes .
soon , he would take her , and take the last secret , the thing she held most dear , and her defeat would be complete .
however , one thing about janus stuck out in her mind above all else : he was the smartest person she had ever known .
cute - girl - i - saw - you - reading - on - the - subway kind of thing .
and then he 's got this new thing .
and the funny thing about miss savonarola was that , before the service , she was your favorite person in the world .
well , in baseball there 's this thing the statisticians call the three true outcomes .
the first thing ashley noticed about the council chamber was the floor .
thirty - two the first thing that struck jason as they got close to the base was the odor .
` ` you know what the worst thing about this situation is ?
that was the nice thing about that size of skywagon .
that was one thing about her fellow scientists .
` ` same thing , '' he muttered , and gestured his companions to continue down the street .
` ` it hardly weighs a thing ! ''
around the campfire , the flames were not the only thing heating up .
despite their differences , all the men had one thing in common : they were a hardened lot , marked by the jungle and forged in its bloody bower .
as he studied the giant , he realized one other thing about the tree .
the only thing darker was the kid 's demeanor as he eyed jack with a hard suspicion .
but there was one thing she still wanted .
and if jack knew one thing about hounds , it was that they never lost their nose for a good scent .
that was the good thing about em pulses .
the odd thing about the tiny jars was that they were plugged with asphalt , and from the top protruded a copper cylinder with an iron rod inside .
she also noted one other thing about the eyes .
if there is one thing a museum director at wewelsburg must be fluent with , it is rune lore . ''
the strange thing about the temple is that after it was constructed , all building stopped in the area . ''
gray realized one other thing .
the last thing he heard before being dragged underwater was a sharp cry from the girl .
the only thing that saved him from a broken neck , or at least a broken leg , was that the chamber he 'd fallen into was half filled with ice .
` ` the cold down here is the only thing that saved us .
the only thing that kept the skin on her body was the thick hydrophilic gel that covered her .
he could n't remember his name , but he knew one thing about the boy .
it was the only thing that kept her warm as the night had turned ever colder .
the beautiful thing about losing your illusions , he thought , was that you got to stop pretending .
i mean , you keep saying you do n't want to fight , but the other unique thing about my ship is that it 's the only one here with guns .
the first thing he became aware of was the ache at the small of his back , then the heaviness of his arms and legs , then the nausea .
that she had n't bothered and clearly did n't care was another thing he had learned about her tonight .
the chagrin on her face was the most reassuring thing he 'd seen in hours .
` ` but- '' ` ` funny thing , too .
the last thing she wanted was to appear weak to the natives .
` ` the same thing as always .
for one thing , he would n't have had the blood sugar to fuel thought .
the first thing bobbie thought was how hard it would be to clean , and the second thing was that the difficulty was intentional .
the only thing that made it bearable was a deeper knowledge - certain as bone - that none of it was true .
the only thing he regretted was that seeing what should have been clear had taken him so long .
the thing that had holden worried was the lack of people .
the nearest thing to an open area was the fitness center off the medical bay .
it was the thing that made clarissa and her mother most alike .
the only thing that matters is your name .
but the one important thing it had taken away was the value of subjective , personal experience .
the only thing more ridiculous than the message itself was the idea that it was coming from his ship .
the only thing he could n't imagine was why .
the only thing it had in common with miller was that it seemed to be focused on him .
the first thing he knew was a slightly different scent in the air .
the one thing the belters and inner planet naval people had in common was that none of them would be drinking thousand - dollar alcohol that night , but tilly would .
clanking softly through the massive space , that was the thing that haunted him .
` ` but the odd thing about desert varnish , '' raffee continued , ` ` is that it still remains unresolved how it forms .
when he went to the docks , the one thing no one would be paying attention to was the bright scales on his right head ridge .
that was the thing about luke .
they have the whole low - g physiology thing . ''
that thing where they 're oppressed by earth is just about the one thing they have in common .
and the thing i know about you , captain holden , is that you are not .
` ` jim has this thing about fair trials .
the first thing he noticed was that the simulated orbital paths looked different .
the world is a crime scene , and the one thing that stands out - the one thing that does n't belong - is the place that nothing goes .
that 's the thing about using complicated tools .
* * * fighting for his life , losing , the creature on top of him frenzied as it tried to tear his throat out , the only thing keeping ethan alive the crushing grip he had around the monster 's neck - squeezing , squeezing - but the thing had pure , brute strength .
he knows the answer , but it 's the same thing as with me ... same reason i keep checking my phone . ''
i was going to call you first thing . ''
` ` what 's the hardest thing about it ? ''
fire and tea and the closest thing to a restful night 's sleep as he could ever hope to experience in the wild .
it was freezing and dark and the last thing she remembered was leaving the hospital after her final therapy session of the day .
rising to his feet , he grabbed the flashlight and the hammer - the nearest thing to a weapon in his toolbox .
i protected these people and they lived the closest thing to normal lives that they could ever hope for .
` ` the scary thing in here , '' seth said around a mouthful of food , ` ` is that we could lose ground with a wrong turn and run right into the zombies . ''
seth picked up the brick of meat , the closest thing he had to a weapon .
` ` limiting what i get for christmas is one thing .
the first thing that struck him was the unnatural warmth .
for one thing , her parents thought she was dead .
` ` for one thing , it might have made the rule seem even less important . ''
` ` the only thing more alarming than what is in that cave will be your punishment if we somehow survive . ''
` ` for one thing , patton told them how the defenses protecting this area will collapse after we pass beyond the hedge .
believe me , the last thing i want is her blood on my hands .
the only thing sharp about the weed digger were the points at the end , so she would have to go with a puncture wound .
if there was one thing the alethi court enjoyed more than wine , it was gossip .
for one thing , nobody knew that the weeper was a woman .
no , a pen could never capture this thing perfectly , but she was close .
it was the only thing that made him feel alive any longer .
the knights radiant did have ideals - and they 'd called them that very thing .
as kaladin charged with dalinar and adolin , the last thing he heard of the group was king elhokar 's whimpering voice .
you wo n't take the only thing i have left of him ! ''
technically , she outranked eylita 's parents , but age was a funny thing among the lighteyes .
` ` the only thing is ...
the only thing she turned up was this form .
but one thing ... one thing had changed .
but one thing ... one thing had changed .
kaladin had thought his life terrible , but there was one thing he 'd had , and perhaps not cherished enough : parents who loved him .
that limitation is yet another thing that makes my psychologists salivate .
the only thing that kept her chest from being crushed by the weight of it all was the knowledge that , no matter what , she could n't possibly be any worse of a ruler than levana .
because if there was one thing cress knew about heroes , it was that they could not resist a damsel in distress .
the last thing she wanted was to be paired with wolf .
it was perhaps the one thing they had ever had in common .
one thing she knew for sure , though , was that she no longer needed to be rescued .
last thing i wanted was to get stuck a hundred miles away from callum .
his blank , emotionless demeanor had been my favorite thing about him .
working out had been the only thing riley enjoyed at harc .
nothing was sturdy , and the last thing i needed was to be buried alive in the middle of a dead city .
i had n't made the bed before we left , and it was the first thing my eyes found .
that kid was the closest thing i had to a friend in book mountain .
it was just the closest thing to an answer .
these things , too , we experienced together during our initial descent into the darkness : the air became cooler but also damp , and with the drop in temperature came a kind of gentle sweetness , as of a muted nectar .
the trees are not trees the birds are not birds and i am not me but just something that has been walking for a very long time ... '' this was really the only thing i discovered in him after his return : a deep and unending solitude , as if he had been granted a gift that he did n't know what to do with .
for one thing , in all of this i assumed that neither crawler nor tower was intelligent , in the sense of possessing free will .
for one thing , we never saw their journals ; instead , they offered up their accounts in long recorded interviews .
for one thing , who would believe me ?
that is one thing i prefer about the underground : the loss of self to your environment is almost as profound as orgasm or epiphany , your senses shattered , rippled , as fragmented and wide as the sky .
it was the only thing i 'd felt besides pain and sorrow in a long time .
{ that is another thing i will never forget about sirin : his ragged notes , the emissaries of authorial destruction . }
the one thing you had going for you was a kind of grim , lurching linear progression .
mary and sybel and i had one thing in common : none of us had succumbed to any of the fungal diseases that had so ravaged the general population as a side effect of the ceaseless bombardments .
yes , a similar sense of contentment , of ease , lingered over those conversations , but it became a more fleeting thing ; it did not last as long or affect me as powerfully .
the one thing humans , mian , and kireg had in common .
the last thing that i wanted was to think about my ' friend ' charlie giving me as a ' present ' to his lady - bug - friend .
the one thing all three life forms had in common was our need for oxygen .
the brown dirt appeared to be the only thing normal on our travel .
the one thing i knew for certain from my readings was when a mian called someone their own , they were brutal in their thoughts and actions to keep it that way .
' the nice thing about repetitions is that you sort of know what to expect .
in time , i began to laugh , too , and i realized that he was the closest thing to a friend i 'd ever had .
for one thing , he did n't command in the way i 'd heard the tolnedrans command their servants , but rather made suggestions .
for one thing , the light there was somehow different from the light in our own towers .
summers became dryer and hotter for one thing , and the winters became longer and colder .
the vast primeval forest on the northern edge of the vale began to thin out , for one thing , and it was replaced by grassland .
their solution gives him more worshipers , for one thing , and it 'll give him a much bigger army just in case belar ever finds a way to lead his alorns onto the mallorean continent .
it 's the oddest thing .
what is this thing women have about curtains ?
the one thing they all had in common was the fact that they steamed in the cold .
- i think that 's the thing that irritated me the most about my uninvited guest - he thought he was funny .
the chilling thing about the mask was the fact that the left eye slit was open , and torak 's left eye was the one thing that was still visibly burning .
the chilling thing about the mask was the fact that the left eye slit was open , and torak 's left eye was the one thing that was still visibly burning .
for one thing , i did n't have to keep a constant eye out for snakes anymore , and for another , i was n't continually trailing a cloud of mosquitoes .
this thing we call ` ` talent '' shows up in different ways in each of us .
it was dripping gravy all over my floor , for one thing , and it was n't quite fully done , for another .
the peculiar thing about the whole business in her case was the fact that she really did n't .
about the only good thing about it was the fact that after i was about fifty feet up , i could n't see the ground any more .
she lived longer , for one thing . '
' that 's the nice thing about leaving town in a hurry , dear child , ' i told her gaily .
more often than not his tankard held water instead of beer , for one thing , and he was a scholarly man for another .
' the algars do n't have towns to defend , for one thing , and they ' ve got the finest horses in the world , for another .
' it 's closer to the battleground , for one thing , and that 's where the tolnedran generals are , for another . '
the thing that baffled us the most was the fact that urvon was n't moving .
that 's the nice thing about dealing with the orb .
they had n't expected it , for one thing , since there was no real reason for it .
' what 's the first thing you notice about her ? '
he assured me that all nadraks despised murgos , for one thing , and that they felt much the same way about malloreans .
i think the thing that makes the capital so unappealing is the fact that just about everything inside the walls is smeared with tar .
she was most definitely not a hag , for one thing , and i ' m fairly sure that she did n't go out of her way to lure unwary travelers into quicksand bogs , for another .
the one thing that i did perceive , however , was the fact that this lonely old woman had been treated very badly at some time in the past .
the death of darral should have alerted us , for one thing .
i think that the only thing that pulled me back from that fatal mistake was the fact that i wanted to kill that murderous grolim with my bare hands .
the thing that disturbed ce'nedra the most was the disconcertingly direct way poledra had of looking at people .
do n't you know by now that there 's no such thing as privacy among wolves ?
the important thing in our lives from the moment that our awareness had awakened , though , had been the presence of mother 's thought , and as long as that would still be with us we were sure that we 'd be all right .
one other thing as well .
she kept offering me the use of the bath - house , for one thing .
beldaran 's disposition was sunny , and mine was n't , for one thing .
the murgo would n't be expecting it , for one thing .
i absolutely insisted that they keep their villages tidy , for one thing , and laborers eager to get to the nearest tavern after work did n't much enjoy picking up their tools before they went off to celebrate .
about the only good thing about my failure in vo astur was the fact that it persuaded my handsome champion that i was not omnipotent .
the important thing about a war is winning it , and we will win this one .
for one thing , it would lift the spirits of the wacite refugees crowding the southern reaches of my domain , and by extension would also cheer up the native inhabitants .
the only thing that interests me about that place is its location . '
' you know , ' he said , ' that 's the one thing that 's always made me skeptical when i hear stories about you and your father .
for the most part , they ' ve all had that same sandy blond hair , for one thing .
the only good thing about a lingering illness lies in the fact that it prepares the family for the inevitable .
aside from the more obvious physical differences , that may be the one thing that most distinguishes men from women .
honesty 's a nice enough thing , i suppose , but i ' ve never let it interfere when i was doing something important .
a lot of home remedies actually do work , but the one thing they all have in common , whether they work or not , is their universally foul taste .
she had no trace of sally 's endearing vulnerability , for one thing .
you 're not a nadrak , for one thing .
what is this thing men have with the number ten ?
the thing that struck me the most about him was the fact that there was quite probably nobody in the entire world more free than this solitary old man in the mountains .
' why yes , ' beltira agreed , ' now that you mention it , we ' ve noticed the same thing ourselves .
mother had this thing about clean ears .
the really keen thing about having wolf sleep with him was how warm wolf was .
' we all know pondia subat for the scheming incompetent he really is , but the only thing that most baffles me about your ` ` cyrga affair '' is its consistent attempt to elevate the styric renegade zalasta to near sainthood .
it was possibly the only thing about him that i admired . '
they 're predictable , for one thing . '
it had three streets , for one thing , and at least six buildings of more than one story , for another .
the tables were much lower , for one thing , and here the room was heated by a porcelain stove rather than a fireplace .
that is a strange thing to be called . '
they had their hands tied , for one thing , and the fellow i talked with said that they were a little bedraggled , but they did n't really look like tavern wenches .
the brightness of noon was dimmed to twilight , for one thing , and the citizens of sopal seemed to walk about their town with a fast , jerky kind of movement , for another .
we have a couple of senses that you do n't , though , so we know when others are around , for one thing , and we know when they 're doing things - tampering , if you want to call it that - for another .
' the bones are older , for one thing , ' necessity had compelled them to camp in the hideous boneyard the previous night , and they were all eager to reach the end of the horror .
' they 're wearing cloaks , for one thing , ' talen replied , ' and they ' ve got a sort of emblem on their breastplates .
vanion would have hunted you down eventually , but death is a little thing , and once it 's over , it 's over .
' the thing that puzzles me the most is the rather garbled message i got from my brother , ' oscagne confessed .
flute was more authoritarian , for one thing , and she did n't seem to have danae 's whimsical sense of humor .
time and distance mean the same thing when you 're traveling . '
' they know where we are , for one thing , ' talen offered .
' there 's a styric working with our enemy , for one thing , and he 's highly skilled .
' bribes are always the first thing on the mind of any official anywhere in the world .
the gold we get from the king for zemoch ears is owned by all the people in common , so about the only thing we peloi men own are our weapons and our horses .
' you know , ' she smiled , ' i ' ve noticed the exact same thing myself .
' we noted that self - same thing ourselves , sir kalten , ' she replied without so much as a smile , ' so we conceal the sky instead .
the thing that startled them and raised those vestigial hackles of superstitious awe along the backs of their necks was the fact that the lake glowed in the lowering twilight .
that 's the only thing he really wants . '
the only thing that makes your plan workable at all is the fact that it 's going to be a total surprise .
' to get them off the streets , for one thing .
' it 's the same thing as it was last month , ' mirtai assured the little girl 's worried parents .
' they would n't be expecting it ; that 's one thing , ' itagne noted .
the demonstrators were not high - spirited schoolboys , for one thing , and domestic tranquillity did not return when classes at the universities resumed .
it feels different for one thing , and this time it 's not just ehlana and i who see it .
' i ' ve noticed the same sort of thing myself , ' emban agreed .
' he 's probably the closest thing to a saint i ' ve ever seen , and i did n't even get his name .
she seemed more open , for one thing .
that 's the nice thing about being universally adored . '
' the bad thing about a canyon is that you 're down in a hole , ' kalten said .
maybe this shadow 's the same sort of thing - a kind of socially unacceptable offensiveness , like bad breath or poor table - manners . '
the tents were larger , for one thing , and they were stretched over pole frames .
boktor smells better for one thing . '
' i ' ve never seen you under arms , for one thing . '
' gross stupidity for one thing .
about the only other thing unusual about it was the fact that a fair number of non - alorn monarchs attended . ''
` ` we were in the middle of a busy street for one thing .
that 's the peculiar thing about the mallorean gospels .
` ` well , for one thing , zandramas is ahead of us again , '' garion replied .
human beings ca n't possibly hope to imitate that sort of thing . ''
` ` the nice thing about zandramas is her predictability , '' silk murmured to garion .
` ` that , for one thing , '' polgara replied .
the ears are n't big enough , for one thing , and the tail is much too long . ''
i know what a horse is thinking , and about the only thing that colt was feeling when errand got on his back was curiosity .
` ` one of the things you 'll learn as you grow older , garion , '' she said to him , gravely looking out at the snowy garden , ` ` is patience .
the sheer volume of the documents he was obliged to read was intimidating , for one thing , and this gloomy little room with its smell of ancient parchment and mildewed leather bindings always depressed him .
they had to retrieve talen for one thing , and ships are hard to come by on deserted shores .
he 's violently opposed to our using magic , for one thing . '
there were no elenian noblewomen in chyrellos to attend ehlana , for one thing .
his loyalty to the church was one thing - a commandment from god .
i noticed the same thing last night . ''
` ` it was the oddest thing .
` ` some things came up , '' sparhawk said , fastening vanion 's black cape to his shoulder - plates , ` ` - wargun for one thing .
` ` he 's the closest thing to an honest man on the royal council , and he 's attending some kind of conference at the palace .
' that 's one thing we all have in common then .
there was less colour here , for one thing .
they 're more reliable , for one thing , and elenes have always been suspicious of magic but darestim is so potent that none of the customary antidotes have any effect .
` ` that 's one of the things you should know about the north country .
he was too well - known , for one thing , and , since he 'd gained his position in the temple by making speeches , he probably would n't care to listen to speeches delivered by someone else .
` ` the best thing about a sunset is that it means supper - time , and i ' m starting to get very hungry . ''
that was the one thing about sailing that andar did n't like .
so far as andar could tell , the town that appeared to have grown up around aracia 's temple was the closest thing to a city in the entire land of dhrall .
evidently , water 's the only thing they drink . ''
` ` the one thing about lillabeth 's dream that has me completely baffled is ' the plague that is not a plague , ' big brother , '' zelana said after they 'd returned to dahlaine 's main chamber .
that was the thing about caves that bothered trenicia the most .
the nice thing about that sort of arrangement is that it 's a lot quieter than the other kind of matings .
i guess the thing that disturbs them the most is how fast this disease kills people .
i was quite sure that gate would be about the first thing you 'd want to see , so we went ahead and got it set up .
` ` the main thing in any war is winning , trenicia , '' narasan reminded her .
that 's another thing that kept cropping up as well .
the thing that none of them seemed to realize was that jalkan 's comments had been intended as compliments .
astal had been the closest thing to a son narasan would ever have , and he 'd pushed the boy into situations he had n't yet been ready for as a way to boost his own image .
the thing that had really disturbed skell during the war in lady zelana 's domain had been their alliance with the trogs .
' the vlagh 's accustomed to dealing with large numbers of servants , and there 's no such thing as independent thought among its creatures . '
the funny thing about it was that the spear point was n't iron .
his sudden celebrity as ` ` the little fellow who helped longbow that night '' had given his ego quite a boost , there was no question about that , but celebrity was the last thing rabbit really wanted .
i guess that the only good thing about being young is that you 'll get over it - eventually . ''
` ` you would n't believe how many other people have noticed the same thing , '' rabbit replied sourly .
` ` you know , i ' ve noticed the same thing myself , '' sorgan said .
` ` the best thing about it is probably those rounded hills .
` ` funny thing about that sword of yours , '' the shabby old man added shrewdly .
for one thing , the trails they followed had no sense of permanence about them .
they were more open for one thing - less surly and distinctly less belligerent .
barak was not with them , for one thing , and the big , red - bearded cherek 's absence made garion feel oddly insecure .
her calm , steady presence had been the one thing to which he had always clung .
both families were southern , for one thing , and the anadiles usually sided with the borunes in disputes with the powerful families of the north .
one thing i ' ve noticed about issus - he 's a simple , uncomplicated man .
she was nearly his own age , for one thing , and she seemed immediately to fill that void that had always been there .
she 's given up every single thing that 's ever been important to her for me .
for one thing , the great bed in the royal apartments to which he had been escorted the previous evening was definitely uncomfortable .
for one thing , he was totally incapable of giving orders ; for another , he discovered that he had absolutely no time to himself and that he had not the faintest idea of how to dismiss the servants who continually hovered near him .
` ` they ' ve begun creating chapters among the peasants , for one thing . ''
the channels were narrower , for one thing , and they twisted and turned more frequently .
that 's the main thing about sorcery .
` ` well- '' ` ` you spent all that time studying history and missed the one thing all great leaders have had in common ?
for one thing , ce'nedra was awed by the lady 's spectacular beauty .
the one thing that bothered him the most was the crushing responsibility his unwanted talent placed upon him .
` ` the thing i ca n't understand , though , is why he 'd want to do it .
relg 's air of confidence as he led them was the only thing that kept garion from giving in to unreasoning panic .
it 's a wicked city full of wicked people , and money 's the only thing that matters . ''
for one thing , she was taller than the other women on faldor 's farm - very nearly as tall as a man - and her face was always serious - even sternexcept with him , of course .
the most notable thing about doroon was the fact that he was always running ; he never walked if he could run .
the only thing which made that spring any different from any other was the arrival of brill , the new hand .
` ` murgos are one thing , '' wolf said grimly , ` ` but grolims are quite something else .
for one thing , it 's not so ... dim and dark all the time .
his dark gaze , focused on me from beneath the ever - present cap , was the last thing i saw before darkness enveloped me .
instinct told me i was correct in my suspicions , even though the ankh looked nothing like lady isabella - she was taller , for one thing .
the last thing i wanted to remember seeing before i died was mina holmes , silently lecturing me about the mess she 'd gotten herself into .
the only thing i risked by being here was my reputation .
the last thing i heard was his silky chuckle coming from the darkness .
the only thing that will matter is finding food , shelter , and clothing .
her big boobs were the only thing keeping her from looking very boyish .
the last thing i remembered seeing as i fell to my side and my head hit the ground , was gail 's body flying backwards and landing against the lobby door .
that she would offer was one thing , but the fact that her face and tone were dead serious and that she was actually going to do it , was nothing short of amazing .
` ` yeah , that 's the thing .
the only thing keeping us from falling fifteen feet down to the ground below was the branch above our heads that we both gripped onto with our other hands .
the sound of fohi 's tire treads on the ground were the only things competing with the buzzing of the cicadas , busy humming in the night , sounding like they were piled by the thousands in the groups of trees we were riding by on our way into town .
it 's like ... the only thing missing . ''
i felt like a military commander or something , but i knew tough love was the only thing that would get him going .
the last thing i remembered thinking before i fell into a thankfully dreamless sleep was the fact that we 'd finally found our safe haven .
but no matter how crappy and exhausted and worn down they appeared , there was one thing that this cruel world had not taken away from them yet .
that was one thing that made bodo different .
my face was already on fire with just bodo and i knowing that the last thing he claimed was missing from the day was a kiss from me , one second before he planted his warm lips on mine .
he pulled the shirt from his right side with his left , wincing with the pain and dropping it on the ground , now giving me an eyeful of the closest thing to male perfection that i was probably ever going to see .
` ` that 's one thing we ' ve always shared between us .
i had just found out that bodo has this amazing thing about him , this huge thing in his life , and he 'd kept it blocked off from me .
the only thing that indicated she had just been in a fight was her heavy breathing and messed up hair , but she quickly put it back to rights , turning to smile at her partner who was slowly getting up from the ground .
the first thing i heard other than my own voice was peter laughing and buster barking his ass off .
i finally calmed down , that stupid word he kept saying being the thing that got my attention enough to control my hysteria .
the last thing he took out was a tall container of pringles .
i shifted to my left before turning , and i ' m pretty sure that 's the only thing that saved my life .
the truth was , canners were the first thing that had jumped into my mind too .
if he 'd learned one thing during his travels , it 's that real war was far from glamorous .
it was a thing that he 'd never be able to explain and would probably never feel again .
but there was one thing he 'd come to understand , and it was hard - won wisdom : rarely were there true winners in a battle - what with the lives lost , injuries sustained , and loved ones devastated .
the first thing he noticed was the dimming of the lights .
i ' m not ... who i used to be , for one thing . ''
it was the last thing in the world he wanted .
that was a little thing , in summer ; in winter , it was the difference between life and death .
that was another thing he liked about climbing ; it was almost like being invisible .
stannis and renly are one thing , and eddard stark is quite another .
her bedchamber was the only place that arya liked in all of king 's landing , and the thing she liked best about it was the door , a massive slab of dark oak with black iron bands .
that was the saddest thing , the thing that tore at her afterward ... the way he smiled .
` ` your blood is the last thing i desire . ''
` ` one thing has n't changed , '' ser mallador locke insisted .
squat , kettle - bellied woth had pulled an oar on a galley once , which made him the next best thing they had to a sailor , so yoren told him to take them down to the lakefront and see if they could find a boat .
the only thing that mattered was that they had gendry .
` ` the best thing about a rain like this , it saves a man from taking baths . ''
yet there was one thing to be said for it .
edmure 's anger had always been a sulky , sullen thing .
but this was the red keep , this was king 's landing , this was the court of king joffrey baratheon , the first of his name , and if there was one thing that sansa stark had learned here , it was mistrust .
the last thing we need is men hunting us . ''
the only good thing about it was that it was so delicate that no one could expect her to ride in it .
where his legs joined , his man 's staff poked up stiff and hard from a thicket of coarse yellow hair , but it was the only thing about him that was straight .
` ` the last thing we need is the mountain at our backs when we start up the causeway , '' said robb .
the last thing she felt just now was bawdy .
that was the only thing he liked about the kitchens , though .
it was the nearest thing to a boulder they were going to get .
the thing that surprised dany most was how unsurprised she was .
thick of waist , round of shoulder , with a square jutting chin that his close - cropped yellow beard did little to conceal , he reminded her of some old mastiff ... but a faithful old mastiff was the very thing that she required .
ser cedric payne had been the nearest thing to a parent the boy had ever known , though from his stammered stories it seemed to brienne that cousin cedric had treated podrick more like a servant than a son .
` ` only thing , well , the place i sent them , been no ships there for a while .
` ` the only thing these captains proved was that they know how to swim , '' she 'd said .
qyburn had brought her reports of their numbers , but hearing about them was one thing and seeing them another .
` ` resolve is one thing brynden blackfish never lacked for .
tywin claimed the only thing merryweather was good for was chuckling at the king 's witticisms .
knowing what needed to be done was one thing , though ; knowing how to do it was another .
gendry was the closest thing to a man grown , but it was willow shouting all the orders , as if she were a queen in her castle and the other children were no more than servants .
his lips were wide and meaty , but the thing men noticed first about him were his eyes .
being randy is the next best thing to being drunk , he decided .
he washed it down with the pale green volantene liquor , the closest thing he 'd had to wine for ages .
` ` and now we ride , '' the tattered prince proclaimed from his huge grey war - horse , in a classic high valyrian that was the closest thing they had to a company tongue .
it was still the first thing she looked for whenever she gazed into a fire .
suffering was the only thing they did not lack .
the nearest thing to a home that remained to him was here , amongst the bones of winterfell .
` ` pretty meris , '' her captain named her , though pretty was the last thing dany would have called her .
those flames on her crown are the warmest thing about her .
the most insidious thing about bondage was how easy it was to grow accustomed to it .
but words in a book were one thing .
the old man 's hands were the worst thing about him , cat decided the next day , as she watched him from behind her barrow .
the main thing was to show no fear .
but if there 's one thing i ' ve learned from living on the streets , it 's to keep details about myself secret .
if there 's one good thing about the republic , it 's that they indulge eden 's love for building stuff .
i shiver as i detect a faint hint of fear in his words - another thing i rarely hear .
` ` if there 's one thing i know about you , '' he says , ` ` it 's that you 're not selfish . ''
dreading the possibility is one thing ; hearing it spelled out to me and then using it to blackmail me is another .
the cracks in all the slum sector roads are good for one thing - here and there i see patches of sea daisies growing haphazardly , little spots of turquoise and green on an otherwise gray street .
if there 's one thing anden excels at , even more than day , it 's understanding where i ' m coming from .
last thing i need right now is to have my hair blowing around like a beacon for anyone on the ground to see .
the only thing running through my head is the memory of my desperate prayer over day 's wounded body , the promise i had offered up to the heavens in exchange for his life .
the first thing i notice is a slender figure seated on the edge of a bed , her knees tucked up to her chin .
the only thing distinguishing us is a white band on our left ( instead of right ) arms .
after my release from the hospital , soldiers escorted me by jeep here to the oxford high - rise - and the first thing i saw when i stepped inside was ollie , his tail wagging like crazy , his nose pushing eagerly into my hand .
the last thing i see is the silhouette of a girl off in the distance .
` ` money is the most important thing in the world , you know .
going around urbana adds a few miles , but the only thing riskier than navigating a town during the day is trying it at night .
the only thing more excruciating than the boredom of those hours was the terror of knowing that any minute they could end .
the disturbing thing to me is why .
that 's the thing about faith .
the monster gazed at marie - josephe with intense gold eyes , the only thing of beauty about it .
a long hallway is the first thing he sees .
that had been the other great thing about gudmund since that surprising spring night at the end of junior year when they had become more than just friends .
he 'll never forget the man 's face , for one thing , or the prison jumpsuit .
the only thing not covered on the man 's face is his mouth , which has a guard fitted between his teeth with a tube attached to the end of it , supplying food or oxygen or water , seth guesses , but who could say for sure ?
that 's the thing , tho .
that 's the thing i ' m learning about being thrown out on yer own .
the first thing i need is a stick .
that 's another thing about noise .
` ` the only thing that makes me a man , '' ben says , his voice steady as a rock , ` ` is seeing you safely into becoming a man yerself . ''
` ` but i will say also on yer first day that the attractiveness of power is something you should learn about before you get too much older , it 's the thing that separates men from boys , tho not in the way most men think .
cuz i see viola looking back to me as we run and there 's brightness on her face and she keeps urging me on with tilts of her head and smiles and i think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward , may be the thing that keeps you going , but that it 's dangerous , too , that it 's painful and risky , that it 's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare ?
the sunlight thru the falls casts waves of watery light over her face but that 's the only thing on it that moves .
the first thing i ever see is skin and so i know it well .
her smile is the last thing i see before i sleep .
that 's the thing about him , why they wanted him so bad .
mr . hammar 's got his smile on , that nasty thing that hardly ever leaves his face .
the only thing in his noise is me holding a gun on him .
i close my eyes at the pop and i do n't see where i shot cuz there 's too much smoke already in the air and there 's spackle falling and men calling out on either side and angharrad screaming and pressing forward anyway and the spackle armour cracking and bursting under repeated fire and more arrows and white sticks and i ' m so terrified i ca n't even breathe and i ' m just firing my gun and firing my gun , not even seeing where the bullets are going- and the spackle keep coming , climbing over the bodies of soldiers , and their noises are wide open and so are the noises of every soldier and it 's like a thousand wars at once , not just the one i ' m seeing but ones happening over and over again in the noise of the men and the spackle round me till the air and the sky and my brain and my soul are filled with war and i ' m bleeding it outta my ears and spitting it outta my mouth and it 's like it 's the only thing i ever knew , the only thing i can ever remember , the only thing that 's ever gon na happen to me- and there 's a fizzing sound and a burning feeling in my arm and i instinctively lean away from it but i see a spackle with one of those white sticks pointed at me and i see the cloth from my uniform burning away in a foul - smelling steam and the skin under it feeling like it 's been slapped and i realize if i 'd been two centimetres over i 'd have probably just lost my arm and- bang !
every man in the army felt the same thing , todd .
out of this whole planet , you 're the only thing that matters . ''
it is the thing that marks me as the return , the thing that keeps me for ever separate from the land as they chant around me , raising their single voice in a language the clearing will understand .
and i know another blast 's coming so i do it the old - fashioned way before he can gather himself- i jump at him , pushing hard with my feet and leaping out- he ai n't expecting it and i hit him about waist - height , knocking us back into the screens- ( where the river 's still shooting down the valley- ) ( where viola ai n't nowhere to be seen- ) and he slams into 'em with a grunt , my weight against him , and i pull back my fist to punch him- and there 's a light tap on my neck- just light as a touch- and there 's something sticking to me and i put my hand to it- a bandage- the thing he was carrying- ` ` sleep tight , '' he grins down at me- and i fall to the floor and the screens full of water are the last things i see- { viola } ` ` acorn ! ''
` ` oh , cowardice is one thing you could never accuse me of , todd . ''
for its part , the clenched jaw seemed unlikely to contain another outburst , as ashley found himself confronting again the one thing he despised above all else - waiting .
for one thing , he doubted he could hoist a rock or tree of sufficient heft .
as they walked into the camp , horses were not the only thing absent .
but hey , time is one thing i ' ve got .
the one thing i have going for me is that energy is not a problem .
the main thing i had watch was the temperature .
` ` thing is , '' chuck continued , ` ` without the dish , a signal would have to be really strong- '' ` ` like , melting - the - pigeons strong- '' morris supplied .
and if there 's one thing ares vallis has , it 's rocks !
the first thing i did when i got in was wave my arms wildly while running in circles .
if i ' ve learned one thing from my stay at club mars , it 's that everything can be useful .
the main thing is the water .
one nice thing about living in a multi - billion dollar mansion on mars : access to pure oxygen .
the cool thing about eva suits is they have cameras recording everything they see .
the weird thing about writing for people in the future is that you do n't know how much you need to explain .
it was enormous , for one thing .
now , the thing about happy mouse kingdom , if you do n't already know , is that some things are smaller than normal , and some things are bigger .
we had passed all the buildings and skyscrapers , and now it was the only thing you noticed : there was an immense purple planetary sphere in the air , like a pimple on the nose of the sky .
` ` the most important thing is to not give it back . ''
there was a red x on his forehead , getting larger , and it was the only thing that moved .
the only thing i cared about was making her eternally mine .
i wanted to be angry and indignant but the only thing i really felt was pain and disappointment almost to the level of anguish .
but the one thing i wanted the most was gone .
the funny thing was , i was stronger than the majority of them and i still had my wolf unlike most of them .
the only thing we knew for sure was it was contained to our pack .
the last thing i remember thinking before my world went black was how could both my heart and soul be wrong ?
devils face was the last thing on earth jack might have wished to see , especially without a mask .
devil replied first thing to consider is , jack had sold his soul to me ; so he will be nothing more than a puppet .
her face would have been the last thing mr . santa might have wished to see .
on entering the factory , the first thing mr . santa noticed was that nobody had bothered to arrange the furniture and raw materials .
the thing is , no matter how weird the angels answer was , at least it demonstrated a connection between him and the number one - hundred and fty - three .
there s all that thing about travelling back into the past being impossible !
her manners were the only thing keeping her from digging into the food .
his freedom was the one thing that he desired most and the one thing that the sorceress would never give him .
the thing she had noticed the most though was their eyes .
that was the only thing that was the same on them .
the first thing that came to mind was the mermaids .
the one thing triston knew was that he had to find her .
water seemed to be the thing that came to her easiest before , so she figured that would be a good thing to practice on and try to control .
water seemed to be the thing that came to her easiest before , so she figured that would be a good thing to practice on and try to control .
the thought of making a wave was the first thing that came to her , so she decided to open her eyes and make it happen .
with the heels and purse , and especially with the lovely addition of her grandmothers rubies , they all had to admit the only thing lacking to complete the perfect picture of a princess was a crown .
stacys favorite gift ended up being from arthurgood thing emily had talked her into getting him something .
the thing is i need someone to break the ice her voice trailed off and her eyes got a distant day dreamy look .
one thing i can guarantee is that the feelings you have described that you have for darius , i felt the same way about jack .
the first thing she saw were the roses he had given her in various stages of decay .
when she opened her eyes the first thing she saw was the shroud - face of jesus - pantocrator , his eyes glowing softly as he looked down upon her .
the drive was four hours to tree tops and it was already three in the afternoon , another thing you should know about me is that i do n't do mornings .
his hands we in my hair , running through it , he always told me never to cut my hair because it was his favourite thing about me .
they made her smile , which , in the meadow , was the only thing that mattered .
haven 's head fell back onto the seat and the last thing she saw before passing out was the clear blue sky through the sunroof .
the only thing bothering colton about the entire experience was reece .
` ` hiding is the only thing that has kept us alive for so long , '' said corva .
the cars headlights are the only thing preventing total darkness .
he does this quivering thing with his eyebrows .
besides , you got ta admit the thing with your last name is strange .
about the only useful thing my mom taught me is to beware of strangers .
this lack of wheels thing is getting me down .
` ` one thing is allowing our children to date , and it 's entirely another thing for us to make up , '' states my mom .
the thing is is that i was acting up because i was so unhappy with my life that i criticized everything including them constantly . ''
falling it was the first thing he felt as he descended from the heavens .
besides , there is no such thing as overkill when fighting evil .
its the strangest thing .
the first thing he saw was the limp , lifeless body of a young woman lying on the floor .
as much as he hated her now , he knew palva was the closest thing to an ally he had .
she would be the last thing they would see before they died , and they would die in a paralyzing fear .
anyway , palva did nt believe the stories about xelindand the one thing tir knew was that palva was always right .
another thing that struck alanki as strange was the fact that none of the wolves had any hostile reaction to her being there .
i want to run , to run away and never see anything againbut i ca nt let myself , partly because all i m running from is myself and that s impossible , and partly because determination is at least the only good thing left in me , if i ve lost all else .
she talked about every single thing important in her life .
the whole taint thing is unique .
last thing he needs is a sick and sneezing bathing beauty since he plans to collect on that thank you promise after a proper introduction and probably some food.tomorrow as drake grunts like a wounded animal pondering that ash and josh ai nt going to believe this beautiful day dream .
for one thing , the airs a lot better than that filth you were breathing before in the city .
her short slick white hair was the only seemingly normal looking thing about her .
all the mystics that came out had one thing in commontheir eyes burned with hate .
well , at least we have one thing in common , zoey answered , just as coldly .
he has this thing about being completely honest with her .
i ' ve always had this weird static thing .
not that it 's a big deal or anything , '' i added quickly , not wanting to sound like i was groping for another similarity between us , in addition to the static thing .
i know you ' ve noticed that , er , thing when we touch . ''
unfortunately , that meant asking to use uncle louie 's computer , since they refused to buy me a laptop or tablet because of my static thing .
for one thing , the nausea and aches had been getting worse and worse as the week went on .
and the last thing i ever want to do is to hurt you . ''
` ` your safety should be the only thing that matters , but '' he ran a hand up my arm , leaving a delicious tingle in its wake ` ` the idea of them taking you away somewhere i ca n't follow , ca n't protect you .
he wo n't know what smith has told us , for one thing .
frowning , i tossed my glittery barrette , the last thing i needed , into the bag and went back to the window .
love is the last thing either of them needs just now , but when was love ever wise ?
his smile was the last thing i saw as grace and i left heaven .
i d already given up the one thing i d lived for .
i guess this is another thing i will never grow accustomed to .
we step into the room , the walls are the first thing i notice , they are plastered with photographs , the chronicles of gemmas life , there are pictures of her in school , with her friends on the beach , with her family in foreign countries , pictures of different places she visited along with pictures of her as a child .
the first thing i grab though are my white sports runners , my navy vans and white converse that sit neatly in the bottom corner of my wardrobe .
you once told me that the one thing that differentiates us from them is our humanity .
the last thing susan remembered before everything went black was a mushroom cloud blooming like a hellish flower on the horizon and the unbearable heat that followed * * * when the sisters opened their eyes again , they were back in the library .
the best thing about being here was that they did nt have to say or do anything .
there s still one itty - bitty thing missin .
but that was nt the only thing about frost that bothered him .
the one thing shed not grown immune to was the smell .
one thing to remember when you re waiting tables at your owners diner is that there re two sides to the menu .
baird crossed his arms over his chest and faced his sister a thing he did when he demanded her full attention .
fact is , there are bad masters out there who do buy wayward girls for one thing .
she shook off all thoughts of the vemreaux , putting out of her mind his scent , his lips , his touch , his hard chest , and all the other things about him that proved a horrid distraction to her superior control .
the thing is , she s never been able to kill someone without blacking out .
blue was confused at this repeat of chivalry , which was a new thing for her .
baird would not have approved of the obvious coddling , but some nights , elles sisterly love was the only thing that kept blue from losing herself completely .
he s the only thing she wants , other than to keep us all safe .
he does this thing when he s talking about someone or something that he s trying to distance himself from .
it felt like he had nt eaten in days , yet food had been the last thing on his mind at that moment .
the only thing that remained within him was the desire to reach out and take havens hand , to tell her it was going to be okay .
the only thing i remember about my dreams is the shining of the stars .
jack could feel her discomfort , but he did nt break the silence , only squeezed her hand , letting her remember that he was near , knowing that his presence was the only thing that comforted the girl and gave her the strength to continue going .
she had wavy hair , her neck was long and refined , hands and waist slender , but the fog hid the rest , and the gaitthat strange gaitwas the only thing that gave away her true image .
they were the only thing that mattered , the only reason he was still bearing that pain and was nt letting go .
i sure knew one thing about coming here .
it was such a reoccurring thing around him .
he lived in the building on one side of the alley and the pickle would be the first thing he had eaten since breakfast .
the last thing he wanted to see was the mean two - headed dragon again .
why these two were growing together meant only one thing to me : concealment .
one thing i will give bastion , though , was he was no fool .
chapter 13 just say no to bullying the first thing venk noticed was that the owner of the voice was wearing a set of narian armor that was encrusted with glittering diamonds and sapphires .
the second thing venk noticed was a large device set up on a tripod .
it was the thing about her i admired the most .
he asked , biting his lip , which he always did when he was nervous , and which i thought was just about the cutest thing ever .
now the lack of air was nt the only thing setting me on fire .
moisture was nt the only thing owen had left though .
i was sitting in school one day , thinking about how the only thing that hurt worse than my ankle was my damn heart , when this awesome , adorable , mousy girl who i had been sitting in front of the entire year and had nt even taken the time to learn her name , tapped me on the shoulder and told me everything was going to be okay .
though , the thing about me that mom always said reminded me most of dad had nothing to do with the way we looked , and everything to do with our stubbornness .
he turned to me , his face changing from angry to that total calm thing that is so much scarier .
the first thing he saw was a clear blue sky through the glass ceiling .
i was cranky , and the last thing i needed was to hear any more drama about deanna .
owls were nocturnal so i imagined it was possible , although , i was a city girl and did nt know the first thing about birds , other than they pooped , a lot , whenever they felt like it .
funny thing is , they usually tip better , she said , because they re drunk and feeling extra generous .
the most disturbing thing about this article is the photos of the girls .
no , that s another thing that s still bothering me .
hey , the only thing i m crazy about , is you .
the only royal thing about him is that he s a royal pain in the i ca nt wait to see your fathers face .
the only thing that mattered was that they were alive and breathing .
they might have taken your life , but you re alive in my heart , and that s one thing they can never take away , no matter what they do to me .
the one thing rae was absolutely certain of when it came to her roommate was that she could nt keep a secret if her life depended on it .
the last thing she needed was more of them breathing down her neck , constantly monitoring her every move .
the exhilaration and sense of freedom shed experienced was by far the best thing shed ever felt .
the one thing she really remembered from that night was the way she had felt in devons arms when they d danced .
the only thing she really knew about him was that he hated women , especially her .
molly leaned forward doing the seatbelt sleep her head bounced with the motion of the car , the seat belt the only thing that kept her upright .
but even with the grim and dreary environment of school , teachers , expectations and the ever - watchful eye of the dean , the one thing life at guilder was nt , was slow .
tristan shrugged in response , which just made kira push the point even more , ` ` i get the whole bad boy thing you do , but i know its just a front .
no offense , but clearly being scared is the only thing that brings the power out in you .
suddenly , being home was the most important thing in the world .
he was trying to be strong , even though his face was the only thing not trapped in constraints .
she was too comfortable resting in his arms to bother fighting and the last thing kira wanted was to argue with tristan on their last night together .
however , she could nt deny her feelings and wondered if ryan felt the same thing too .
it had to be the most exhilarating thing she had ever felt before in her life .
her ability to fly had been the most amazing thing ever .
the last thing i remember is hitchhiking .
i m tired of walking but i do nt have much of a choice that s the thing about following the highways , they re boring .
all i know is that it does nt feel like a part of me that does that , ( the killing ripping apart eating thing ) more like a psychotic hitchhiker in my brain .
the thing about icy cold air is that most of the time it makes it hard to smell anything .
the other thing about icy cold air is that when everything else has no smell because its frozen solid , you can smell heat - pumping creatures that much better .
and even though she does nt say it , i can hear it : ( its a mate thing ) i fall back behind , and try not to broadcast my thoughts to her , but since i do nt really know how not to broadcast my thoughts i ca nt be sure she is nt hearing them .
with everything going on , my injuries have been the last thing on my mind .
the only surprising thing was the fact that they waited until junior year to get together .
its the most real thing i ve ever felt , and i do nt think i could handle giving it up .
the last thing she wanted was for his parents to walk in and catch her that close to their son with his fly down .
when the first bell of the day rang , the girls headed toward their first period classes before danni got the chance to tell them one other important thing about darren ; that losing his arm made him self - conscious and might make him act strangely around them .
you re doing the fast talking thing again .
darren may not realize it , but being here to be nominated is an amazing thing .
sick , jealous , sick with jealousy , its all the same thing , but seriously , you guys have been together like three months and you re already planning on ending up like your parents ?
oh , the changing thing again .
physical is the last thing i want to be on my day off , but i do n't tell him that .
the sad thing is that patrick would probably agree with cat .
the sidewalks are slick , but the rain is good for one thing : it will be difficult for a sniffer to track scents with all this water .
i frown , the pain in my head almost a thing apart now .
but the only thing that made it recognisable were the names underneath ; gesta britanni , maidulph of malmesbury .
it was the oddest thing ; beth felt exhilarated , invincible .
even though the last thing she had eaten was her breakfast .
because that s the other strange thing about a flame ; it looks the same no matter which way time is flowing .
the only thing that forced her to make such a morbid suggestion was the thought of her mum being under morrigans control .
he had only survived , he had explained to beth , because he now had so much responsibility he really did feel that the only thing denied him was his freedom .
one thing i knew about blaine was that it irritated him to no end if someone stayed mad at him .
that was the only thing keeping me grounded the idea that when i got to him , blaine would be there to protect me .
the last thing i need is a run in with lilith today .
the last thing i remembered was going to bed last night .
the first thing i noticed was how massive this room was .
the second thing that i noticed was the enormous amount of currency in this room .
the only thing was he lacked the strength that drilled me to win every time .
my eyes were the only thing that i could move as i turned to stare in the same direction .
the last thing i could remember is being at the palace during the attack .
the only thing that seemed to point out how he was suffering was his eyes .
that was another thing that bothered me about this venom .
grethen seemed to notice the same thing as he chuckled .
that is one thing i liked about eris , she ruled with a strong iron fist .
as its horrid head breaches the water vasos nearly gags at the sight , it has beady yellow black eyes with no ears or nose to speak of , its massive mouth is foaming and dripping saliva from its jagged dagger like teeth at the same time a snake like tongue flickers back and forth at the air hungry for food but the worst thing about it was the foul breath that smelled of old fish , rotting flesh and old seaweed .
the last thing he sees is a beautiful light forming into a person and catching him before he hits the water .
i say you forget about the feeling strange thing kol , the problem is that you ve have little to no food or sleep in who knows how long .
in a flash stheno is on him trying to claw his face off , the only thing that saved him was his years of training and demigod reflexes .
the only thing i wanted that night was to not feel anymore , to not have my heart ripping in two , and to not cry so hard that my whole body ached .
the one thing i do know is that whoever she is , she 's dangerous .
if there is one thing i know , it 's that he ca n't reveal himself without consequences .
the last thing i have time for is sitting and chatting .
the one thing they did have in common was that they were huge .
the only thing that found its home in those eyes was pride , an unwavering sense of definiteness , and an unbreakable bond that could only be found in someone like the pain that had been building behind my eyes erupted into streams of blue light toward the ceiling .
the closest thing i had ever known to a father was lying in front of me , hands folded across his chest , with a final expression of disharmony plastered on his still face .
the first thing i noticed as we entered the pristine room , was that every security guard in the facility was standing against the walls , expecting eyes trained on my every move .
beer was one thing he would miss after their wedding .
small of them really , your body is the only thing they let you have , and then they go and build in limits just to keep you in your place .
guards would be coming soon and the last thing he wanted was to be in prison again .
the next thing eli was aware of was the constant up and down motion of his body and plush fur surrounding his face .
the only thing you could hear in the tunnel was the footsteps of the giant , faes are naturally quiet in their steps .
the only thing that existed to him right now was her .
the last thing she wanted was to hurt him in any way .
the only thing different about him was his eyes .
the last thing he wanted was to be strangled by some plant or whatever it was again .
the last thing lyssa wanted to do was rest .
she smiled at him and then looked at eli the only thing eli was focused on was zoey as everything around him begun to spin .
she was his daughter , the one thing zoey cherished and he had to save her .
the beating sound of drums with other almost harsh sounding music was the first thing toby noticed as the portal closed behind them .
the last thing i needed right now was my mom to notice how flushed i was .
in fact , anything that would make me sweat was not my thing .
i felt my cell phone vibrate in my back pocket and fear was the first thing i felt .
i ' m not sure i believed her but if there was one thing i knew about alissa , it was that she would only share information when she was damn good and ready .
the company was the only thing i d miss .
the last thing i wanted to talk about while being turned on was my brother .
it was the only thing that was visible as his entire body was covered in grey clothing .
the first thing i noticed was the warmth that brushed across my face and the mumbling of voices .
as you can see my skin is dark , the one thing i kept from my mother , and between my white hair and nearly colorless eyes combined with the ability to vanish into thin air and reappear where least expected earned me the name the black ghost .
but he was only right about that one thing .
thankfully , the only thing hurt was my pride .
the only thing missing was whiskers jutting out of his face .
the last thing i wanted was for the people and animals of paradan going hungry .
he had been disgraced in rartan , denied the one thing he wanted .
i was here as a kid , but the only thing i really remember was that you had to watch your step inside .
the last thing i wanted at the moment was to leave the sanctuary .
he had that scruffy look that nicholas had , and i figured it must be a gypsy thing .
the last thing i saw was seraph smiling at me .
they were married for fifty - eight years and my grandpa , the last thing he said before he fell asleep was that it was nt nearly long enough .
without my father in my life i would have gone insane ages ago , he 's the only thing in this family worth hanging around for .
` ` your mother called my office first thing this morning and i got everything straightened out on my end . ''
only thing missing are the strobe lights !
the last thing i see is darkness .
on entering the house , one thing that stands out above the rest is the beautiful stripped wooden floor in the entrance foyer .
they are the only thing white in this room ; everything else is colorful ; the striped cushions , ethnic bed covers , and the matching heavy curtains .
there is no such thing as love at first sight , mother argues , a smile sneaking out to her lips .
the last thing i remembered was falling into the deep waters .
he does this annoying thing with his ... cheeks , maxx and i say in chorus and laugh .
one thing i do know is that your words are worth more than silver and gold .
this is one thing i have always cherished about summer breaks , there are nt any exams round the corner and hence there is nt much to think about as far as studying is concerned .
she was wearing purple tank top with blue jeans and was looking as usual beautiful , the term i have always associated her with , but the only thing different from the last time we met was i did nt care .
the only thing different in our relationship was we never had a break up like those other classic couples who have thousands of break ups in a single year !
another thing that i came across was people getting married online as in a certain girl engaged / married to another girl ( i specified this because that 's what i saw on a profile ) .
this was one thing i loved about him ; he would be the most cheerful person around when someone is down and out .
kabir took out the bags from the cars boot space while simran and ayesha were talking about something or the other , gossip , the thing that can always keep girls occupied .
the only thing that was good about what just happened was the fact that i now knew something was definitely wrong with tanya .
the thing that amazed us all was how tanya came to know that it was us !
the doctors had advised at least six months of rest which meant i was bound to miss my joining time at the company who was dumb enough to give me a job and that was one thing dad was mad at me about .
the thing that did hurt me was the fact that tanya did nt visit me after the day that simran had told me .
i wanted to be with her all along but again , love is a fucked up thing , no matter how much you try to hate the person you love , ultimately , the day you see them , you are bound to fall in love all over again !
the only thing i looked forward to besides the cozy cafeteria with gourmet type food .
unless they figured this out , their race would end and the human race would continue , because the greatest thing out of all of this is the power of love .
he 's the only thing keeping me grounded right now .
the last thing i need is someone to doubt me , which could make me doubt myself .
he shares some type of weird handshake high five , combo thing with alec .
the most amazing thing about the cavern is that it 's filled with a lake or spring or whatever you would call this body of majestic looking sea - blue water .
the only thing i can think of is the cave perhaps .
the first thing i truly notice is the lack of heat .
the whole world seemed to shrink around andrina , leaving her the only thing that mattered .
it was the only thing that kept her from screaming and pounding the mattress .
* * * * * the one big thing i can recall from those first ten seconds is the roar , like a distant train growing closer .
that was one thing mom always accused me ofbeing impulsive .
the first thing i touched was the rectangular shape of the granola bar i had ignored earlier .
the sand was nt the only thing shining on that beach : mikes golden skin glistened , his chest thick with muscles .
brians hand on my jaw is the only thing holding me up now .
miners only knew one thing : how to dig deep and fast and hold up long .
the first thing i want you to notice is its writings .
the thing about it is that if she is provoked before learning true control she is dangerous .
he disliked the taste for one thing and besides , hal knew that his mind was off in the clouds often enough as it was , he certainly did n't need anything helping him get into that state .
as tasha watched in astonishment , ambori 's whole body rolled over until the only thing supporting him were his arms .
he was n't about to complain about the chill since it was the only thing keeping him awake by that point .
lifelong devotion was one thing but it was nothing compared things like charm , tact or a future .
lifelong devotion was one thing but it was nothing compared things like charm , tact or a future .
` ` she arrives after weeks of travelling and the first thing that she can think of is not how tired she is but how she forgot her favorite dress . ''
the last thing i need right now is for some royal flunky like you telling me what to do . ''
the last thing you want when you make it to the prairies is to be caught there in the middle of a snowstorm . ''
another thing that tasha noticed as an aside , this having nothing to do with the topics at hand .
the last thing that i need right now is a lecture , hal thought to himself .
` ` for one thing ...
the last thing that he needed right then was an eagle 's eye look from thirty - thousand ( give or take a few million , ambori thought queasily ) feet straight up .
the thing that bothered me most , though : i was a singaporean .
the first thing you ll need to understand is that every being has a soul .
the only thing about him that s actually decent is his body , added deborah garner , another girl in acacias clique .
well , you seem okay now ; that s the main thing , right ?
food was the last thing on her mind at this moment .
for one thing , it was enormous !
the miss bryant thing was getting old and making reece uncomfortable , she figured she should just address the issue now .
the miss bryant thing again .
i demanded we leave that very night , and pushed areion harder than i ever had , so that your eyes would be the first thing i saw the next morning .
the only thing that stopped her was the hope that when the men returned from earth , reece would not be among them .
the only thing odd about it is how she made me feel .
the only good thing about werewolves was that they tended to be fairly solitary and they preferred preying on vampires more than humans .
i 'd had it happen with those my age or younger , but it was a heady thing to have someone of jack 's age and experience deferring to me .
heaven knows we ' ve got little enough time before we ' ve got to ship back out , the last thing you need is to be cooling your heels here waiting for me . ''
alison looked like her rage was the only thing keeping her from tears .
stabbing the female threw off my stride , which was probably the only thing that saved me .
it was huge , which went without saying , but the thing that struck me the most was the way that the light it emitted , the light that was part and parcel of being a living organism , looked subtly wrong .
despite my best efforts , incredibly powerful jaws closed on my upper arm and i felt the huge bone that was the next best thing to indestructible shatter from the pressure even as my inner arm was shredded by two sets of deadly claws .
if there was one thing that leander jack was bad at , it was history .
for one thing , the most common tree type he could see was fir trees or other spiky leaved kinds .
the last thing she saw before the world went black was a giant mouth coming down to scoop her up .
that s the thing about the world , perdita answered , its bigger than you .
the only nice thing about it is cricket , but they do nt let you do that all day .
the thing about the havarada is that the dinosaur herders can speak and the dinosaurs will listen , but that is not really the same thing as doing .
the thing about dinosaurs is , that unlike humans , they do nt have opposable thumbs .
the last thing laxus saw was jack winking at him .
pushing their way to the front of the gathered crowd the trio stared in amazement as they watched the new guy ready to fight pacing back and forth but the most astonishing thing was that he looked almost exactly like caleb .
this is what the unexpected does dorn , the same thing that happens when you underestimate an opposite .
a large , mechanical arm would probably be the last thing he ever saw before death overcame him .
the last thing he heard before fading into darkness was explosions .
the last thing he saw before falling into the darkness was ember perched menacingly on ashtons bed , holding his limp , unmoving body in her arms .
one thing i knew for sure is he knew who i was .
i was trying to eat healthy and junk food was the only thing he brought .
your eating habits are another thing completely whacked about you .
she has this thing about assembling them on plates in some neat geometrical order .
that was n't the only thing that she noticed about him .
here 's the funny thing about outlaws , enders said , his voice remarkably confident .
it was quick and effortless , but the last thing harlow felt just before she plummeted into the lake below was the feeling of the rushing wind blowing through her hair .
the only thing she could make herself focus on was the adrenaline pumping through her veins and making her body vibrate with life .
the only thing she could focus on was an overwhelming metallic smell .
the last thing she needed was for him to see her weak and broken .
the hair on this figure was the first thing to capture her attention , the suns rays bouncing off the strands and making them glisten in the sun 's light .
you were the only thing that kept me going all that time .
my hand touches the cross around my neck , and it is the only thing giving me hope that she is .
the only thing he could remember was ayumis face and the pain he felt ...
it was the only thing she could confide in in the end , as it was the only thing to care to understand .
so right now you feel the same thing that i feel ?
that was a big thing with me , wanting time to go by .
the first thing i noticed , right away , were the brown cardboard boxes sitting on and next to my desk labeled storage across the sides with a heavy black marker .
however , having said that , its just one more thing that makes the timing of your arrival even more unfortunate , miss pine .
the conversation was light , fun , and lacking in seriousness , lil finding that of all things the most irritating thing about it all was harry .
time is a funny thing .
but today was not that day , and the numbers on a calendar were the last thing on the boys mind .
it was the only thing that reminded him that he was still moving .
that was the one thing his father was never able to gainthe loyalty and respect of the people .
tapestries depicting horses running through fields , wild and free , decorated the walls , the only thing making her feel at home .
that was one good thing about dying .
the first thing kenmei had given me after the revenant revelation had been an herbal tea which consisted of chapparral , red clover , bloodroot , mistletoe , eye of newt , unicorn horn , and fairy dust .
for one thing , they fit perfectly .
if cindy was one thing , she was a creature of habit .
professor pops was right about one thing though : homework was easy , and i finished within the first week of being back .
one thing had nt : my love for these eight amazing men .
not that i blamed him , valkyrie and shiftersas hard as they were to acceptwas one thing , but a vampire that had the need to consume blood in order to sustain their lifemeaning we were part of the food chainwas on an entirely different level all of its very own .
he is my brother , and right now , he is the only thing i care about .
stang , singing in clarinet music , since i ca nt think of every single thing that i need in my life .
it ai nt the same thing at all kid .
see , another strange thing about all this is the autopsy results .
she is nt angry with me anymore , and that s the main thing .
the only thing she knew for sure was that gabe would be there if he got it .
bolt pushed her hand away again , the last thing i want right now is more ice .
frost was curious , this was a new thing to her .
the breeze of the sea was gone and the only thing madison heard outside the voices of others was that of crumpling grass .
the weakness was the only thing his body catered to , and his eyes moved about rapidly , trying to find her .
her senses were the only thing keeping her going .
the first thing i noticed was the constant and annoying tapping sound , like a loud clock .
gorgon , yet another thing i did nt know , but certainly was nt going to ask bea what exactly it was .
i guess you were good for one thing .
i tried to push my face towards the blue sky as i could hear piper screaming , and the last thing i saw before being consumed , was wills pale blue eyes .
the last thing of her to turn to dust was her tail that thrashed through the air wildly trying to cling to life .
the last thing i wanted to do was rest for a few hours .
that s the thing about the end of the worldit creates soldiers out of anyone , even primary school teachers .
that s the other thing about the end of the worlddeath does nt bother you anymore .
the last thing i need is a reminder about dad .
one thing i have noticed since being here is that the people argue a lot and most of the time they complain about mariancant say i blame themuntil mum stands up for her .
the only thing he had in common was you all have blue eyes .
that s the worst thing about being one of us , being a slightly nephilim .
when he d threatened me during halloween , he thought i was the same thing as the knightlys .
the thing is we will never know .
the only other thing i had going for me was my father .
the only thing that protected me was that its considered a great insult if the adjutant questions the leader , even if the adjutant was my father .
the others assumed i was playing with the thing , allowing it to let the fear grow along with my lust for its blood , but the only thing growing was my sense of disgust at myself for attacking this thing .
either way , as trappers mother has reminded him many times over , the protection of toxin is nt the greatest thing in the world .
the only thing he would lose is the respect of the only fish that was nice to him .
the last thing trapper noticed was a shimmering red mist was coming from the creatures head .
it was nt the only thing they had in common , but the love for nature was one of their strongest bonds and their thirst to experience the ocean .
another thing verne liked was that they did nt take any more than six divers out at a time .
the strange thing was there was no one else in sight .
everyone told me the same story that described the shark in some ferocious way , but each story had one thing in common .
he was being a wee bit harsh with her , questioning her loyalty , for if there was one thing that our mother was , it was loyal , but i understood .
breathing was the last thing i was thinking about .
the small fire burning in the grate was the only thing to make the room quaint .
one thing was for certain ; guinevere made me feel light , carefree , and yet , i had a strong desire to shelter her and protect her from all paineven the pain that i would inflict .
he had an alluring smile , another thing i found annoying .
she turned to look at dad ; the counter was the only thing keeping him upright .
guess we have one more thing in common .
the only thing i could feel was brandon , his soft hands and his heart beating against my chest .
i concentrated on my feet as i walked unsteady on my heels down the stairs ; the last thing i needed tonight was to tumble down them .
my body was being torn apart and the only thing that would stop it was to be away from him .
to tell the truth , the only thing i missed sometimes was being held .
he does this major eye roll - slash - heavy sigh thing and turns to tia and groans , miss ?
the weird thing is , it feels like the middle of the day , you know ?
see , that s the thing ; the zombies would nt need me if they were nt reading at a , say , third grade level .
but that s the thing about halloween in nightshade ; there are so many kids in costume , there would be an uprising if we all had to unmask .
that s the thing about zombies , some of them can get pretty literal .
she s the last thing i see and , i fear , the first thing ill see when i wake back up .
the thing about hub is he s actually really cute , he s just so , i dunno boring , maybe ?
the closest thing to a friend that he had ever had was his servant , fredric .
that s about the only thing he is , the man spat at his sons feet .
the most powerful magic users have one thing in common , sphergol began .
i do nt really do nice that often ; its an assassin thing .
the only good thing about it was meeting kim .
shed known all of them her entire life and the last thing they were worried about was what she looked like .
the only thing different about hers was that she had a couple of extra windows because it was located on the end .
the only thing that stopped her was remembering what bernard taught her about choosing her fights carefully and not hurting people just because she could .
that s just another thing you know more about than i do .
jax says its because of the akori shepherd memory thing .
the last thing she wanted was to get up , but she was in some serious pain .
they did the guy handshake - half - hug - back - pat thing .
the only thing she knew for sure was that nothing like that was ever going to happen to him again as long as she was around .
the last thing addy remembered was hands marked with symbols reaching out and touching her forehead .
but i think my favorite thing is the matching island for eight in the center of the room .
but watching the faces of my loved ones , i can admit there is one thing i do like about being a witch : our funky , brilliant - blue eyes with a dark ring around the iris .
the only thing i want nowis for the most amazing night i ve ever hadto end .
the thing i ve always hated about my visions is , i only see bad thingsnever anything good .
the only thing i ever lied to you about was my job .
but the thing i found the most interesting though , was the way your eyes flashed bright blue when you used your telekinesis .
the one thing that is , though , is how you stiffen up .
the only thing we know for sure is , tonights plan is the pivotal event that puts everything into motion .
yup , his heftier twin said with a groan , familys way too important to let slip away on account of one thing or another .
and the last thing i needed was judgment .
nellie one thing i could always count on was that my team was always raring to go .
she did nt do that thing girls do when you ask them out and they pretend they re busy or they do nt care .
the main thing being that she did nt want to have sex anymore .
you know what the great thing about messing up is ?
the great thing about messing up is that usually , if you re smartyou do nt repeat the same mistake again .
so there was this man there and he told me that the great thing about mistakes was that if i was smart , i would nt repeat the same mistake twice .
one thing about nellie , you d never lose her .
but one thing remained the same .
but the only thing there was my hands , clenched together between my jean - clad thighs .
the only thing i had left from my real parents .
broad shoulders were the first thing i noticed about jerry .
the best thing about that was it did nt rustle .
the important thing to remember in this class is patience .
that only meant one thing : it was flat cleaning time .
the first thing she saw was the plate of goodness ; then , as her eyes adjusted to the early morning light , me .
i welcomed the pain as the only thing that felt familiar and real .
probably in the middle of the night when its the last thing were thinking about .
that s the thing about paintings .
she wanted to say , so its not so fun being on the other side , but she held her tongue because , for one thing , she could nt let him know how she really felt , and , for another , because she knew from experience , that despite his anger , a part of him had found the experience as thrilling as she .
her evil grin was the last thing i saw as she vanished into the crowd .
the only thing this woman wants is peace for her soul before she kicks the bucket .
the last thing i remembered was having to rest my head for one minute .
but you of all people know time is the only thing i do nt have left !
his eyes were the only thing i recognized about him .
she always took it off when she slept so the bottles would nt break in the middle of the night ; the last thing she needed was for her to accidentally poison herself .
the smaller animals were easily overtaken and trampled by the larger animals , and their cries echoed loudly , each one holding the same thing in it : fear .
she needed to focus on the fire ; the last thing she needed was the guilt of his death on her conscience for the rest of her life .
the only thing that had changed was that a white rose had bloomed between her feet .
the only thing that remained was the sound of her mothers voice , ringing out in the vast , never ending space .
the last thing she could remember was collapsing onto the floor of unfamiliar forest .
the only thing that stopped you from burning sinsenta to death or burning down the forest was your shock and surprise .
overwhelming pain shot through her body , making her limbs and her mind spasm in agony until her thoughts clouded to the point where the pain was the only thing she could recognize .
when they first met , they had been from different worlds , but the one thing they had had in common was the whispered fears and righteous anger they shared against gandador .
here in the blackness , the only thing that kept her from drifting away permanently was the voice .
the smell was the first thing she registered .
in the forest , even on the coldest days , the warmest thing she had had was her blanket .
she pulled the covers up to her chin , the only thing keeping her warm and not allowing her wet hair to give her a chill .
one thing that attracted her eye right away was the floral ; she could smell the scent of flowers in the air .
the last thing she needed was to run into that lady again and be recognized only one cart passed her as she approached .
there was only one thing that kept her limbs moving , that kept his face from crippling her every sense .
her size is the only thing that saved her .
your reaction is the only thing that made us take interest , fisher informed me .
the only thing that differed from the first time was that when holly removed her hand from the last machine it was neatly wrapped in a white bandage .
but then , that was nt the only unusual thing about my incorporation class .
one thing that struck me during the week was the more i read the words cimarron gave to me the more i realized that they were true .
aspen was nt exactly showing affection to me , but it was the closest thing to affection i d ever experienced with her .
whatever had happened in the dream before that moment , before the woman had screamed at me , i could nt remember the only thing i knew was i felt frantic .
funny thing is , i have no idea .
it was the only thing that got better after the move : what could be more alive than swimming in the ocean ?
and there was one thing she could count on tomas for , and that was being quiet .
the last thing i saw before the jellied blackness took me was the horrific grin of the demonic butler .
for one thing , it saves me from an awful lot of unnecessary small talk .
the first thing i noticed was the elaborate medieval - y gown she wore , which made her look like she was with the circus .
the second thing i noticed was her beauty , and immediately i knew who she was , because a girl this beautiful , here in this palace , could only be the princess sela .
lumens and grands were different in many ways , but one thing we had in common was that both our kingdoms were subject to the authority of a single family of powerful immortals , the guardian elders .
the scariest thing now about knowing how to use all those weapons was realizing how tempted i was to put my knowledge of them to the test .
there was one thing i did know ; his laughter was what good music was made out of .
for one thing , i thought he was out of my league .
i know you and tristan have this thing going on , but still , look at him .
i d give the girl one thing : she was different , entertaining even .
i did nt know the first thing about apologizing to someone .
the thing with do - overs is they do nt exist .
the only thing keeping you from being a terror is , what ?
for one thing , it kept us away from my bedroom .
today , the thing i noticed most about my surroundings was that abigail was nowhere to be seen .
the best thing about him , though , was his boyish charm and the way his eyes sparkled every time he was up to no good or just having fun .
one thing that laura was great at was smiling .
the first thing that hit sara : the big , panoramic windows looked out over a spectacular view of majestic mountains dusted with snow in front of a clear sky .
amber was horrified that anyone could think so little of her , but they were right about one thing .
she was the first thing on his mind in the morning when he woke up and the last thing before he went to sleep .
that was the thing about elizabeth ; she made him feel important and special .
the first thing that hit me was the smell .
that s the great thing about science , with the right amount of time and money it can do anything .
just another thing that i d lost .
shanes kiss was the first thing i remembered when i awoke in bed saturday morning .
so that was evidence of one thing that had changed about him .
the last thing these people need to see or know about are my scars , the infamous scars the entire school knows i have but have never seen or confirmed .
the last thing i should be is a bitch tonight .
i know i should be nicer to jamies clothes but the only thing that seems worth the effort is a nice , steaming hot shower , one where the water peels the layer of bad decisions and booze from my body and the disappointment and regret from my bones .
the one thing i do nt like about it : i would have to figure out what type of bra to wear because of the one shoulder style , but other than that , i love it .
my only qualification , the only thing i need .
she s obviously nervous about something , the only thing she needs is a hand in her mouth as she bites her nails .
the last thing i need is to start crying .
i really should nt notice how his abs ripple down into his basketball shorts , or the thing i have heard other girls call the happy trail and holy balls !
the last thing i ever wanted to do was disappoint him .
the most stunning thing about him , other than his smile , which takes my breath away , by the way , is his eyes .
the last thing they need is a teenage chaperone .
the last thing i need right now is to crumble .
the closing of the front door is the first thing that wakes me .
its the first thing i see , and with instinct and my arms outstretched , i wander to it , partially dazed .
the only appealing thing about this is the fact i get to hold on to zephyr .
the last thing my night needs is a fight .
the last thing i want to see is this .
its just another thing alexia cavanaughs hatred for me ruined .
the one thing i fear , even if we were no longer together romantically , is that i would lose his friendship .
ever since i came to innocents , saffi has been the closest thing i ve had to a parent .
perhaps its one of the things you get used to when you live in an as unforgiving of a place as murderers .
but you re not like that , which is one of the things that attracted me to you in the first place .
the sad thing is that this is actually true .
our positioning is the only thing keeping us alive ; the domus can only come at us one or two at a time , weakening their advantage of strength in numbers .
i sat and watched the azure sky , how it moved to form images in the sky , it reminded me of my childhood , the only thing that gave me joy then was watching the skies , i could imagine mama and baba watching me from above .
i replied with a smiling face , it was a common thing among us ; replying a question with another .
i knew for certain how much i will gain , i knew the states budget and one more thing i knew how to calculate well was how much was used from the budget for the work itself and i also knew the pockets it entered just that i did nt know how many lips were sealed with notes .
i had just seventeen of them of which just thirteen of them are my mistresses , they take weekly turns ; this is part of the thing bisola and every other person do nt know i do , to her i would never look at another woman , but a big man remains a big man , we sometimes need something to keep the body and soul active , we needed variety of tastes .
there was one thing baba agba never ceased to say honesty and ever since , till i found out what honesty means i hated it so much , if baba agba who claimed to love honesty this much and still remained so poor , then i guess to be rich , that s just what i needed to hate .
` ` i am already getting used to this name osekere that sometimes when i am even called micah , i do n't realize its me ... '' i could n't place what he tried to insinuate but one thing i knew at that moment was that i started to feel a little afraid , i felt it was a set - up , what i had done to wazabi is now coming back to me .
the worst thing about madelyn 's looks is her posture .
the thing about third year french is , you only have to take two years of a language , so only kids serious about the language are taking it .
the other thing that 's different about clear mountain high is , they have to take a shower after gym , and it 's part of the grade .
scott and i had known each other since elementary school , and if i knew one thing about him , it was how to tell when he was lying .
after the night i d had , the last thing i needed was to start blubbering in front of a complete stranger .
and if there was one thing i was good at , it was keeping secrets .
i admit there might even have been some interest on my part , but flirting had been the last thing on my mind tonight .
the mohiri have this thing about orphans , i explained as i rinsed my plate .
the last thing i need to see is your nasty little demon parts .
the most frightening thing about them was nt their physical strength but their mental prowess .
after nikolas had wrestled me from the demon , the first thing i saw was remy kneeling in a corner with his three little cousins in his arms .
the good thing about small towns : everyone knew you , so you could walk anywhere .
the bad thing about small towns : everyone knew you ; they kept an eye on what you were doing and asked about your parents .
the last thing she saw before everything went dark was a pair of grey eyes .
but that s just the thing .
when she opened the door , the first thing her eyes found was the wardrobe .
he might have been easy to ignore and forget , if not for two things : one was the golden tint to his skin , so strange to see in a place like england , and almost gleaming in the sunlight .
that was the thing with ash : everything was so easy .
i look nothing like either of my parents , for one thing .
it was the nicest thing about the room .
the most defining thing about him was his long nose , which was reminiscent of a bird .
the only thing that broke its perfect , midnight hue was a pair of brilliant yellow eyes like honey in a dark barrel .
the only thing left in my control was sight , but it oddly seemed to come from everywhere at once !
chapter 26 : finishing the job there is a funny thing about absolute darkness .
one thing about her mom was that she did nt mess around .
well , he paused , that s the thing .
as for jen , well , school was just another thing she hated about life .
but one thing we both have in common is the right to keep ourselves safe . ''
his eyes were the only thing that he recognized when he saw himself in the reflection that the lake provided .
the only thing that they all had in common was the big smiles on each of their faces .
the next thing the young man saw was the image of the barrel of my gun and me towering over him .
i could nt talk , i could nt move , the only thing i could hear was the thumping of my heart .
i actually almost started to fall asleep , the only thing that kept me awake was the thought of resh coming out of the room at any moment .
the one thing i know is that he is better family to me than either of the two living family members i have now .
i agreed with resh , but one thing i ve learned is that you never make a decision until you fight both sides .
i think special is the world i was looking for , a very seldom thing that i felt .
that s the thing about forward , forward is whatever direction you walk in as long as you re walking on a straight path .
it changed every now and then in design , and the change was based on one thing and one thing solely : a plaque .
it changed every now and then in design , and the change was based on one thing and one thing solely : a plaque .
but one thing i ve learned is to not hold onto things .
the last thing i wanted was another emotional rollercoaster .
plus it was nt too bad -- minus the whole blood thing .
well its not the easiest thing to get used to driving here .
ask yourself this , what is the one thing about mystery books that gets people hooked into them ?
when emma opened it the first thing she noticed was how nice the paper was .
when emma regained consciousness she was hanging upside down in the truck , her seat belt the only thing holding her in place .
besides , the one thing she was really interested was at home .
there are shape shifters who can do the whole bat thing and sometimes they like messing with normals heads .
the only thing keeping him from attacking was emma .
the first thing emma saw when she opened her eyes were the stars above the clearing .
the most terrible thing about it was that finally , after a whole year of trying and hoping , my life was just about to become perfect .
living cooped up in the city has never been my favourite thing .
what is with the whole ness thing ?
it was the quietness that was the intriguing thing about him .
the other thing i did nt want to admit was that i was confused about dad .
for one thing she kept avoiding looking at my face .
she would really have to be careful until it healed ; the last thing she needed was for her parents to find out about it .
the last thing she wanted to do was cry in front of him .
the only thing ruining the image was the coldness in his blue eyes .
that s the thing , dear .
the last thing she needed was to have a conversation like that .
the last thing he remembered was running away from two big men .
the one good thing about his predicament was that he always had a chair ready .
the one thing i liked the most was , being tucked up in bed or on the sofa under a blanket when it rained .
she had put a ten year old photograph on her profile and the only thing that was the same , was her nose .
i was tired by the time she came in from school and the only thing i wanted then was a glass of wine , not to start all over again .
the last thing he ever wanted was to have cats .
the only thing that took the edges off my paranoia was the wine .
the only thing that held us together was the girls .
' it 's the only thing that gets me through all this . '
another thing i had to look at was my huge ego .
it 's the only thing that calms me down . '
that was another thing tough guys did nt do .
that s the great thing about football .
the thing that had sent my mind reeling was that right in front of me stood the most powerful of all the dark siders .
the most important thing was that he was nt lying and my faith in him went up slightly .
another thing was that her clothes were nt grimy , yet .
i was sure the bullet was nt embedded , though , which was the one good thing about the wound .
the last thing i heard while i was awake was my scream .
marie was the only thing that had slowed us down .
the first thing we knew of him was his booming voice as he entered ty gwyn ; i could hear him greeting ness in the wide hallway .
well that s one thing we have in common , she observed .
the only thing that really surprised me about blod was that she was , sometimes , actually nice to her sister .
the first thing that popped into life on the screen was a news reel detailing the current state of the war .
* * * it was an awful thing to have suspicions running around in my mind .
the other thing that helped me resist temptation was the prospect of being allowed to go to the hospital with mam and blod to bring bickerstaff home .
the first thing i caught sight of as we entered the church was bickerstaff waiting in his bottle green suit .
kit and henri will just be moving into their new home in camden town , love , the last thing a pair of newlyweds need is a young man to look after .
the weirdest thing was how nobody noticed it was me in the costume .
my mouth is able to move , not because it 's easy to push through the pain , but because answering is the only thing keeping the pain from getting a lot worse .
` ` the thing about a spy 's brain , '' my uncle said , giving jericha a look and i guess deciding it was okay for her to overhear , ` ` is that we wire a lot of complicated ideas into it .
the really strange thing about her though was her feet .
the strange thing about humps , besides all the other things that were strange about them , was their odd sense of responsibility .
time is one thing you girls do nt have .
the only thing she did not count on was they wanted to find her .
the last thing he remembered about the dream was diane smiling and looking into his face and saying , my hero !
but the thing dwight noticed most was the piercing , black eyes .
but the biggest thing was my stomach , because boy was i starving !
oh , and that whole smell thing i m on it !
the best thing about the kika fruit is that you could keep one for over a year and as long as it stayed dry on the outside it would nt rot .
the only thing ever known to sway his mind was his wifes eyes , the same hazel - green orbs that monique inherited .
the last thing she wanted was to be stuck in the limelight again .
the first thing her over - clocked mind noticed as they entered the room was the cardiograph speeding up .
the last thing i remembered was the night before my coma .
another thing william cross had been trained to do was to blend in ; if anyone had call to describe him to the authorities and over the years there had been many the best most could manage was average .
the first thing he d need was a new phone .
okay , maybe the first thing he needed was a new place to stay .
what was the peter thing all about ?
you see that s the thing about threats , daniel ; there has to be something of value to threaten with .
but that meant time , and daniel knew that was the one thing he did nt have a lot of .
it was one thing knowing the formula for a falling body of weight but experiencing it first hand was another thing altogether .
it was one thing knowing the formula for a falling body of weight but experiencing it first hand was another thing altogether .
the last thing i put on it the mask that covers my eyes and nose .
the only thing he could be thankful for on this particular morning was the fact they dropped him off a few blocks closer than they normally did .
he was her prince charming , her happy ever after he was the thing she was searching for .
the last thing i need right now is alcohol on my empty stomach .
my stomach is in knots , and food is the furthest thing from my mind .
the first thing i smell is his cologne .
one good thing about being with gabe is he already knows how crazy my family is .
i seriously do nt think there is one thing i do nt like about you .
when people talk about my mom , the first thing that they mention is her smile .
for one thing , you d never make it during daylight .
finn is the only other thing that changed .
it is the only thing that makes sense .
the only thing that kept her moving was the sense that the key that still hung from her chest had come to life in the darkness .
kids in school that jacky picked on called him whacky jacky behind his back , saying that the thing that made jacky the scariest was that he did nt seem sane .
only barely alive , the last thing brian hacker saw was a flash of fast - moving metal bearing down upon him .
their looking - at - each - other - meaningfully thing .
the last thing he saw , as his strength ebbed away , was the floor indicator counting up towards 36 .
the next thing she could feel was the needle going into her arm , and almost instantly a warm fuzzy feeling flooded her body .
the first thing that he noticed was that he was moving .
the last thing he remembered from his dream was the rose crushed under his fathers foot , and the soft , sweet words from samantha blake .
the last thing many of them saw was the sight of the sirens shaking their heads in disbelief at how easy it was to lead a man to his doom .
the only other thing that i knew about him was that he liked to listen to the shipping report at four in the morning at a volume high enough to wake the dead .
winters had breezed past first thing and given us our instructions .
for one thing , he did n't drink , almost unheard of in scotland .
he was twitchy about playing on a sunday for one thing .
the thing was that when he was n't behind the drums he was all over the place .
for one thing , he just does nt seem the type that would manage to get in through the alarm system and then break into an enclosed space with a dangerous animal .
there were a large number of muddy footprints all over the floor for one thing .
` ` it 'll go toward our next recording session for one thing . ''
for one thing there was no more of his wild ideas for promoting the band .
we would nt be able to see where were going for one thing .
you do play in a semi - famous band for one thing , she said , rather primly .
they were the first thing i noticed .
that was the first thing the teenagers noticed when they stood , shoulder to shoulder , staring at the large , metallic letters spelling out ` ` summer valley high school . ''
the only thing that made the feeling worse was knowing that looks really could kill in this school ... if the student had lazer vision .
the only thing matching about the team were their blue and black football uniforms and bulky gear .
` ` we do n't do the whole ' work together ' thing , '' sara cover pointed out .
chapter one figueroa the thing about car chases is this : if you re traveling through downtown la at lunchtime , you can forget about them.in that kind of traffic , all you can hope to have in the way of a highway pursuit is a crawling affair where the object of the chase has plenty of time to make a distress call .
it was one thing knowing something because it was obvious , and another thing entirely having someone say it to your face .
the thing is we do have the talisman , he continued .
the first thing that caught my attention were his bare feet , crossed underneath him .
the only thing that remained was a strange look of sadness .
that was the only thing keeping the horror out of my voice .
the last thing i needed was her changing her mind .
it was the saddest thing i d ever felt , filled with a heavy longing and laced with grief .
the only thing basha could do was stare when the bird yelled , wolves !
the only thing that was unusual about monika was that late one night , basha woke up to a strange sight .
the most important thing is never take the sword out of its sheath , unless you know how to use it properly .
the thing that kept her going was that small little glow of the last words that basha said , and how he had looked at her , with his deep , brown eyes .
the only thing i have to worry about is aman .
there is such a thing as knowing too much , especially when the informed mind belongs to an untrained , fourteen - year - old mouth .
lumpy pillows are another thing that i will have to try to get used to , as if i was nt already a restless enough sleeper using the form - fitting pillows i slept with in miles .
she was the closest thing to a stranger that cy had known , and he willingly gave his life for her .
the first thing i notice is crewes strong , tanned back , hunched over on the edge of the bed facing the window .
the second thing i notice is the foul smell that seeps from the small trashcan between his feet .
the only remarkable things about him were his bright green eyes and the presence of a soul that shone from out of them .
aye , he thought , a quiet hallway is just the thing .
there s no such thing as being ready , said mister tameny .
the only thing worse for me than night was doctor moores med increases .
the worst thing about toby was that no one else could see him .
baileys ability to take charge and get her way was one thing that i d come to recognize well , basically because it was a skill i d watched her hone little by little since we d moved to sugar creek .
he had this thing about boycotting the media and avoiding the news ; he had some weird theory that the government controlled everything , and he refused to be brainwashed .
i have a mind of my own , and there s not a thing wrong with that .
so for bailey and her friends silence , i at least had one thing to be thankful for going into the day .
i took a quick drink of water , but it did nt do a thing to settle my nerves .
i could nt remember the last time someone had looked at me that way , listening as if my words were the only thing that mattered .
and as we sat there and talked , i kept watching gabe , observing every little thing i could about him .
the thing was i could make time for him .
if there was one thing i learned from my mother , it was that it did nt take more than a few seconds to just flip a switch on feelings .
i needed a break from reality , and the last thing i wanted was to think about him for another second .
gabe himself had been the one who told me to turn all of my questions into answers , and the only thing i was guilty of was being too afraid to ask him directly .
if there was one thing gabe had been right about , it was that i always tried to mask my feelings with a smile or a laugh .
he d fought too hard to go back to california , and i had a hard time believing that my sudden change in attitude and demeanor had been the one thing that had changed his mind .
the only thing i can think about is how hot and sweaty i am .
the funny thing is that i m not a klutz and i m very coordinated , and come on , how many times a week can somebody fall down and hurt themselves ?
i m already tripping down the stairs the only thing keeping me from taking a fall is the rail that i m desperately clutching .
the thing is we do nt know all the answers .
my feet feel like cinder blocks , the only thing guiding me towards the house is mama pushing on my back forcing me to move forward .
the only thing that really catches my attention is an audio recording captured of a spirit saying , die !
two hours pass quietly , the only thing breaking the barrier of silence is the radio .
you see , its not one thing in particular i love about marilyn , its just ... oh , everything .
at the moment the only thing its expanding are our typing and texting skills .
one thing we do agree on , however , is the fact that being separated over the summer is both cruel and unnecessary , though my dad says it might be cruel , but its more than necessary .
you see , i find out very quickly that the terrible thing about holly is that she s just so awfully , awfully pretty .
that s the best thing about hershes simply holly .
* * * the great thing about being on stage is that the lights are so bright you ca nt actually see much beyond the first few rows of people .
that s not the strange thing , you see .
the elevator doors ping open , and i step out , my heart starting up that familiar boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , because the first thing i see is marc .
the sad thing about it is veras right .
the good thing about having done everything was that everything came easy .
the streets were mostly empty , that was the only unusual thing .
the first thing i saw was my helpless body as it laid there in obscure surroundings .
coty is the closest thing i have .
your analogy falls down on one thing : the motor car was never mine , i did not even ride in it .
stanislav was right ; it was a huge city , and the only thing i could say for sure was that the house was near the river .
but the thing that struck me most was the colour of it all .
no , what about plant , growing , and all the different things we need to know ?
the only thing that changes is your appearance .
the only thing that can move is his mouth .
gors daggerthe only thing grimdin left him withwas clutched in a hard fist .
it was the same thing that elisa saw in him at her cottage , the same thing that made him want to become a doctor , and want to be a vital member in his society .
it was the same thing that elisa saw in him at her cottage , the same thing that made him want to become a doctor , and want to be a vital member in his society .
but the first thing the girls noticed , to their puzzlement , was that the room was completely devoid of anything which even resembled a window .
there had been some progress , but the annoying thing was that she always had the feeling that arlen was quite capable of quick study , it was just that she did nt see the point and could nt be bothered .
the thing that sami most liked about miss fox was that she often asked the class questions .
but the one thing she knew the moment brian asked her was that she wanted to say yes .
my parents think that discovering music is the best thing about finding earth .
maybe its the only thing .
sami suddenly realized that the name of the planet was the only thing she knew about where she was going .
god , the last thing i want is to fret about this all night .
the only cool thing about this room is that it 's upstairs and has a balcony with a view of , well acres and acres of nothing , but still it 's cool .
the last thing i need is for jace to walk over here .
but the thing is i find myself wanting to find out if we have anything else in common .
we talked about every single thing , including the weather , just so we did nt have to call it a night .
in fact , we only agree on one thing .
but he did nt elaborate what that one thing was .
perhaps , its the connection thing .
unfortunately , that s the thing .
and apparently , your father has this thing about isolation .
he has no such thing as signature kill .
this is the other thing that i like about lennox he s not shy to speak his mind .
somehow , his presence , his voice in my head is the only thing that anchors me , the only thing that s keeping me together , the only thing that stops me from losing control .
somehow , his presence , his voice in my head is the only thing that anchors me , the only thing that s keeping me together , the only thing that stops me from losing control .
somehow , his presence , his voice in my head is the only thing that anchors me , the only thing that s keeping me together , the only thing that stops me from losing control .
he was kind of dapper - looking , with that whole graying - distinguished thing that certain older men can get .
when i find nothing and the only thing left is the underside of the bed i hesitate .
the only thing that had been different in her usual routine was her breakfast .
join ash as he races through new worlds and a terrifying cast of characters in pursuit of freedom , his soul and the most important thing he 's ever lost - true love .
the only thing in his favour was that he d been sleeping at his desk for a few nights .
the first thing they noticed were the overwhelming number of people hailing from the colonies of man ; each of which were as diverse as sallerous and ballamew .
the only thing that keeps me around here is your cooking .
i mean , come on , willow , declan said frustrated and began pacing and listing off all the other things he thought about her .
looking around , the only thing that seemed strange about the scene was that her room was uncharacteristically spotless .
if there s one thing i ve learned from surviving in the everwild , its that i m stronger than i think .
but being the head warlocks son had its down side - being forced into the spotlight because of his fathers status , for one thing .
no matter if he wanted to be here or not , the crazy thing about it was that he still found himself totally enraptured by her the second his eyes landed on willow .
and one thing that willow did not show him was complete and obsessive affection .
the other thing that causes me foreboding is that he and des know each other well .
the last thing she needs is more to deal with .
her lips are soft and perfect as my own trace every curve , becoming acquainted with the very thing they have wanted from nearly the first moment i met her .
that s the thing about guardian angels , she says , a hint of a smile at the corners of her lips , where you go , i go .
the other thing that is very disturbing is that there are people everywhere ; men in tuxedos , and women in gowns .
the only thing that detracts from her heavenly appearance is her hair .
dagdron , i know i m clumsy , but the one thing i m good at is fighting .
granted the gruel they fed him at the orphanage was the only thing he really had to compare it to .
the tune of the bird 's chirping changed and the feel of the plants loosening was the last thing jas remembered of his experience with the guardian of aguerius forest before waking up the following morning .
one nice thing about jas always sleeping on the far side of camp from mathen was it put some distance between him and the boy 's impression of a mill saw he often did as he slept .
that was the main thing that had made him nervous , that those good things might go away .
the delicious smell of pancakes , maple syrup and all things sugary hits me smack bag in the face .
you have this thing about you .
heck , i did nt even know if my fellow freshman all around me were taking a moment to feel the same thing , as they toted their boxes , hugged their parents and waved at departing vehicles as they vanished from sight .
but he could have just been goading me over the whole guys gross bathroom habits thing .
but that was the thing about the members of the five .
the last thing we want is to trot in there like a bunch of overanxious high school students fresh from a shopping trip to the mall .
because that was the only thing that remained consistent .
it was the one true thing in life .
the only thing more exciting than seeing the truth through your lens is showing your truth the truth inside you to another person .
they only thing i did know was that dante and i had shared a sexual chemistry that stopped a few seconds short of intercourse .
they still believed that the most dangerous thing about lea was her tail , which was true , but she would also use her fists .
everyone knew that hilda was the strongest of them all , especially since she was in the heavyweight division , but that was n't the only thing that made her a strong opponent .
fate is a funny thing after all .
after that , they both left to go on their way , hoping that by then , julie will have someone to support her , in case she lost the only thing she had .
luisa was in another room , feeling the same thing as lea .
the only thing that saved tania from getting into lea 's punching range , was the fact that she kept moving away from lea .
` ` all right , be careful either way , the last thing we need is you ending in the hospital . ''
the only thing of interest was the trees and the grass , but there were some people around the park too .
the thing about doing a job was that once it started you did nt usually have time to think about anything except the job itself .
for one thing , he knows when any information is being illegally accesseda student hacking his teachers test answer keys , someone stealing the formula for a new drug compound , and anything in between .
the first thing jill felt was jealousy .
annalise smiled in return , the other seraphs were the only thing that made this place feel like home .
the last thing he heard was aries footsteps pounding on the ground as she ran away .
the last thing he wanted the officials to see was his anger , or even worse , his fear .
the last thing he wanted to do was vomit right here in front of this pretty girl .
her hand was warm though , and it was the only thing that kept him grounded to reality .
the last thing ash wanted to do was have to deal with her counterpart .
ash the air stood still this far down in the underground , so the only thing that could be heard was the sound of creatures lurking in the distance and the crackling of the small fire .
the one thing that makes a paladin different , with ghosts i mean , is that i can see them when they do nt realize it .
the last thing i needed was to make myself known here .
any strange death or accident that has happened in this town has the same thing in common .
it was funny because even though we were very different we had one big thing in common : we hunt monsters .
the one good thing about trolls is disposing of them in very easy .
what s the thing with you and cameras ?
as a child it was the next best thing to being outside .
that smell was the only thing that reminded her that they were both still alive .
the thing that bothered him the most was the look that had been permanently frozen on her face .
chapter 66 aliah when he opened his eyes the first thing he saw in the dim half - light was the little mountain of gravel still inside his clenched fist .
he did nt like anybody who he thought was badder than him , because for carlos , the only thing that he was any good at was being bad .
the thing about carlos i could nt quite work out was why they d put him in the c.c.c .
the funny thing was i liked talking to him .
the one thing i really wanted i knew i could never have .
the worst thing about visiting preston was this : he reminded me of dad .
its the one thing about her that never changed : i still ca nt decide whether it was serious or not .
for one thing he was pretty attached to her already .
the thing about people like shelly was they often saw themselves as good enough .
the one thing ouija kept stressing was that she must always remain above suspicion .
it was the closest thing he knew to flying .
the last thing he needed right now was to be yelled at .
the first thing he noticed was they were nt like the old hieroglyphic images of mummies and pharaohs in the pyramids .
the first thing he noticed was that meruzilak had changed .
the one thing he did know was this meruzilak guy did nt like him much .
the blanket was the only thing keeping him from freezing .
for one thing , my dad has nt fought in a battle in his life !
the worst thing about this was what was lying across the floor .
the first thing i noticed was the dull throbbing pain in the back of my head .
get the hell outta here , for one thing .
that was the only thing i could describe there were tons of other smell that i could only describe asmom 's .
i had expected it to feel painful and horrible like my soul was being ripped out of me , but i felt no such thing .
the chamberlain excelled in only one thing in all the world : plotting .
the last thing he saw before facing the dark was a mess of gelfling scars and a face lacking some teeth .
his vision was the only thing that gave him joy .
but that s not the only thing .
the only thing that had changed was the type of tree his new school was named after .
the only thing link discovered from his ill - advised tantrum was a fact he knew already .
but there 's only one thing worse than enduring something terrible , and that 's being forced to wait for it .
the last thing link felt like dealing with right now was another breakdown by his father .
the last thing he saw before the room blurred into darkness was the plastic lining of the shower curtain as it fell over his head .
and another thing ... she acted like the polar bear was just more gossip , like i was some oddity for a freaking grown up show and tell .
the last thing he saw before the doors slid closed was a brilliant flash of red and blue flames that spewed forth from roland 's outstretched hands .
last thing we need is to give those monsters an easy way in .
the last thing he saw was a bright flash of flames as raythuse pressed the button .
for one thing , his glasses were somehow not right , a little too big and a few years out of style .
in fact , there s only one thing bad about jase withers .
the interiors of the shop change , the types of lighting gas lamps , candles set against mirrors being different for one thing , the dresses adorning the ranged mannequins being another .
the thing is , when you re experiencing all those amazing things that the gloves can offer you , the real world outside of you simply ceases to exist .
thick , lustrous , curling in waves in all the right places all the things a shampoo ad assures you could be yours , while somehow never quite living up to its promise .
trust was about the last thing astrid felt .
he d be excited at the prospect of going there now , if it were nt for one thing .
most of our seed is already in the ground , for one thing .
the one thing i most admired about her was her story - telling skills .
that was one thing that made me even sad .
he was a loner at times when things got tough though which you could say was the only thing we almost shared .
there was one thing about them that girls loved : dancing .
winona is a nice girl and one thing we know for sure is that she likes you .
you all know i m the shy type and the only thing girls like about me is my relaxed personality and well , the way i talk to a girl ; i never rush things and do nt get too sure of myself .
one other thing girls were crazy about was the fact that every friday he came to school with his parents black mercedes convertible .
that was the one thing i kind of hated about parties : sometimes you do nt think before you act .
we may not know a lot about danger in awkward , but there is one thing we know well .
there was no such thing as nightmares in awkward until perfection came , the princess revealed , but lately we ve all been having them .
see , there s this odd thing about fairytales .
the only thing visible was his eyes , two glowing red orbs against the darkness .
there s no such thing as perfection , foster said , his voice hard .
the only thing visible was the roof .
outside , the dark pressed against the windows , but the only thing i felt right now was heat .
the only thing i heard was fosters breath in my ear when he said , treat .
there was no such thing as true perfection .
so i would cry every night , which was the next best thing to having a gentle , selfless mother hold me and rock me to sleep .
the dark blues and happy yellows were the most vibrant thing in the room , but they were nt the green and white flower bedding i was used to .
one thing i know from experience is that change is not good .
if i was the only thing the sentinels wanted , why kill my entire family ?
the fierce seriousness in her eyes is the only thing that makes me hold back .
the only thing i figured out when i was five was that no one could see me .
that s just the thing , though .
digging my fingers into the edge of the bed is the only thing that keeps me upright .
this thing that makes olivia special , it did nt transfer to the rest of the house .
being invisible was the only thing that saved me .
this watching mason interact with my family like he s no different than us its the only thing that has stopped me from killing robin .
evies quiet voice is the only thing that stops me .
if there s one thing caretakers are good at , its keeping secrets .
that was another thing that bothered him .
jen 's mum searched desperately for a seat and the only thing available , was to share with a mother and daughter sat on their own on the far side , on a four - seater bench table .
another thing that was bothering jen was the sound .
the thing about girls is you never know their mood .
i guess the biggest thing i noticed was how grand and stately it was , which was weird in an old apartment next to a furniture store in the old south .
the only thing devin remembers is the darkness holding her down and the voices some happy , some upset , and one very agitated .
the first thing i would need would be an apartment .
for hoang - ha knew one thing about gilgamesh that not even the queen of the underworld knew about the kingthat was , gilgamesh could not hope ?
the only thing we d be proving is that the statistics are right , and i know the last thing you want to become is your mother .
one thing with boys is that you ca nt pester them too much or they ll be totally turned off and think you re a stalker .
i thought they d make you spend the summer cleaning out the garage and attic and doing random chores , but i never thought they d he paused and studied me , his eyebrows lowering and he did this thing he does with his mouth when he knows he s being played .
pick out one thing you do nt like about them and do the exact opposite every day .
even though my stomach did this strange flutter thing .
another thing i liked about him .
she did this gasp / flutter thing with her voice .
and is there such a thing as a soul mate , or did i completely make it up from movies and happily - ever - after books ?
i had a feeling that my calmness was the last thing holding her together .
the strength thing was new information to me .
i gave al a hard time about one thing or another most every day .
the last thing i saw was the terrified look on brians face .
that s the one thing i hate about coming down here , all the damn bums wandering around .
the only thing that kept me up last night was the thought of having a good - for - nothing criminal taking up one of our beds .
however , david noticed one thing about the house that looked out of place the front door .
the energy coursing through her body was so high that it made her hair stand on end , but the most incredible thing was her eyes which were solid white .
being with you is the only thing in this world i want .
cheung was the closest thing to a best friend i d ever had .
i had pe first thing so i needed to dump my backpack before heading to the changing rooms .
the only annoying thing about using the orb was i did nt get the satisfaction of seeing the blue flash in his eyes .
knowing of her success was one thing , but sitting and watching my schoolmates excel in their chosen sport of torture was not my style .
the only thing that showed his joy was his eyes , which seemed to be glowing .
no humanity emjay smiled back encouragingly and continued , the thing about light is , it shatters the darkness every time .
the most important thing to remember is you re a lot stronger now .
that s the one great thing about a reborn rage .
savannah first thing i notice when we get to the bottom of the mountain is the rich smell of lots of humans .
his perfect capture record was the only thing that kept him going .
the last thing i want is to make it difficult for you .
it represented the one thing he loathed about sheriffinghaving to euthanize and cremate citizens .
trespassing was the last thing on her mind while moving around the lobby .
the broken windows , burns , and holes through walls were the first thing the noticed .
the last thing he recalled before blacking out was a vibrating hum that reminded him of someone rapidly plucking the strings of a cello .
unfortunately those things varied among cultures , peoples , places and were even documented to have evolved and morphed over time .
in a town the size of tyler , there s no such thing as going on dates alone .
the room is silent for a moment , their breathing the only thing she can hear before he asks , ` ` and that kept you from being scared ? ''
` ` jeff , for one thing .
she pushes up to her toes and presses a kiss on his chin , because that is the only thing she can reach without him leaning down .
` ` the only thing that scares me right now is that i feel the same way . ''
he stifled a sigh and tried not to think about how pathetic it was that a chocolate bar was the only thing he looked forward to at school .
the first thing he noticed was that , unlike the penumbra he had seen on the bus or in the park , he could not see through the castle to the other side .
the first thing peter noticed was that his consciousness became clearer , though his muscles still burned furiously .
the first thing he saw was the blue , cloudless sky that could only mean that either they were in carlion ( since the skies were never that blue anywhere else in england ) or that they were in some other country altogether which , given recent events , was not out of the question .
the only good thing about it was that it could be shortened .
the funny thing was , if mac checked the room around ten at night , or even midnight , it was clean .
that , was the only comforting thing about being in this hospital , that , and the sunglasses now covering his eyes .
it was the closest thing to a solid .
but , since he moved to seoul , more and more , the only thing the gang wanted was his money .
for the first thing , his dreams always took place right where he was at .
heres the thing about hard work : you do nt want to do it , because it seems so hard , but when you finish and can actually see what a huge difference your work made , its all worth it .
last thing i need is to get tripped up .
he never egged his son on he just observed but he always seemed to want for eric to compete that s one thing he encouraged .
sidney knew ryder , there s no such thing as staying friends with the women he dumps , he says there too clingy , that they always try to get him back whether its by making him jealous or by doing something stupider .
good one thing we have in common , ryder said through clenched teeth .
no you do nt a lot of people do nt like their bosses its a fairly normal thing to feel actually , but they deal with it you seem to be doing a lot more than dealing .
the only thing stopping me from approaching her is the fights i ve witnessed happen .
another thing about skylar that is nt at all like most girls is that she does nt own an ounce of makeup , ryder thought as he ran his fingers through her hair waiting for her to continue .
chapter twenty - five : ryder ferris the dance floor was not the only thing different about mrs . delarosas diner .
ryder also noted that there was nt a thing about him on it which was probably eating her up inside but she has yet to say anything about it .
the first one ryder came to was short and it was dated a year ago the only thing separating it from the rest was one word the stuck out on the top - center which looked to ryder to be a tittle .
he had no clue how long she stayed like this but one thing he knew or sure was that she was nt dead .
there were tall poles from floor to ceiling that she had wrapped his arms around and secured him there his feet were the only thing she had tied together .
i know what my father did and most people say i m just like him but one thing i d never do is intentionally hurt a woman in any way i ve seen what it has done to my mother , he said in a very serious tone as unshed tears sparkled in his eyes .
that was the thing about cold , dreary days ; people always wanted homemade meals .
the thing i loved the most about glenn was that exact attitude .
but the most amazing thing about her was her eyes : the color of melted gold with thick , black - brown lashes .
it seems like everything in my life is changing , and i wanted her to be the one thing that stayed the same .
she kept saying the thing she liked most about brad was that he wanted to take care of her .
she did that little snort - laugh thing shed adopted .
shed taken the last thing she could take from me .
the last thing i could deal with right then was the argument that would follow an accusation .
he did that stretching thing guys do when they re uncomfortable with the current topic .
you know , as much as i love being with ethan , he s not the only thing in my life .
following registration , ryan and jack headed their separate ways as double english was the first thing on their timetable .
i ve got a reputation to keep up and the last thing i need is to be labelled a weirdo .
there was one thing they all shared in common though ; for good or bad , all the tales appeared to be coming to an end .
the last thing either of them expected was to meet another person they knew .
its one thing after another at the moment .
that s the best thing about dreams ; something weird and new every day .
the only thing worse than pulling the stunt they were about to do , was doing it while facing the wrong way .
though the bouncing and swinging had subsided somewhat , relaxation was still the last thing on ryans mind .
the last thing he had seen before tristram had come to his rescue were those haunting eyes .
ryan had always wondered whether the roses had a thing about seeing people before being seen , or whether they used it as an early warning so that they could decide whether or not to answer the door .
it was the least the school could do , since it was lacking the one thing i argued with my parents was the most essential requirement to a girls social development : boys .
and now we had another thing in common : our sudden interest in science .
the westwood restroom the good thing about being in panic mode ?
jared the only thing holding me up two and a half hours later , long after brady had left the gym , was the caffeine i d ingested thanks to several sodas , and the resultant trips to the restroom .
but one thing about emmie that should come as no surprise by now ?
i d only known her for a few weeks , but one thing i knew about my roommate for sure : she was full of surprises .
frustration at this lack of ability was always painfully apparent in the way mrs adcock addressed her pupils , and their loathing for her was possibly the first thing they learned upon joining the school .
it did not surprise her that he was the first thing her mind picked up on when she could see clearly again .
i do nt know how long he held me before i calmed down and started noticing little things like his clean pine scent or the gentle way he rubbed my back and murmured into my hair .
in that sexy voice , sleep would be the last thing on my mind .
one thing ill teach you in the coming months is to stand up for yourself .
funny thing was i trusted him .
the only thing daring about it was the deep v - neck .
the only thing that eased my mind was knowing that eric would never miss the biggest party of the year .
the only bad thing about my dads old truck was it was drafty , letting the cold air come right in .
the warmth from the heavy down comforter was the only soothing thing left .
the sounds of cracking and falling trees were the only things i could hear over the howling winds .
it was the only thing that made me believe this was nt one of my nightmares .
there was one great thing i saw in her that i needed .
another time , out of the blue , he asked me , you know the best thing about coming back from the dead ?
it was the last thing i had .
it was the first thing every animal came to know .
the only thing the boy has left is who he is .
that was only thing different about him .
but the last thing i saw in her eyes was n't fear or hatred .
if there was one thing i knew about nisha , it was that i did n't want to leave anything unfinished .
it 's the closest thing i have to home .
we may have just wanted one thing in all the world .
it was another thing i had never done with haruki .
that was the only thing that told me it worked .
the thing you have to know about people , the thing i did n't know until later , is that what they want is so rarely what they need .
the thing you have to know about people , the thing i did n't know until later , is that what they want is so rarely what they need .
the irony was the only thing that kept me from crying .
when i had sung them , i had cut away the one thing great about them .
i only knew him for a short time years and years ago , but if i know one thing about him , it 's this .
haruki stood up , wrapped his arms around my t - shirt protected back , and pulled me close until the only thing i could see were his eyes and the infinite boundless emotion inside them .
the only thing she remembered was that she loved grandma sandy so much that when her grandmother was buried , she locked herself in grandma sandy 's closet just so she could feel grandma sandy 's sweaters and pretend that the old lady was hugging her .
the strangest thing was that they actually maintained a straight face as though they really were serious .
the most irritating thing of all was that i had never noticed kiran and seraphina were a couple .
the only thing i knew about camping , was that every camper in any scary movie i had ever seen was always hacked to pieces .
if you re talking about how i am able to burn down school buildings , or create tidal waves , or make things explode , then yes , i suppose i do possess a certain set of skills ; but the last thing i wanted was for any of that to happen , i folded my arms across my chest and shook my head .
my arms were sleeveless and the only thing keeping the dress on my shoulders was a thin ribbon that tied at the base of my hairline .
my high school experience had thus far been a disaster and the last thing i wanted to add to my long list of high school embarrassing moments was an opportunity to willfully show off what lack of dance moves i had .
the last drop of someones cold , bitter coffee was one thing .
ok , that s the thing !
it was another thing entirely to look like i belonged in a body builder competition , wearing a skimpy bikini and a gallon of baby oil .
his face was the only thing i could see clearly , his piercing eyes , his chiseled jawline , his full , wet lips .
if there was one thing i learned through all of this it was how much i truly loved humanity and most of all the community i grew up in .
i was completely drawn to warmth and heat and the glow was about the most beautiful thing in the world .
the only thing i knew about chase at this point was that he was smart , good looking and way too easily impressed .
and breathing was the most important thing in my life right now .
and anaxandra had been the closest thing to an older sister i ever had .
when everything else in my life felt out of my control , this was the one thing i owned .
the thing about high school girls was they could be the best friends you ever had with the fiercest sense of loyalty or your worst enemy with the flick of a switch .
even though they never said love you back , it had become our thing .
the best thing about the zombie apocalypse ?
that was the thing about living in a world in which it was a very likely possibility that you could end up as someone elses meal before lunchtime , you got to be very good at shooting .
the good thing about driving during the day was that it was okay to fall asleep .
the last thing i remembered was tossing and turning .
the only thing i could nt see were his eyes , since he wore sunglasses .
besides you , it was the one thing i had to remember him by .
that was the great thing about kim .
the whole experience had shaken the three of them and the last thing they wanted was to be labelled as insane .
outside , the sky was black and clear , yet it was impossible to see the stars in the constant orange glow of the city ; that was one of the only things that felicity missed about her previous residence .
when she opened the door , her nostrils filled with the delicious scent of frying bacon and she realised how hungry she was ; the only thing the three friends had eaten the previous night was crisps .
the first thing she noticed was olivers voice .
his voice was nt the only thing that changed .
and yet , one thing he could not escape was the voice in the back of his head telling him to give up , for he had no right to claim any kind of success after the miserable blunders he had committed .
oliver had been right about one thing : felicity was brave when she saw oliver restrained and unable to cast his magic , because that was when she had the power .
she wanted to be normal , a thing that had been in her grasp for such a short time before it began to evaporate before her very eyes .
the one thing it did have going for it was the huge tv and the surround sound system that was set up .
one thing you should learn from this is never have your back turned to an enemy , even if you think they are dead or unconscious .
the sources of bad influence over alberta , sean believed , were both social networking websites , because spending time on them was a waste of time in his book , and myself , because of my problems with the law and the firm sense of entitlement to an opinion of my own ( and it was nt clear , which thing about me he believed to be the worst ) .
although i did nt really enjoy using the giant paper encyclopedia instead of google ; communicating with friends in person only ; watching news on tv and learning merely in class , but as i was a hacker who had been prohibited from using the internet and did nt have that many options , one thing i had become fond of was reading paper books available at nypl .
berry , social networking sites are good at connecting people , but the only thing that is important for me is the connection i have with you .
the most important thing for me is that the girl i love is near me !
well graduate in this may out of high school then start our new life our farmers that the only thing i want .
i bet inside your heart that the only thing you really want , right ?
i ran super fast down the halls to the cafeteria , i look at the digital clock in my phone , it has the hours : minutes : seconds thing .
my last sentence made me giggle a lot cause there 's no such thing as a semi boyfriend .
the interesting thing in all of this is the fact that your short lived species has achieved more than ours has by leaps and bounds .
funny thing about this particular grave , it belonged to a grave digger .
funny thing about this gang , they are very polite .
terry stood on the very edge teetering precariously with joans firm grip the only thing holding him up .
the only thing that did nt return to normal was her facial expression .
the heat is the first thing that strikes me , as it always does .
the second thing is the pleasant aroma of fresh , dewy vegetation .
the last thing i remember is seeing those men falling from their horses .
the southern cities have the most dedicated watchforce in all of eversummer , the one thing that the separate cities share amongst themselves . ''
the second thing he sees is the body ; a large , man - sized hulk , motionless on the ground .
as we move deeper and deeper into the mansefor that is what this place is , comparable in size to my own home in krakelynthe feeling that this place is not a school grows stronger within me.there 's garbage everywhere , for one thing .
our sheer numbers were the only thing holding everwinter at bay all this time .
that s the thing ave there is something about you .
the only thing that is preventing a full - on rebellion is fear .
in fact , the only thing stopping me from crumbling to the ground was ellinas arm linked through mine .
i ' m finished opening this node , and i would devour you , if not for one thing . ''
for one thing , i ' m still alive ! ''
i must admit its an atrociously saddening thing ; my hair is so light .
one thing i admire about her .
and i know we both feel the same way ( another thing in common ? ) .
one good thing came from being a ladies maid for a day : nicer dress and frock .
the kind of friend i have never had before , the kind who was being nice because she wanted to , not because she would be beaten until her brains poured out her ears ; not because it was the only thing socially acceptable .
there was no such thing as manners when you were at the bottom of the ten flights of stairs .
he is like its just as if he were one of my brothers minus the violet eye thing .
that is the only thing that could make my stomach turn so .
its been two days since i had last written and the only thing that is different is the size of my arm muscles .
i have nt left his side in days , and i personally have nt noticed a green thing about him .
its a funny thing ; the happier he is , the happier i am .
the first thing that strikes me is the red hair they all share .
the last thing i need is to be thrown on your radar .
the last thing i need is a fling destroying our progress .
one thing i like about you is that you do nt listen to someone just because they re older than you .
on top of all that , with the dark fabrics clothing him , the strangers right eye was only further intensified as it was the first thing anyone saw beyond the black who are you ?
the first thing they see as their vision slowly clears is the tint of our blades and their blood spilling violently to the ground .
the running around hitting people blindfolded thing .
he was frail and thin , the suspenders over his plaid shirt seeming to be the only thing keeping him upright .
his glow , angelic pressure and strength meant only one thing .
nothing out of the ordinary stood out except for one thing : his muscles had grown exponentially .
# # # # # # # # being a coward is a hard thing to admit .
the hardest thing about the costume was climbing the stairs with the new shoes that the sales clerk at the store said everybody would be wearing .
the first thing i noticed was that he was white , a rarity in alberta let alone in a dps office .
having seen her pictures , we d hoped shed grow into her nose at some point , but so far the only thing growing was her circumference .
but the most amazing thing is if a wizard can see magic , he hugo stopped mid - sentence , glancing at me with a guilty half smile , or now , that would be she , can tell if the magic is sorcery .
the first thing i heard was zarius taunting my secret and forbidden crush , rory devlin .
cheeva did that confused - canine back and forth head - tilt thing .
my father absolutely loathed it if one of us was late to a family breakfast , and the last thing i wanted this morning was to make him mad .
the first thing they noticed was the warmer weather .
with a series of grunts and groans she took their order for some cold drinks and sandwiches , the only thing the restaurant made available on their lunch menu .
the only thing on the menu was fish or hamburgers .
the only thing i was really enjoying was participating in the research .
i felt that someone else was there with me someone who was nt marco , and the only thing i really knew was that i did nt want to be with him .
there is nt a single thing about you that could prevent me from getting closer .
the most terrifying thing was the knowledge it was nt a nightmare .
the first thing my eyes saw was his smiling face close to mine .
the only thing i knew was that i wanted to touch him and be reassured , and we were arguing instead .
the only thing i had on was a pair of dark brown trousers .
the last thing she always washed was her feet .
the thing is , i m always helping you without you realizing it .
someone more powerful , for one thing .
believe me when i say the last thing you want is an elder to pay too much attention to you .
such is the thing that can happen to friendships if they are not looked after .
the first thing he noticed was his hands : the tips of his fingers had become a dark purplish blue .
the blue - winged thing the first thing kurma saw when she woke up was the goose bumps that covered her olive skin .
the last thing she heard was her mother saying that she loved the boys .
well , being in the know is her thing .
the last thing he heard was the sound of heels click - clacking away and the last thing he smelled was kurma , a thick scent of her that he could nt shake .
the last thing he heard was the sound of heels click - clacking away and the last thing he smelled was kurma , a thick scent of her that he could nt shake .
you know , she starts quietly , money is the one thing my bio dad has always given me .
joven may not have been home to many , but to a young man named sansonis , at least , it was the closest thing left .
the thing is , i have no idea where to find them .
that was another thing she noticed .
but no , the worst thing about cities , as far as erris was concerned , was that they had no animals .
she would never know that the only thing that kept her from falling off were the ropes that bound her hands .
the last thing he saw before the ship was carried out of sight by the raging sea was a figure clad all in white , reaching over the rail towards him , only held back from the turbulent , dark blue waters by the hands of two sailors at her side .
the last thing he heard was a voice yelling for the guard .
the nice thing about richard is that he does nt feel like he needs to talk all the time .
the other thing i like about richard is that he is nt condescending .
simon , leaned toward me and whispered , the most important thing to remember when you are riding a horse is to breathe .
for one thing , i was alive and he was dead .
the thing of it is , i do nt think you re crazy .
then , she inquired , ` ` or should i say ' check ' , or ' affirmative ' , or some other spacey - like thing ? ''
anton answered , ` ` to some degree joe ; however , the interesting thing about time travel , as i am sure you know , is that it works both forwards and backwards . ''
avis favorite thing to do was take his shirt off at any opportunity .
that s another thing i loved about tysen , his boyish giddiness for anything related to sex .
the last thing we cared about was who went first .
tim even said mike has this weird thing with feet they d always known about .
colbys vacant stare was the only neglected thing in the whole house .
the great thing about college , marco , he d told me , is everyone gets a fresh start .
and past college there s no such thing as popular anymore , only rich .
was that the only thing you took from today ?
the only thing her actions had ever given me was lucy and now this planet had stolen her too .
that s the thing though .
a nice thing about living on the demon isle .
the coroner discovered a very unique thing about the wolfs bite its missin a tooth , charlie .
i need to keep busy for one thing .
it would always be the first thing anyone saw and the one thing they remembered about me .
the thing that was so enticing was just the idea that we could use the truck sometime without supervision .
probably the most important thing is to experiment until you find a kind that feels good .
hey , jess , that mutation thing reminds me .
for one thing , i d wind up on the states sex offender registry .
the main thing i do nt like about it is that it d be dishonest .
the only thing i can imagine is if staying married to me made her unhappy .
with dad gone you ll be the only thing i ve got .
the only thing that s special is its setting , which is beautiful .
the sweet sugary syrup is the first thing we ve eaten since we left home last night .
that s the thing , see .
one thing rose seems to be obsessed about is jeremy winters .
the only thing i ' m worried about is running into adam again .
that s one good thing about moving .
the only thing i need right now is a quick run .
his room is immaculate , not a thing out of place .
adam was the only thing that kept me together , i finish .
at this moment , the only thing i want , no , i need , is to feel his lips on mine .
i ca n't do that , but let me assure you the one thing that i would never change is being with you .
the last thing his body needs is to be neglected .
# # # # # # # # one thing surrounding life in b.c .
she had to convince herself that she was n't being a slut , for one thing .
the last thing he saw as he blew out the candle was mica pulling the bracelet box tight against his chest .
the only thing sloppy was the way it was hung .
anna one thing you will learn about betsy really quickly is that what betsy wants betsy gets .
that s the thing about our men , the girl grins , putting her mascara away and taking out her lipstick .
shock was the first thing that i remember feeling , and then panic .
yeah , i replied , having noticed the same thing .
the trees were spinning around her , the sky getting darker , and the last thing she saw before she passed out was the bright red of blood on her hands from the gunshot wound that had torn though the left side of her abdomen .
it is the only thing we eat .
( brother , i am coming ) his voice was the loudest thing in my head .
havens head fell back onto the seat and the last thing she saw before passing out was the clear blue sky through the sunroof .
hiding is the only thing that has kept us alive for so long , said corva .
the last thing i need to be thinking of tonight is how woefully inadequate my experiences have been .
the same thing goes for movies and tv meant for entertainment value only .
the last thing i need is to have her wandering the hallways looking for me .
the thing was , most people 's aura 's were muted , colorful sure , this one blue , that one red , some dark , almost black .
one thing is true of our kind , whether full blood or half , we grow stronger as time moves along .
the last thing i wanted was to see them fight again .
it would be so easy but em was upstairs , and the last thing her sister needed right now was more high stakes drama .
you have no idea what kind of person johnny really is , so do nt you dare stand here judging him when you do nt know the first thing about him !
the first thing max noticed were the custom made adidas on his feet .
his gut feeling read loud and clear and if there was one thing he 'd learned in medicine man training , it was to trust his intuition .
one thing we do share are our dark eyes .
sometimes i suspect his voice is the only thing that keeps the silence of the temple from crushing me under its weight .
the only thing i could think of was how on earth did he know my name ?
the adults in the house had all stood firm , mainly because when the adults ate together , the thing they talked about the most was the brightness , and amys mom had told her that children should be children as long as they could , and knowing too much about the brightness would choke the innocence away .
why did every thing about him , and the way lucinda held her close , make her want to run for her life .
the funny thing about damage control is you have to cause damage first .
the last thing katie wanted was ice cream and a facial .
katie clapped and congratulated allison even though the only thing she knew about a level-3 was that is was higher than her level-6 .
every thing about the disgusted look on his face said he knew .
no , i stayed out latei do nt have a cell phonekatalina has a weird thing about people using her phoneim not at her house , she just so happened to find me .
the only thing she could think about was tristans cologne .
the only strange thing was it was dark .
the last thing she wanted was a room full of people staring at her boobs .
but its the same thing , kay .
the only thing eshmael had in the world , there were plenty of women throwing themselves at him everyday , yet he had to take the one who did nt belong to him .
there was one thing different .
he rants and raves , but when he passes out and wakes up screaming , talking about you is the only thing that calms him down .
the only thing they have in common is lawrence .
although , she thought as she paused at the center of the field , i will miss one thing about twin oaks : wide , open spaces .
the scent of fresh flowers was the first thing selena noticed .
the last thing selena heard was something about going to the buffet table before she lost sight of them both .
one thing you will have to learn is that you ca nt give up before you even try .
after a few seconds of falling and ear - splitting screams , it had become clear that selena just was nt getting the flight thing .
the last thing selena remembered clearly before the chaos hit , was a gust of wind working its way up her arm .
my mother was right about one thing .
the only thing he could be thankful for in this situation was the fact that sara did nt understand the sick and horrific threats they were shouting .
one thing about my girls humongous purses , we can sneak all kinds of snacks and pops into the movie .
the last thing i need is a girl .
the treaty for one thing the empress sighs heavily and waves her hand , effectively silencing him .
the only thing that kept me from doing exactly that was the thought that my best friend was only a few minutes up the road and had probably just come from her mommas graveside .
one thing he never was , was quiet .
the other thing i noticed was she would occasionally rub her belly .
the sensation against his growing beard was the only thing that confirmed he was nt experiencing some horrible nightmare .
common sense had been the first thing to go when he met sammy .
if there was one thing about his best friend , the man was unerringly predictable .
right now , you re the only thing in my life that makes sense .
even so , the last thing i remember wasbeing at a summer pool party with my friends .
the only other thing he noted was the incessant movement of her thumb as she scratched the pad of her middle finger , waiting for him to answer .
the last thing she found was a large key ring .
that whole life flashing before your eyes thing .
he was the closest thing to a celebrity they could get , and everyone came out to see him when he stopped in .
looking up into the face of the man who had saved her , the fangs were the first things she noticed , but they did nt look out of place in the handsome face framed by long , blond hair .
ironically , what was irking her was the same thing bothering him too .
one thing she could never resist was menmen of all shapes and sizes .
he did nt know if that was an admirable thing or not ; she just had been that way ever - since her childhood .
the last thing she wanted was to spend the day with that crazy guy .
beth did not like lying , but apparently that was one thing she could not avoid at present .
the only thing that had changed was that now she could think and control herself a little better .
she s so cute i want to hug her all the time , and the flashback thing ?
the funny thing was that it helped to clear her mind .
the last thing she saw from the demon was a victorious smile that seemed to linger in the air even after it had been hit and thoroughly disintegrated by her energy .
the only thing really bothering her was the lack of romantic physical contact and , yes , that means making out instead of only snuggling on her bed .
she did nt want to share her news with her mother , sister , or best friend for fear of what they would think of her but that was nt the only thing that bothered her .
the only thing that he cares about is her money but she does nt know that .
there was one thing that she did notice about him : he was a gentleman .
you would think that balance would be the first thing someone who works so closely with it would think of when planning for a new species .
the only thing that could make it any better was if she knew of my existencemy true identityand we could be together .
the only thing was red was my cute button nose .
it was a strange thing knowing that my body was able to function without consciousness .
my moms face was always the first thing i saw once i finally opened my eyes and every time she looked older .
but back in bryns tree house , when i d reached for her hand , stroking empty air , she was nt the only thing that had disappeared .
danis mild eating disorder was definitely the most annoying thing about her .
the thing about living in a three - light town is that the higher ups ( all three of them ) are nt big on spending on infrastructure .
the thing about nightmares , though , was that you get to wake up from them eventually .
chapter twenty - eight the thing about realizing you re staring death in the face is that you get this wicked sense of clarity .
drooling over the hired help was pretty much the last thing they d have to worry about with me .
that s not the only tree - like thing about him .
trust is a hard thing when you re constantly looking over your shoulder for someone who is ready to betray your secrets .
the only thing i can think about besides hurting her is that she s wearing a tight workout shirt with sleeves that go down to her elbows .
thank goodness class is about to start , because its the only thing that s going to keep me from going for her throat .
its the one thing that really keeps me going .
i wish i could ask him , but zanders presence is nt the only thing that holds me back .
its the only thing that keeps me from losing it completely .
that s one thing he and zander have in common .
he s around ivy , and you said its the same thing .
the only thing stopping him from hurting her is that he loves her enough to hold back , and no offense , but even if zander does nt hate you , he does nt love you either .
the only thing that keeps me from thinking van is two timing both guys is that she s my sister and i know her too well .
repaying my little sister for her unfailing love and compassion is the one thing that keeps me from running off after the eroi right now .
he walked over to mr . deans desk but not before looking into her direction she would have known that face anywhere , it was constantly haunting her in her dreams , though the only thing that had ever stuck out was his piercing blue eyes and the dirt that covered him .
the last thing i need right now is his silence , she thought .
she had no clue what the necklace truly meant to her , all she knew was that it was the only constant thing in her life and it will stay with her till the bitter end hopefully .
it was a macdonalds , imported from america and the best thing about it were the prices .
last thing i wanted was to put my dad through that again .
one thing he hated was the smell of vomit .
it felt weird to know a man had his legs wrapped around us , but the bond between those two was a living , breathing thing that i could appreciate .
the thing about pain in your mind is that you feel it exquisitely but it does no physical damage to your body .
` ` listen , '' he said , ` ` when this whole thing began and the reality started to set in , the very first thing on my mind was you .
if aran understood one thing well about weather , it was the noreaster .
in fact , the only thing slightly girly in the room was a blue ceramic vase on the bedside table that held a single rose .
the sounds of the forest were the only things that could be heard for a couple minutes .
the one thing that kept joyah from becoming completely miserable was her duty as constant guard .
that high chance of flooding thing is a good excuse , joyah said .
jeff did nt know it but he was the closest thing to being a friend she had had before shed nearly shot them at the archery range .
if there was one thing that he did not like about her , it was that pity that she felt for him .
about losing the closest thing i have to family in this run - down , worn - out fallout shelter .
the only thing remotely similar to anything down here is the pure white of isabels long flowing wedding dress that matches the pale walls that surround me .
if there s one thing a school dance teaches you , its that clothing brings out the worst in girlsand some boys .
the first thing that hits me about him is he does nt seem deranged and angry like he was the last time i was here .
basil , adventures with magic just are nt the thing , he commented as he reached for the warmed pastries , the fruit and cheese .
there was only one thing missing , she thought wistfully , as she closed her eyes to sleep that night .
the last thing he remembered , he said , was walking on deck .
the last thing i want is to drain the life of the surrounding area , trees or animals in hibernation would nt stand a chance .
i wanted to feel the thing girls talked about .
over confidence can be a good thing , i tell her as i survey the area .
my heart was the only thing i no longer recognized .
the weirdest thing about this dream is that even though everything was happening to me , it was like i was watching it from above .
there is this one thing that is bothering me .
that is the last thing i need with everything going on with my weird eyes .
the thing about it was that kerri , loree and aimie were the closest things to friends that tabby had and their teasing was the closest thing to friendly interaction that she 'd had with any of her schoolmates .
the thing about it was that kerri , loree and aimie were the closest things to friends that tabby had and their teasing was the closest thing to friendly interaction that she 'd had with any of her schoolmates .
will has that slick latino thing going -- also an unlikely favorite with the cops .
the only thing that connected us was our affection toward his son , nothing else .
the strange thing was that ghosts roam the town even in broad daylight , which was unlike any other haunted place i knew .
but if there were fears from the palace , that only meant one thing .
the hair on the neck thing like there s a ghost or something ; then i looked around me and everybody had their gazes fixed on me .
he does nt look a thing like his mom .
the only thing that changed in the crushing of the grapes is the womens dresses .
the one thing keoni did know was that if he hoped to have a chance with mina , he would have to go to college .
the last thing she saw was the glistening lights before lizzies world turned black .
rose has assured me our paths will cross once more and that s one thing you do nt mess with is a dragons word , he said .
the only thing that seemed out of place was the hundreds of flower garlands that adorned any available space , the scarlet and crimson pink colours glowered like blood splashed across every surface .
one thing i do know is that a troll by nature is fiercely loyal .
lizzie started awake , the cold stone beneath her the only thing she was able to focus on in the darkness , until she realised the hands shaking her were real .
his family , his friends , they were all gone and now the only thing he had had left , his hope that he had lived with all these years , that one day he would see them again had also slipped away , leaving him as empty as the castle he now wandered through .
the first thing she noticed were two monstrous stone dragon statues , hanging suspended in the air , on opposite sides of the hall .
she had still lost the most important thing to her ; her best friend .
lucas , he was the only precious thing she had to lose , and she was nt going to let that happen .
that 's the one thing i never understood about calvin , why he always had to be around his boys .
one thing you could count on was that the more it had to do with corena , the crazier things would get , and of course , the more tammy would be trying to get involved .
the only thing that stopped me , besides kearns who was now standing between us , was that i was so busy thinking about the question calvin was asking .
the one thing calvin never had to worry about with me was jealousy .
the thing i remember , when i think about them hurrying out of the apartment , was that not one of them looked back at the lump of bobby they left lying on the floor .
seemed like the only thing kids could talk about was hope being adopted .
and the other thing i ' m tired of , is hearing about you girls talking behind mine and corena 's backs , and i ' m not gon na have it . ''
he speaks softly with that half smile sexy thing he does .
making her arrival into her sisters bedchamber , the first thing aurora laid her eyes on , everlistas lying on her side , back facing her .
the first thing i see is a stranger , a man in his thirties i guess , he is positively glowing , i mean a gentle glow radiating out from his body , was this my grandfather ?
i am more worried now of my supposed healing powers , a tattoo is one thing but a whole life ?
if he came close to me , the first thing i 'd crush on ff 's body would be his hands .
we are doing the silent , nodding thing again ?
there s one thing about mel i know .
` ` one thing you 're not is disappointing zarah .
i ca n't bear to watch the rest , the only thing i know is that i lie on the mud again , not being able to move , not being able to live .
i ca n't breathe , i look at her and the only thing i can see are those green eyes that have been haunting me for months .
i ' m dizzy and ca n't see clearly , everything is blurry , and the last thing i see before going totally black are those green eyes taking my life again .
the one thing that i take out from this is that as long as i do n't fall for elizabeth , i will be fine .
i am speechless , and the only thing that i know for sure is that i am still holding her hand .
it 's terrible but it 's the only thing that keeps me from talking or looking at her .
i am completely unable to concentrate , because to my own regret , the only thing i can think of is how last night turned out .
my senses are all gone , i do n't know where i am and the only thing i feel is her warmth and passion .
it 's like an instinct thing , i know exactly where i have to open it : first section , prologue .
there are so many places in the world that teach you things , but here , not only have i learned things , but i ' ve grown as a person , i know that , i can feel it , and when i leave , that will be the one thing that i 'll be taking away .
i am human , and no matter how brave i could be , fear is the one thing that pushes us either back , or forward to beat anything .
that is the only thing it matters . ''
i wo n't ask about it , it 's none of my business and the last thing i want is an awkward situation with whom has been sent to help us undo our wrong , somehow .
though i had to admit , there was one thing that made the thought of a school dance sound appealing the getting ready for it .
the last thing i needed was the cold air outside hitting a damp head of hair .
though the only thing yellow about my road was a set of fading double - lines , a wicked witch with a horde of flying monkeys would have been a much fairer storm to weather .
the only thing that seemed somewhat traditional about the sweet little old lady was her cropped , pixie - length silver hair but even it was extremely trendy - looking on her .
but right then , etiquette was the last thing on my mind .
i swear the only thing missing were the nerve - racking ticks of a countdown clock .
the only thing i felt was miserable , with a touch of dread .
as heartbroken as what someone would think i would ve been at this moment , strangely , emotional pain was the last thing on my mind .
my image was the only thing left in its reflection .
that s the crazy thing about it .
the only thing shocking was your aim .
but the funny thing about it , my head stayed perfectly in place .
aside from the crying and sad reflections , the thing that baited my thoughts the most and forced my mind to race wildly was the question i kept repeating over and over why ?
that s the only thing one - hundred - percent safe about it .
that s the thing about time you never know when yours is up .
that was the last thing i needed or wanted right now .
oh , and shilohthe most important thing to know about a sword is never , ever draw it unless you re prepared to use it .
the most disheartening thing about my practice session was nt my skills , not in the least .
and the best thing about it is no dropped calls , she added with a wink .
that was the last thing i needed !
that was the only thing about sweet ole up - for - anything naomi perkins .
my own paranoia was the only thing i had to keep me company while i waited for tanner to return .
restrained , i watched the man who was the closest thing i had left to a father disappear behind the double doors .
and that was nt the only thing new .
the first thing i spotted was the clock on the wall .
the only thing i wanted !
but the worst thing had to have been that i could hear and feel everything going on inside his head .
dizzy always said one good thing about his name was that if he heard someone shouting it , that person definitely was calling for him .
the only thing i can think of is belle from beauty and the beast , dizzy answered .
the funny thing is she probably wo nt even be surprised at what my dad did .
it should have been the first thing he knew when he looked at her , but it never came .
the final thing that peyton noticed about this girl was her brilliant green eyes , that seemed to sparkle under the light of this strange garden .
* * * * * when peyton awoke , the first thing she saw were the leaves and branches of the trees hanging above her , rustling gently in the breeze .
the only thing that moved was eves long vibrant red hair as the breeze gently brushed against her locks .
the closest thing peyton could think of in similarity to the chirping noise was a short , loud , high - pitched , purr .
the first thing he could remember after being shot was looking down at himself , his bleeding corpse lying on the ground , his former squad having already walked away .
one thing darius was certain of , though , was that peyton would not have to lose her soul to azrael .
the last thing he could remember , before finding himself in this place , was her face .
with his other hand , he was holding peytons arm , gripping tightly , the only thing that kept her from falling to the ground .
the one thing that was burning at that particular moment , however , as i walked home with stephen , was the memory of the life class , and having him on my arm , his hip nudging mine , was like a bellows pumping the flame , making the coals glow brighter .
looking around me , it was little wonder that the thing i craved above all else was freedom .
they were all older now , for one thing , and more able to cope with bereavement .
her name is dee , not her , and since she came along the only thing i ve come to understand is how much hard work motherhood is .
he s so inoffensive , that s the thing .
that s the thing i d enjoy most if i had a car , going off on my own at night , driving along dark deserted country roads and forgetting about everything else .
a fondness of shakespeares just one thing that we ve found we have in common .
' fortunate , ' said virginia , recalling that the only thing to recommend the beaumaris was that it had wall to wall floors and ceilings .
she would have left , found some place else to drink ; the only thing that kept her in her place , like a moth pinned in a display case , was the fact that so many outstretched legs had her caged and there were so many drinks placed before her .
his flat had furniture , for one thing , and virginia sank back contentedly into a rocking swivelling armchair , then immediately felt sick .
she stopped at ottys cafe , just around the corner from home , thinking that some breakfast was the thing to strengthen her .
mikza was the one thing the king could never have .
though her name was ember , fire was the last thing she was made of .
the last thing rhen thought before he crashed to the ground , slipping into the darkness , was damn it , cal , why must you always be right ?
fate is a funny thing .
yet in some ways , her beauty was nt the best thing about her .
for one thing , there was only one figure sitting in front of the fire with a lone tent pitched up nearby .
then i think about her end , her untimely , unfair end , the thing i hate the most about it is that in spite of the sadness that sits at the pit of my stomach every time i think about it , there is also an anger , an anger that this woman that loved me and snuck bowls of ice cream to me for breakfast on monday mornings before school , the woman that brushed my hair and spent hours picking out clothes for me , that woman , would lie to me my entire life and then leave me at a time like this to face the things she was supposed to prepare me for .
but in the angel world and the nephilim world , there is one thing that remains consistent , the ability to bond ourselves to a mate .
of course it would be the first thing to go .
i step inside the room , and the first thing i notice is the wooden bedcompletely bare except for the thin pillow .
that s one thing that s unfair about this ; the guys can just whip it out and do their business .
do you think there s such a thing as love at first sight ?
i look at the ground , my shoulders doing that squirmy thing that i hate but ca nt seem to stop myself from doing .
its a strange thing , having someone look through you .
harming me would be the last thing on their minds .
the only thing that we know is that some sort of mutated creatures reside there .
the first thing i spot is a minor mark in the titanium on the outside of the door .
but the most compelling thing about him was his eyes .
` ` that 's the tricky thing about this particular ring , '' said mr . marlin , almost as an afterthought .
one thing i knew for sure was that poindexter had belted me numerous times lately , giving me two black eyes .
` ` you know , '' said a sudden voice from somewhere near my hand , ` ` there 's a curious thing about vampires . ''
then again , i d feel bad for the frogs if your ugly face was the last thing they saw before they died in the name of science .
one thing she knew for sure was when dane felt strongly about something , he was very vocal in his defense of it .
the most unusual thing about dane was that he seemed to find ways to get under her skin and annoy her in some way .
you ca nt take away the one thing that gives me purpose in this life , yara .
the only thing i m good about , was being able to defend myself because i knew how to use a weapon .
the only thing i could remember was those clear gray - eyes peeking through the holes on his scarred mask .
the first thing i saw were the dragons lifeless eyes , along with the heavy blood pooling under it .
there was something familiar about the way she looked at me as if i m drawn to the only thing she had in common with something crashed above us .
the mask was the only thing i saw .
the only thing that i see , was his black coat flying behind him , and the scarred mask .
i always felt like an outcast growing up and the last thing i needed was for the rest of the world to know how much of a freak i truly was .
my adrenaline high was long gone and the only thing left was an overwhelming feeling of exhaustion and the dread that i felt as i contemplated the punishment that was sure to befall me once my mother found out that i had been sent to the principals office .
the funny thing was , it seemed like she did nt even realize just how attractive she was .
the weird thing was that she was nt that way when it came to my older brother pj .
as always , the only thing hurt was my pride .
the only thing holding me back was the fear of her thinking that i was a freak .
the only thing that troubled me was that the weight of my 700 - pound body was threatening to break off the portion of the ledge that i was holding onto .
the last thing i remembered was blazing through the streets trying to reach 200 miles per hour .
that heartache was the only thing that allowed me to calm myself .
hearing those words from the girl of my dreams should have filled me with the utmost joy , but the only thing that i felt was a piercing guilt that grinded away at my soul .
the funny thing was , jason was probably thinking the same thing about me .
he s the only thing that makes me nervous about this .
an interesting thing about the strangers is that most of the members preferred to remain anonymous , even amongst themselves .
from the waist down , he wore the same black combat gear as his fellow strangers , but the only thing he wore on his insanely muscular upper body was the white tape that was wrapped around his forearms and hands and two swords that were strapped across his back .
the only thing that kept me from passing out was the sound of jason getting absolutely hammered by tango .
the slice of bread you ate yesterday will likely be the last thing you ll ever eat .
the only thing in the world at that point that could match the strength of my love for her , was my hatred for him .
the only thing capable of stopping my rampage in that moment was the sight of her lifeless body dangling from the rope tied to the rail at the top of the stairs .
i thought that it would bring closure , but the only thing i felt as i zoomed away was an overwhelming desire to end it all .
it 's a hard thing to define .
she was the first thing i thought about when i woke each morning and the last thing as i drifted off to sleep each night .
she was the first thing i thought about when i woke each morning and the last thing as i drifted off to sleep each night .
having a lord , who is also my trusted friend , and a man i would follow by choice , is the thing i ' m most grateful for .
ya that is the only thing that christine likes about me going out there .
hey there girl you be careful , the last thing i want to see is you crashing in front of me .
that is one thing i miss about smoking , making love on the stuff is fan - fucking - tastic .
and the best thing about it is i just know its going to keep getting better .
and he does nt want to give them all his chips and chocolate as its the only thing he has to eat .
chapters one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty - one twenty - two twenty - three twenty - four twenty - five twenty - six twenty - seven one the first thing mordock noticed that night was the owl , the way its silhouette careened through the streaks of cold gray rain .
the second thing the old man noticed was the river raging below , the way it shook the narrow wooden bridge beneath his feet as it swallowed the muck and garbage spilling in from the dark citys cobblestone streets .
the third thing mordock noticed was the fire , flecks of light on a distant mountain , flickering like a candles flame .
the worst thing about him , oakren said , is that he always gets what he wants .
enzyme seven is the only thing they all got in common .
* * * the last thing old man hoyt remembered before passing out was the eerie song that led them to sandcastle city blasting through the speaker wall .
maybe its harder to use my flair than i thought , or maybe there s such a thing as an immune human .
another thing that bothered him was the power outage .
the odd thing about them was they looked as if they had been styled that way on purpose .
the first thing gatsby noticed as he entered glen 's house was the smell .
the last thing that he could remember was gazing at alanna .
but for all the decorations and ornamentation employed by the carriage , the thing that made it stand out the most , was the fact that it was entirely gold plated from front to back .
the only thing off , besides the fact that there really was n't anyone around , was the amount of dust in the store .
the second thing that alanna noticed was under the seal , or rather , under thomas ' arm .
that 's the thing about wizards .
now the thing you 'll need is space .
* * * * * the first thing thomas was aware of , was the sharp pain radiating from the top of his head .
all the thoughts of winter had brought back the one thing that he missed this time of year .
the first thing that hit thomas was how clean the room was .
one thing you ll soon learn is that the redemption takes care of you .
that s the thing about seers , child .
and i do nt know if its because he s the last thing i think about every night and the first person i wish to see in the morning .
naw , there s a little thing call gravity .
every last thing about the realm .
chapter twenty - five the thing about marsh hare is , said ignat as he huffed along on his waterwalkers .
holt might like hanging out with me , but it was pretty clear that he just wanted to be friends , and the thing that had nagged at me earlier came back at the end of the evening .
the one thing i did know was that the smell of salt water was getting stronger , which meant that i was walking toward , or along , the ocean .
for the first few minutes , the only thing that broke the silence was the noise of different animals hooting or scuffling around in the forest .
i had a hunch that after today , after holt told me what was going on , the very last thing anything would be was easy .
because he does nt have the same effect on flowers and people , i said , remembering that the only really unusual thing about samuel had been the cold .
the last thing i heard was someone calling my name .
the only thing letting me deal and cope with this burden was repeatedly telling myself that the old man was a cannibal .
the sound of my own beating heart was the only thing i could hear , the only thing that told me i was still alive .
the sound of my own beating heart was the only thing i could hear , the only thing that told me i was still alive .
the one thing colin and i had in common was that we were looking for someone in marine .
one thing that plagues every single human mind .
but as soon as i speak those words , i realize that accusation is nt the only thing that is lacing those words , nervousness is too .
* * * * * the next morning , yesterday that is , when i woke up , the first thing i felt was the anticipation for what today would bring when i went to school .
as soon as i walk in his office , the first thing i notice is the interior decoration .
i nearly give up but the one thing that makes me grip the machinery tighter is the desire to beat these doubts .
it was possibly the most comforting thing he d ever experienced , and even though he knew , of course , that it had to end , he sincerely hoped that it never wou okay , said maeve , releasing him rather abruptly to clap her hands on his chest , give him a quick , sad smile , and then , rather abruptly again , seize him by the hand to pull him up and out of the booth .
* chapter 8 hearing emma weeping down the phone , the first thing that flashed through chrissys mind was concern for jial : she still was nt here .
not a single thing about the the what ?
he said , you look like a monster for one thing .
pride is a funny thing .
that s the dangerous thing about working in the palace .
but the only really good thing about eating in the lowlands is coffee .
its the only thing about lowland life that s better than what we have in the mountains .
and its the same thing all over .
for one thing , they re definitely not vicious .
i have never been happy , so the only thing that can depress me is happiness : the kind of happiness that peeps through the window like a ghost and by the time i open my arms to embrace it , it has already vanished .
at least , they had one thing in common : they both hated huxley , der , and joe .
for one thing , they had grown more respectful of him .
the first thing that caught his attention was the photograph .
it was the one thing she knew nothing about .
remember i told you hope is the thing with feathers ?
i guess the most important thing to remember at our age , because its too easy to get sucked in , sucked into the abyss or whatever , is avoiding the things that make you lose yourself .
the strangest thing was the feeling that the dream left me with .
mom and pop shops , old lamp posts , historic buildings , colorful tree leaves , cottage homes , were among the many things i saw on my way to my new home .
if there s one thing i ve learned in life thus far , its that i m stronger than i ve given myself credit for .
the great thing about living in a furnished rental was that unpacking was a breeze .
the only thing i focused on when i was with him was he and i .
one thing i was sure of was that i loved echo more than life itself .
chewy said he kind of felt the same thing while on the court except for the punch he got .
it seems that s the one thing she does nt understand much about .
it was the only thing liberal about her .
but given my current situation , the only thing i was worried about was the strange hallucinations i d suffered earlier in the day .
one thing that bothered me was the fact that i kept searching for jace in the crowd .
that was probably the only thing we had in common .
it was torture to rein in my feelings , to deny myself the one thing i wanted more than anything .
whoever broke into my apartment tore the place apart , but my gift from dad was the only thing missing .
she and jace had some creepy mind reading thing going on , and i did nt want him to pick my secret out of her brain .
the only thing that could make this moment sweeter would be to have you here with me .
my dreams were the only thing that kept me hanging on from one day to the next .
the idea of hearing your voice is the only thing that will get me through .
love , bryce i realized after reading his email that bryce had some deep - seated insecuritiesyet another thing we had in common .
i struggled to stay awake , my fear of seeing revel in my dreams the only thing that kept me conscious .
jaces voice was the last thing i heard before i sank into the oblivion of sleep .
pick one thing about your partner that you can use to genuinely build up and take turns telling the other person .
the funny thing isthe magical thing is , that when you intend to have something happen , and you let others know about it , and you start working toward it yourselfthings start happening , things fall into place to help you .
when we returned i was n't angry with my parents anymore and running away was the last thing on my mind .
his eyes were the only thing that moved ; they were tracking from person to person and barely blinked .
the link that willow had worked hard to teach me was the only thing i could sense .
perhaps it was my lack of training , or because i was this vunjika thing , but it felt like i was trapped behind a mental wall .
this name was the one thing keeping me going despite the cold water seeping up my legs .
nick 's voice was the last thing i heard before my forehead hit the corner of a desk .
i jerked forward , the frayed seat belt the only thing keeping me from marrying my face to the windshield .
i could feel the fire burning through my veins and sleep was the only thing that was keeping it at bay .
if there was one good thing about my brother , he did always keep his promises .
eugene yoshida one of the things that i really loved about our neighborhood was all the people.willow knelt in the grass and picked a dandelion and blew at it , sending the seeds flying.different kinds of people , different kinds of ideas and thoughts all bouncing off each other like a thousand pin balls ricocheting around a small game board.she smiled as the seeds swirled around her head like ethereal fairies.is n't it interesting ? she touched one of the floating seeds and bright light consumed the world .
the only noteworthy thing about it was the man i saw waiting on the curb outside the main doors of the rest .
the jump meant one thing : the continuation of my journey into alien territory .
if there was one thing i had picked up from nick or every spy movie out there , it was that any phone can be bugged .
willow leaned against the edge of a tree -- one of the things that i really loved about our neighborhood was all the people .
the only thing that surprises me is that no ones noticed this up until now .
the only thing we had in common was our eyes .
maybe it was a fallen angel thing or maybe it was a keller thing .
the only thing it had going for it was that because it was the newest dorm , it had the newest furnishings , including large screen tvs in every common room .
marijuana from zeke is the last thing i need .
meds are the last thing i want to talk about .
it 's the only thing that helps me tolerate the waiting .
the last thing i need is mom staying home with me today .
making her feel sad is the last thing i want her to feel when she gazes at me .
the only thing i have going for me is the element of surprise .
but it all revolves around one thing . ''
and the one thing i want is to be with you forever .
however the last thing he saw was something shocking .
` ` it 's the only thing keeping me alive . ''
the last thing lara looked at were her eyes .
sound slowly fell away , but the last thing charlotte felt was alex 's hand on her side .
every single thing about what was happening was completely off the scale of normal .
the last thing i wanted was to head back out with a clearly affected , reddened face and a breathing problem .
was there a hospital close by , because this pulse quickening , unhealthy heart rate thing did nt seem to be agreeing with me anymore .
i wanted one thing and that was to make it to my room as fast as possible .
but the most important thing was the medium sized tank top .
the only thing that bothered me was a sudden over welling need to pee .
my profile pic was the first thing she changed .
everything in the room went still and silent , the only thing i could hear was the sound of my heart beating against my chest .
i had too many things to worry about already , and my parents breathing down my neck again was the last thing i needed .
the only thing he s a master of is being honest , sweet and heartfelt .
the only thing that mattered was making him feel better .
the one thing about tiffany was that she was nt afraid to make a fool out of herself .
the only thing i know is no boys have ever liked me and maybe they never will .
the only thing i knew was that i had one drama- filled day so far .
the coolest thing was that our names were being use in the same sentence .
with everything that i went through today the last thing i needed was to have to explain it all to my mother .
i took my time coming down the stairs because my nerves were totally gone and the last thing i needed was to have to face something else .
the only thing she did was listened as i rambled on .
the last thing they wanted was the equivalent of having their sand castle kicked over .
the only thing that saved me was the yen i had just received .
how can you not look out over there and see the same thing i do ?
revenge would be the last thing on their minds .
alan greene was trying to play the whole incident down ; the last thing he needed was to become embroiled in a lengthy investigation .
one thing he had to concede after the first five minutes , was that professor ajay ransundar was a natural communicator .
all great conmen have one thing in common : an excellent sense of timing .
and the last thing any business needs is to be caught up in illegal activity .
but they all had one thing in common : they never shot back .
the one thing jonas stone hated more than anything else was to be laughed at .
those were the noises in her city , the noises to which she had become accustomed to since she was a child , but that seemed to have been banished from that place in the middle of a forest where the only thing that could be heard was the whistle of the wind through the trees , the clattering of branches ... she went back inside the house and opened her backpack to get her mobile .
he knew one thing from all of this , he already felt tired .
he knew one thing about jelly fish stings , they could kill you .
the first thing he saw was the wheelchair .
its the closest thing to swimming for her now .
that was the most amazing thing about the scene , although it was just one of many amazing things .
seeing your own future , that was always the hardest thing : so many of your own , meandering thoughts getting in the way , your own hardening beliefs of what you hope really lies ahead for you .
jills face is the first thing i see when i look up .
that s one thing about him i still admire ; his humble and down to earth attitude .
i am thinking long term nyema , being a freak is one thing but being remembered in the annals of history is on a completely different level .
we were being overwhelmed with imagery and the crazy thing about it all is that it felt great .
it was a truly humbling experience to be a part of something so great we were all speechless yet anxious to get back home and experience what was discussed with our future selves and put these discussions into practice because the one thing that we did know is that it would be taxing both physically and mentally .
` ` it 's a funny thing about friends . ''
the last thing i see is her blurry face .
the closest thing to a coffee shop is the espresso machine .
best thing about job in pipes , he chuckled .
the executioner cursed to himself , muttering that if there was one thing he hated it was being hurried .
the last thing they need is more excuses to start on you again .
we have nt got any equipment with us for one thing .
if there was one thing the king hated more than anything else , one thing you never did , it was to interrupt him whilst he was talking .
if there was one thing the king hated more than anything else , one thing you never did , it was to interrupt him whilst he was talking .
there is no such thing as friends , only business opportunities look , if its cash you re after , ill happily double the two hundred .
the only thing she s missing is a pair of bulky black glasses .
the last thing that i want is for anyone to get hurt .
the first thing that registers is my toothbrush still in my mouth and the drool running down my chin .
the thing that bothers me is that its only used by the dark .
this new thing he felt from her was going to take a little getting used to .
the last thing she heard before totally blacking out was colins cold , emotionless voice , no adults .
the last thing i remember is trying to get to you .
for one thing , i m not going to worry about it .
your doctor said the only thing keeping you from playing soccer is your mind .
the only thing that had nt changed was his grandfathers brown 1979 fleetwood .
in fact , i was so tired that the only thing keeping them on my head was how tightly clasped my fingers were .
funny thing was , no other group made any attempt to recruit me or even fuck with me .
the smoke circling around inside the booth , hid everything , the only thing i knew was that he was still upright .
having a fear of snakes is one thing , but having a fear of snakes and having thousands of them slithering towards you can be overwhelming .
` ` i ' m sorry counselor , you are the last thing on my mind and to be truthfully honest , i do n't really care . ''
and you know the thing about a horse 's ass ?
and the thing about guys , you know ?
looks were the last thing we were concerned with .
` ` you have this thing where you really think you know what people are thinking and feeling and you know , you 're really not always right .
the odd thing about the article , though , was that lola knew its basic premise to be utterly true .
and it occurred to lola that the american love of bluntness and your feelings be damned might be one thing which seemed barbaric to him .
the perfect thing about it was its location in relation to the beach .
if caridad was my most successful street reclamation project , aurelio was my bitterest disappointment , though i would never tell him that ; he had been orphaned since the age of three , and the last thing he needed was to feel more like a failure or an outsider .
there was nt a decent thing about him .
my point is if we go into court and say you do nt know anything about the church , had never been there , so on and so forth , the only thing that s gon na keep a jury from bringing in a quick guilty verdict is if they were looking forward to a fancy meal paid for by the state .
the only thing i do nt like is the reformers part : they stink of church and gaidar .
the only thing for certain was that as a skater , i sucked compared to them .
when i tried to pull her out , she would do this horrible whimper - growl thing i never heard before .
the fucked up thing about it was that she did nt have any proof that i did anything .
that s the most beautiful thing about the plan .
well , see , i do nt know his number for one thing , and anyway its kinda late .
the only thing that was uniquely me was my particular history and memories , but these were hardly reliable .
its a funny thing about trees -the variations they can take are infinite , the number of branches , the twists , the leaf distribution , the angle -its infinite .
only thing i know on melrose is that hamburger joint , sammies spacecraft .
its good practice for one thing .
the annoying thing is that the press is on their side , jonathan grumbled .
one thing that was different about this crime boss .
the point of the tower was the first thing to pass by her hip , her arm followed in an upward arc .
walking was the only thing that cleared her mind .
every scent , sound , and taste felt like one thing .
one thing she prided herself on was her toughness .
there was still a possibility that a dea agent might be staking out the hospital lobby , for one thing .
the thing that gets me about that no p. c. rule is that these patients have been in isolation , some of them , afraid of other people .
one thing that his one - the - job training had taught frank was the importance of structure .
the last thing she could recall was being stood over the sensor desk in her lab , carefully wrapping her artefact in cloth to protect its priceless form from harm .
the first thing that struck louisa , other than the stark splendour of these magnificent viewing rooms , were the disparity of groups present .
the most interesting thing about all the mesoamerican calendars is that they all start on dates before the civilisations that created them came into being .
the only thing he could see when he tried to recall the last few days was the lifeless face of his son .
the only thing that stood in their favour was that they outnumbered their opponents at least ten to one .
last thing you guys need is to lose all your evidence .
and that was the even more funny thing .
it has every last thing about every movie ever made .
the only thing left behind was a streak of blood that trailed out the door .
the scary thing is that it became so peaceful once i stopped struggling .
there was one good thing about that dayi was special again .
sleeping was the only thing i wanted in that moment .
it was a rare thing to hear my mom stand up to my dad like she did that afternoon .
i see now that i was ill with this thing you called bipolar disorder .
the thing that intensified his embarrassment , at his lack of faith in the judgement of his colleagues , was the fact that here they all were , less than four hours later , celebrating not the success of the suggestion over which he d poured scorn , but the solution of the subsequent clue .
food was the last thing on any of the challengers minds as lunch time approached , but appetites soon returned , once bob had made public what he d learnt .
the thing that did it for me , last night though , was one particular memory .
its not such a bad thing , waking up to the new year .
the one thing they could not find , however , was a title with any reference to specific numbers .
for one thing , i was situated in a location several hours driving distance from here .
there was such a thing as status now , you had to have something going for you or you became invisible .
that s the problem , the only thing that all nightmares have in common is fear , and if you let it overcome you , its almost impossible to get out .
he had sat down the minute he walked in and started talking about himself as if he were the next best thing to milk and bread , he was trying to figure what selah had ever seen in him .
and it could make them do incredible feats to obtain it ; selah would do what no other had yet to do for that one thing , love .
but on the night of queenies arrival , the night before harvest festival weekend , there was one new thing .
so , a bit of solitude being a precious thing , i found a possie on the ground against a fence and started digging through my backpack .
i wonder now if that s a thing asael had sensed about her ; like he had an inkling that he and i the whole town , in our separate ways , needed her .
* * * so , one thing about kevin was that you could have a heart - to - heart with him while eating fairy floss , while looking at jam in the show pavilion or while leaning on the counter in the bakery .
that s the thing i know about men , by the way ; in case you were wondering .
imaginary arguments the one thing i hate about alone - time !
the thing with asael is that sometimes , if you get really angry with him , you can make him change his stories get him to admit that they re only delusions .
only thing that s probly not been shaken is his ego !
one thing about the past its always there , just behind you .
one thing that caught my attention was a framed family photo of the reverend , rita , grandma g , bridie and me , on the wall beside the bed .
i m not taking any bets on the mobility thing yet !
doubt was the last thing on my mind .
the thing he dropped hints about .
but its a strange thing , i ve learned , that answers often just generate more questions .
the first thing she notices is that the handwriting is different .
he d said he liked me , for one thing , and in my book , anyone with taste that strange deserved at least a little sympathy !
the second thing i noticed was the thin plume of smoke that continued to rise from rosemarys funeral pyre behind the house .
for one thing , johnathon and bridie had spent days in the hospital , only rooms apart !
but queenie being the next best thing , i reached out and gave her the heel of my hand .
girl , a thing you need to learn about me is , i never give anything up .
and another thing to keep in mind that will help you deal with such situations , is that anytime something bad like that happens , it means that the angry person is actually afraid of something .
later , after returning to japan , i tried to discuss this issue of guilt with my mother , but she was not a complex thinker ( not always a negative thing , of course ) .
the other important thing , is to have no preconceived requirement for what the outcome will be .
your thoughts are the only thing you need to focus on in any situation .
the same thing happens with healers .
while tom was growing up , alcohol was the first thing his dad went for when he came home from his job at the car dealership .
thomas alexander cleaves loved to drink , he loved his drugs , and he loved life , and he used to think it was all the same thing -- all the same thing , until loving to drink and drug was hating life , floating to death , and being pulled downstream to forever oblivion .
the cages could nt separate them from feeling the same thing .
that was one thing the farm had going for it , the turkeys could roam , they were nt stuffed inside a barn where they ended up pecking each others eyes out and becoming cannibals like some other places .
for one thing , he was devastatingly handsome , a classic latin lover type .
the first thing he saw , right where he d left them , were his backpack , boots , and blanket .
besides , i ve heard the only thing the silveri do not give up on is drinking .
but one thing she knew : they would learn to respect their emperor .
one thing antonio demanded of all people was respect .
the trainer kept talking as if everything they do is one thing , but what if they have different ideas about what to do ?
for one thing , there is nothing , as of yet , to report .
he saturated it with dark energy , the building block of this prized possession , the one thing he had taken from that world which had cost him all else .
the first thing she felt when entering the apartment was the cold .
he was tired and looked skinny , but he had nt been hurt , and that was the main thing .
the only thing angelina inherited from her mother was the hair , which was dark - blond , voluminous and unruly a striking contrast with her brown eyes !
the stories were well written , there was a lot of suspense and detection , but the main thing was that they were all based on real life .
even marina , for whom the beauty of the city was the last thing on her mind , was in awe .
the thing that had provoked eugenys disappearance was marinas sudden arrival .
the cool thing about a good jazz song is that you can get a full - body experience without a full band .
that 's the great thing about jazz ... it 's free form , no rules to which one must adhere .
oh , and just as a matter of course , in conversations i rarely use the term god anymore since people have so many a priori assumptions about what that term means , and if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , it 's that assumptions tend to close doors of opportunity .
that 's another thing i ' ve learned ... that most of what 's important can not be explained , defined , mapped out or controlled in any way , shape , or form .
the really cool thing about embracing this whole i do n't know thing is that i can cheerfully and enthusiastically share my beliefs and just as cheerfully and enthusiastically let them go if they prove to be unhealthy .
one thing they did have was their reputation for providing exceptional soldiers who were extraordinarily fit and athletically gifted .
he was even ridiculed for lack of material possessions , for the only thing of worth he owned was the medallion rehm had given him .
the great thing about this racket was the long - term income stream .
the first thing was watching how building 7 , the building that did nt get hit by a plane , fell .
the scary thing about her was she had a powerful intuition ; it was impossible to lie to her .
the one important thing i had in my favor with all these guys was that they really did nt understand what i did .
okay , you have to tell me , what s the worst thing about me ?
the next morning when i got into the office perlini came into see me first thing .
when they come for you the only thing you have is your family .
one the other hand , if its an eternal rhythm the only thing that has changed is the quantity of pieces and the tempo or speed , but the underlying system is exactly the same .
the only thing that gave me solace was the thought of smack because the booze had stopped working .
the only thing i had left was some pride but i was willing to trade it for one more moment with her .
one thing that is worrying me , the more time goes by that i do nt drink , the more i m interested in the occult and the less in work .
to become whole you must embrace that side of you because there s no such thing as good or being good ; there is only being whole .
you know babe , one thing that i ve realized since i arrived the second time is that i m no longer afraid .
strange thing about squirrels , rabid squirrels attacking .
the only thing about him that was unexpected should be understandable , given the circumstances of his arrival .
one thing that mike had always liked about the university of marylands college park campus was the way it was built .
its entirely possible , although you are crazy if you think my memory will be the only thing you need to search .
the only thing wrong with it from a guy standpoint was that it was an automatic transmission .
the satin against my skin was the most exciting thing i had ever felt in my life .
well the only thing he needs is some antibiotics and he should be fine .
writing had always been a difficult thing for me .
and the one thing that made this such an attractive target was that there was n't a car in the drive so it looked like no one was home .
the only thing about this house was that it was built in a time when everyone left their doors unlocked and nobody stole from one another and both the front and the back door had these big picture windows in them so you could see who was coming up to the door .
i know that blue jeans will always be in need for casual use , however the thing that really makes money is when it is used for other things .
that is the only thing they will understand and respect .
the biggest thing that got attention was my hair .
i have never gotten over seeing that and when i saw the bodies the only thing i could see was you turning into another earl drinking and wandering from job to job .
i do nt care if you are a girl or not i have fallen in love with you and that is the only thing that i care about .
well , i m not sure if this is a good idea or not , i m still quite new to the twitter thing abi said then paused a few seconds before continuing .
wil and betty had noticed another thing about turkey .
those people are not wanting to take the spirits home in their minds , not interested or unable , for spirits and connectedness is a one on one thing ... .. alone .
the most difficult part was giving from the airport back to his hotel for there were no tut tut 's to be found at the airport other than rip off merchants wanting far too much for the trip , which seems to be a common thing about airports .
the place and its spirits mean different things to people who visit and become part of them .
a surprising and great thing about this extraordinary saddhu was the extent of his silent , motionless capacity for expression .
that would only create hard feelings with the rest of the household staff , and the last thing she wanted was to be surrounded by vindictive servants .
the first thing she noticed was the womans short bobbed hair , which accentuated her large brown eyes .
well , for one thing she never gave me an opportunity for a proper greetingsuch ashello , nice to meet you .
one thing she was grateful forhe remained unaffectionate and did not demand kisses or petting .
the only thing that had saved his sanity this past month was that he had to focus his entire attention on business or risk losing the deal .
the only thing that man gave randall was disapproval and severe beatings .
as it turned out it is the one thing vera likes about the move .
a light smattering of freckles across my nose is the only thing i got from my father , and a laser is about to burn them off forever .
and , ironically , the thing that had burned at me the most , more than the betrayal , was the reasoning .
his face is the only thing that assures me of who he is .
after spending a blessed day with jase , the last thing i want to do is wake up to a nightmare .
i kneel in front of him and lean close to his ear , my breath on his skin the last thing he will ever feel .
but one thing mrs . rose did not count on was it being an election year .
time can be a funny thing .
well , poncey , the funny thing bout bein a barber is , you get to know a lot of scalps .
indeed , sticky summer heat is the one thing that west tennessee is known for .
the first thing he saw was boneapart , sitting without a care in the world .
soul - mates - across - the - millennia kind of thing ?
i explained that the great thing about these systems is that everything you put it these systems you can get back out .
carlos , i know we have nt known each other long but there s one thing i m pretty sure about and that is that you re worried that the medicine you gave grandfather might have contributed to his death .
i continued , your sister is wrong about one thing , though .
now you guys know that next to poker , my favorite thing is video games .
the best thing about ortho was that there were some awesome physical therapists who taught me how to diagnose everything from anterior cruciate ligament tears to tennis elbow .
one great thing about the er was you had to stay organized .
one thing they all seemed to have in common was that they believed in us as students .
like if she needed to leave to go somewhere else to be with someone she was serious about , it would nt be a big deal for herthat was the thing about emily , she made everything about our relationship so simple .
the oddest thing , though , was the change in the girls face .
one thing that teddie liked about lord peartree academy was the emphasis on enriching their students .
one thing about being cold , teddie realized , was that it sure gave one an appetite .
kind of kills the authenticity thing , you know ?
the thing is that i agree with these guys .
the first thing that he noticed about this new world as he heeded the call was that it was green .
wendell taught eddie the only thing he knew how to survive at all costs .
the only thing i want right now is sleep .
the last thing he saw was a small 5x7 framed photo that had once been in his room .
that s quite ok . one thing i could always control is my businesses .
of course not , but he s got this thing about him .
her world has fallen apart but the one thing she has nt lost is her business sense .
i think that s the only thing that she can control , he smiled .
number of cars is the only thing that changed .
when nechayev heard this , he opens his eyes and angrily goes close to these women , ah , you applauded , he says and continues : you like poems congratulations , it is a nice thing of being a poem lover .
the first thing i can see is a piece of pink tent canvas .
my filthy breath , that is blown through a twenty - eight - years - old tube , is the only thing that impresses the sounds coming nars lips .
the one thing you wo nt have to worry about here is the cost .
the nice thing about living in canada is that medicare covers many of your medical expenses .
i was reading that biography on sue rodriguez , the woman who wanted to have s - s - someone kill her because shed developed that , that thing .
there s that change thing again .
we know you do nt have this akaesman thing , being , whatever , in you .
the only thing she knows from this , is that she should not be alive .
it is nt much , but its the only thing , along with three - times - a - day slathering of arnica cream , that keeps her from being overwhelmed by the never - ending pain .
the only thing that will change is you ll grow better at everything through your experience and use of the akashic records .
i just mentioned that encounter cause it was the only thing i could think of about him that seemed odd .
unfortunately , the only thing the books seemed to agree on was that names had power .
left to marcus and val equally by their mother in her will , it was the one thing that their father had never managed to lose on the ponies at the fairgrounds track .
but one thing the journalists all agreed on : maclean was the powerhouse behind av .
what s that thing about knowing the price of everything and the value of nothing ?
the last thing i remember , she said , is getting into the car at my place .
but chefs feelings were the last thing on my mind .
the first thing she noticed was that the lock on the front door was not catching in the latch plate and the front door was warped and being held shut by a bungee cord .
terry smiled that somehow was sarcastic in itself , its not my favorite thing but i can be stage prop .
but if she knew one thing about human beings , it was how to read their subtlest of facial expressions .
and the first thing she felt with her newfound ability , was alive .
right as she made her way inside , the first thing she came upon was a desk with envelopes ; all of which were bills , bills , and more bills .
attention was the absolute last thing she needed , especially from the police .
one thing i never understood about your mother was how at home she felt there .
the only good thing about a hat here was that it hid the part in the middle of her hair .
the last thing he remembered before falling asleep was the nurses face in the window .
the last thing he saw before the darkness overcame him was a man standing over him with a smile .
the last thing he saw was a large fist hailing down towards him .
the citizenry only understood and respected one thing , and that was brute force .
sadie approached and nosed his face with her own , licking the flecks of blood from his chin in an effort to comfort him , her warm tongue the last thing he would ever register .
this incident was just one more thing to add to what was turning out to be a crap day .
there was that protective thing he had going .
romance is the last thing on my mind right now .
for one thing , the body was nude and had been washed down with bleach to remove forensic evidence .
there was just one thing he could improve upon .
the last thing she needed was trying to resist him again .
knowing he was right was one thing .
if there is one thing i do nt understand , its the way women perceive their bodies .
if there was one thing that made him hot for a woman , it was a sassy attitude .
love is the last thing on her mind , but will it find her after three young women go missing and are found murdered on her watch ?
* * * * introduction when reading this book , the first thing you may notice is that the writing is displayed in the form of tweets .
when you 're spending your time trying to survive sex is the last thing on your mind .
it was the only thing i knew besides flying . ''
it 's the only thing i knew besides flying .
` ` she 's the most important thing in the world to me . ''
the sad thing about courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life in order to keep it .
the last thing i needed was a new client .
` ` jay , that 's about the only thing on god 's green earth i ca n't talk about .
the sad thing about these questions was that if asked yesterday i would nt have known the answers , today i knew them all .
the only good thing about it is the back pathway ends just a few feet from the side door , the only door we use to get in and out of the place .
one thing he hated back east was cutting the lawn , leaf clean up , and all that stuff .
for one thing , its in the middle of nowhere and far from any town .
i 'd seen other forest fires before , and the beautiful thing about those was plants would start growing immediately after .
the last thing we need is another mouth to feed .
the last thing i wanted to see was another person who would try to kill me .
sean connery as a russian submarine captain with a scottish accent was the only faintly entertaining thing about the whole film .
for one thing , it was handy having jim around the house .
he should have killed me and not my uncle for one thing , he said .
a small band played music as they danced and sang a warm welcome ; the only odd thing about it all was the soldiers creating a ring of steel between us and the outside world .
the first thing he noticed was an open fire in the middle of the room , and then the six men and women sitting crossed legged around the fire .
the only thing missing is one of ronnis signature smiles .
moneys the only thing i have , but i m not wealthy .
if only i had paid attention to her sooner , perhaps i could have intervened ronni was nt the only thing i lost in the wreck .
despite my unwieldy kicking , my heart rate is the only thing accelerating .
instant paranoia but it was the one thing they all feared most .
when you age , sometimes the only thing left is to be needed .
dark is now falling in on him with barely enough light to see in the woods , shit this is the last thing i need !
the one thing truly keeping him focused is his training and he s grateful to be out doing his job .
the powerful need to live is the only thing keeping us going .
the prospect of a romantic dinner with jack juarez was suddenly the very last thing on my mind .
for a few seconds , the kiss was the only thing that existed , his mouth warm and bruising , his hand tangled in my hair .
my heart hammered in time to the pounding in my temples ; the last thing i wanted was to be the first one entering another dark , forbidding room .
your mother was right about one thing : a big investigation would ve led right to your fathers front door .
if she did nt she s shit out of luck , because you re the closest thing i ve got .
idia has one thing in common with those executives who defraud and mislead investors out of millions of dollars or those corrupt politicians .
and i am pretty sure i 'll find the same thing on millions of copies of the game out there .
i did n't know the answer but one thing i did know was that i did n't like being in the dark .
one thing that made me feel better about the situation was that kurt had never once told me what to tell or not to tell the investors .
he so eloquently pointed out to me , however , that the important thing in the business world was not how hard , but how smart you worked . ''
one nice thing about practicing law you never knew when someone might drop in and dump a nice retainer on you .
the nice thing about this club was that it was within walking distance of his store on the kensington high street .
it was the closest thing to home shed had since shed left home at the age of fifteen .
austin was another thing .
i nodded slowly and let myself sink into sleep , knowing the guy i loved would be the first thing i saw when i woke .
secrecy is the one thing we are good at .
one thing nerve gas do nt like is high temperatures .
what is that thing some people do with the choking of the neck , in sex ?
the one thing i do know about moscow is that if you ve got money you can buy anything .
the last thing he saw was her lips gently curl up into a smile , her teeth caressing the side .
the one thing he 'd inherited , the house , meant almost everything to him .
however , soon after arriving home from listening to the dyebukos tell stories , tiredness was the last thing he felt .
it enabled him to do a bit of travelling , too , which was about the only thing he really enjoyed and looked forward to .
for one thing , he , yuri nevsky , had missed the chance to probe about professor barclay .
one thing you learn in this business early on is that the enemy gets a vote too .
those guys down there have all been in the company for a long time , and they all have one thing in common .
that s the most surprising thing about all of this , said jade .
and even though you were the only constant thing for me , it was still scary to think about promising you something , only to have the world change all around , in a way i did nt expect , and all of a sudden i could nt keep my promise .
the only thing that seemed out of place was the low ceiling directly above them .
if you were to read all these stories , blogs and newsreels , the only thing you 'd get is frustrated .
the last thing he remembered was the smell of straw , cow dung and other farmyard aromas engulfing his senses .
` ` when she woke up , the first thing she asked about was you . ''
the last thing she wanted was this .
the strange thing about it is that the majority of them were written backwards .
listen , i wanted information on some of these people that were going about stealing , maiming , and killing , and the only thing they all have in common is that they freely admit to their crime and give their confession to the vicar .
the only thing she knew was that she did indeed want to have his love .
that was another thing he found enjoyable about life in the medina .
the radio was silent as he played with the dial and a crackle was the only thing he heard .
that was the thing about george , she thought , he s always interested in what you re doing .
i think the best part , the thing which made the most difference , was that it was ultimately up to us , and not the government , to fix things .
last thing this world needs is another kid with money running around doing bat - shit crazy things .
that was one thing ivan always appreciated and hated about tom coughlin .
the only thing she could grasp was the quote from the sullivans .
she whispered into the stillness that permeated her office , the last thing i need is to be alone .
one thing she always appreciated about gina was her ability to genuinely laugh and laugh hard .
his legs gave out on him completely , the only thing holding him aloft were ivans corded muscles .
this guy is probably the closest thing to a father i ve ever known .
the thing about being a step behind though , was that the second the perpetrator stumbled , the fbi would be right there to catch them .
the first thing he noticed was the mattress .
funny thing about old men , they still got the bark but not the bite , he taunted .
the first thing he noticed was that the television was off .
the second thing was that the curtains , which he had left open , were now firmly shut .
the third thing was chakaravarti .
well , they were one thing .
a man rang first thing to tell me these images would be sent to the police unless i kept my mouth shut .
the sexiest thing is her needing him .
the unusual thing about homeless rick is he has no memories beyond two years ago when he arrived in imperial mike stopped reading the article and zoomed down to the photo of rick .
the unusual thing about homeless rick is he has no memories beyond two years ago when he arrived in imperial .
the last thing he looked like was an fbi agent .
the funny thing was , he continued , cutting off lukes attempt at another sarcastic comment , she did nt sound like the normal sort of nut - job that i m used to dealing with .
well , that s the thing , answered dennis , i do nt know .
it has nothing to do with philosophy , for one thing , and no grounding in scientific or logical principles of any sort .
for one thing , i had access to the other books in the vault .
the thing that really interested me was the way in which the physical mechanism changes to produce the ultimate change we call death .
he s not my type , for one thing .
the thing is , he s the sort of person that could be persuaded to be a major benefactor of miskatonic .
the thing about burials in the potters field is finding out about them in time .
i had never thought alma could look so exotic , for one thing .
you see , the only thing wrong with him is blood loss .
it was , of course , black , but this was the only sober thing about it .
for one thing , i was the only guest .
i keep questioning my motives , for one thing .
i was grateful for one thing leavitt was apparently a bachelor .
i confess that s one thing about the life of an officer i would miss .
i suppose that s one thing about an asylum you do nt expect anything normal .
i was nt there yesterday , for one thing .
no hair , for one thing .
for one thing , he s working much too hard .
that halsey business , for one thing .
the last thing i wanted was his death .
that was another thing his eyes were nt blue , like raphaels , but grey , the colour of river ice before it melts in spring .
the psychiatric report wrapped it up in a lot of long words , but our police surgeon says that what it all means is the only thing wrong with the girl is that she has an highly developed sex drive and sees nothing morally wrong in indulging it .
what with one thing and another he currently had more than four hundred thousand pounds on the premises .
macallister understood the surprise in her voice , but at the same time realised that the only thing that he and graham had ever had in common was their love for kirsty .
was it when he had discovered jean 's body or was it when bill reid and walter hart had kicked him out of the only thing he 'd had left his job .
that was another good thing about the ghost .
colin sat there for twenty minutes before he dared to move and then the only thing that moved him was the bitter cold , followed by the fear for his band .
bringing people together is one thing but maintaining a healthy distance now that is an achievement .
the most peculiar thing about this whole situation jason thought as he moved to the network room was how its such a non - event , no dramatic arguments nor climatic love scenes .
they may be a little similar to him but they hold one thing in common with all else in the realm , he is their superior he thinks to himself .
their connections to our network were lost and once that s cut off we can get little or no information of them directly yet another thing that yachi did n't know of or understand in this cyber - realm .
the most peculiar thing to jason about this whole situation is how it is such a non - event ; no dramatic arguments nor climatic love scenes .
and it was n't just because of one particular thing ; the boys club mentality , the infectious apathy and negativity , all the bureaucratic and political cobwebs .
norton had been right about one thing : my parents had left me a veritable fortune , more than fifty million dollars .
she surprised me by saying she was experiencing the same thing and suggested we turn off the flashlight .
one thing i knew for sure about tonnetot- what he said was for the good of etretat .
from past experience , i knew structure was the only thing keeping me from prison .
` ` the very thing which made me think he had two personalities , '' i added , in tune with raymonde 's thoughts .
you need to have at least three clear days ahead of you , and the last thing you are going to need is some nosy uniform hot on your trail .
the last thing she heard was his whimper as he buried his face into her chest .
they did not require the one thing every other investigation needs : deduction work .
` ` the very thing which made us think he had two personalities , '' i continued , in tune with raymonde 's thoughts .
it is a very empathic thing , hard to put into words .
it 's a glandular thing , and i got flat feet as well , so when i see these stairs all the time , you can understand why there 's a problem . ''
reloading was the only thing slowing them down .
his feet were swept out from under him and , for a few moments , his body blew back and forth , his handhold the only thing keeping him from flying off .
this crazy thing called love 5 .
extreme measures when you think about it , the only thing that separates our acceptance of sleep from our fear of dying is the trust that just as surely as we fall asleep we will reawaken in the morning .
the closest thing to a conversation i can have is with dr . henry iggleston , a fellow inmate .
the monthly church board meeting started without any undue fanfare , the most unusual thing being the location where they met .
but one thing about vampires you learn is this : they have a long memory .
but we had that thrill thing going on , that electric , secret chemistry between us .
` ` thing about small towns , '' he said , ` ` is that people need help .
it was the first thing he noticed in anybody .
the first thing he saw as he entered regis 's bedroom was thirteen pairs of eyes looking straight at him .
the thing that really made me pissed about the brother was his insistence on doing really well at everything .
the thing about the mother and the father was that they always spent a lot of time talking about the brother , and by that i really do mean a lot .
really good looking , blonde hair , blue eyes , that kinda thing .
the great thing about them , though , was that they always seemed genuinely happy to have me around even when they were together .
if there was one thing you could say about the nigerian scammers it was that they always seemed like a happy , earnest bunch .
the other thing was , rachel seemed to have a glazed , happy and aroused expression on her face which suggested to me that she felt glazed , happy and aroused as opposed to lonely , desperate and sympathetic like people like me , mai , victoria , alex , possibly bob , maybe the boss and floyd .
indeed , there was only one thing about dominick farhas polished appearance which looked slightly out of place that morning .
but during one game at school , when he was about ten , he d discovered that there was one thing he excelled at .
indeed , the room looked like any other save for one thing ; a long sheet of mirrored glass had replaced the left side wall .
dominick and his uncle shared a lot of differences , but one thing they both had in common was their shared hatred of government officials , especially informants .
one thing many people misunderstood about an explosion was what the most lethal aspect of it was .
the only thing he had ever cared about was himself .
david , you say the last thing you remember was playing a video game ; can you tell me what game it was ?
the unique thing about this process is that the killing will not happen until a trigger has been set off .
the only thing that makes one photo different from any other is the artists eye .
the one thing he had control over was getting the best grades possible , and for cooper that meant straight as .
she kept her eyes on the uneven ground as she walkedthe last thing she needed was to trip and strain her ankle .
the only thing stronger than her grip seemed to be her desire to conceal her true self from everyone in her life .
first thing they teach you in basic training is to beware of your surroundings at all times .
you ll cooperate because you understand that getting my job done honestly is the most important thing to me .
the last thing jamie wanted or needed was to rush into something and either have the cops or mark track her down .
they had one thing in common from the onset : their eyes were puffy and cheeks tear - scarred .
the thing is , it is an imaginary friend .
michael knows where the bullets are , miss minnow , and the only thing that s kept his head attached to his body is a lack of courage .
the important thing was he seemed to forget about her age for the time being .
the first thing he looked at was the filmy glass of milk , then her lips , then her bitch - ass lying eyes .
there s a little thing called evidence and there is none .
the only thing he loves more than writing novels is discussing them !
the only thing embarrassing about dreams is not acting on them .
i do nt think her money is the only thing wasting away .
but that is the thing though .
the strange thing about this is that we found this information in the trunk of the deans car .
figuring out what the hell is going on for one thing .
the thing that kept me there was that if i could get to the other side of the window i could see what they were watching .
the thing that seemed weird to me was , you know , the casual nature of the whole thing .
the last thing i needed was a bunch of guys poking their heads over the wall hootin and hollerin .
the first thing to know is that you tilt your head a little to the right so you do nt bump noses .
there is one thing to be said for being super busy at worktime flies by .
but the thing she loves doing more than anything is spending time at sorrento beach .
the most important thing when you re selling is your frame of mind .
the first thing i noticed was his elaborate entertainment system .
the first thing i noticed when i approached the reception desk was the spectacular view .
like her studies , the only thing that mattered was to keep going forward , higher , never looking back .
the only thing that stood out apart from no windows was the sign with a hand holding a bloody heart over the doors that said , tronis inc . muttering to myself , i straightened and strode inside .
the only thing ill share is a punch to the face , i muttered and took out the check .
we want to go home as soon as possible and the last thing we need or want is a forced stay with someone we do n't even know .
you know very well that i carry this thing out of folklore .
the only thing that connects neo - nazis and the third reich is the anti - semitism .
hardest thing about fighting the hajjis ?
for one thing , i was never alone .
the only thing that was stamped on her face was a blissful happiness , slight crow 's feet wrinkles around her eyes , and freckles .
well , i suppose one thing i have achieved not being scared to go on the tube again , he thought .
for one thing the driver would be able to easily spot and catch them if they went that way ; for another he was fed up with not being believed anymore by the authorities and did not want to look a fool again .
soro cared about one thing : beauty .
he noticed one other thing about her office ; stacks of overflowing filing cabinets surrounded her desk , crammed together , and still overflowing with yellowing paper files , but she had no computer .
shed worked her way up through the ranks and was now in charge of the administration of the employee stock purchase plan , bonuses , executive incentives , and the one thing more powerful than sex in our company , stock options .
the only thing missing from the gentlemans truck was his gun rack .
but that s one thing i adore about you kate .
pride is a wonderful thing to wear on your chest when you re facing adversity and there are lights at the end of the tunnel , like being a scholarship student because your mother did nt have any money .
the only thing missing from all the documents prepared was chris oakes signature .
i had to keep reminding myself that it was nt any of my business if blue was a loose cannon ; that was her thing .
the only thing that kept me from losing my patience was listening to my foot tap the floor .
as i held my arms and rubbed them , i figured being alone did nt have to be such a bad thing .
i wanted to remember every annoying thing about her , especially the pile of curls flopping over her head like shed been zapped out of the 18th century .
there s no such thing as tired .
apparently closed hands were the next important thing to having a flexible back .
the only thing i knew was that this girl made statues in her free time , and she was also probably the same person who hid this key under the crow stone .
the last thing i wanted to see was them disappear .
the mirror was the first thing i saw as i stood with my arms to the side .
that s one thing i admire about him most .
the most important thing is that you re focused now .
i ve got this thing called a sweet tooth that never goes away .
the last thing i needed was to get up there and freeze in the carrier .
the last thing i needed was for blue to find me in her shit .
i realized the only thing that was going to save me was if kevin showed up .
not a goddamn thing , daniel croaked .
the funny thing was that once he opened up , wooley had no clue what was happening .
the first thing to recognize is that the order is not divided between republicans and monarchists .
the last thing i wanted was jasper to set eyes on me looking like that .
that s the thing about dead bodies .
there s no such thing as a good start with kyle , i warned my brother .
for one thing , she was his partner .
the very last thing her body needed was to be bent like a pretzel for an hour .
if randall found out about oscar , sonja would be looking for a new place to live , among other things .
the only thing i would change is this assignment .
the one thing no one knew , could not have predicted , was the evil lurking beneath the surface of chelseas ex - fianc .
these unfortunate people were of all ages but the one thing they had in common was looking thoroughly downtrodden .
now , back to newcastle , the only thing which disturbs me from what i ve heard today is your focus .
the one thing that kept him focused on trying to get out of the jungle alive was the thought of someday seeing jenifer and shirley again .
he knew the great thing about being in a motor home and older is that he fit right in with the rest of the baby boomers that were using their rvs to travel across america .
the thing he really liked about them is that you could call the number on the phone detonator from anywhere and set off the explosion .
one thing he knew about the terrorist training camps is that they consistently tried to set them up in the most remote areas they could find .
the one thing doug did nt count on was a big truck that parked in front of the building where he was hiding and it completely blocked his view of his target .
the one thing he feared most about those small dirt roads was being trapped along the way .
` ` well , thing about that is , the man 'd be taking one hell of a risk . ''
the thing about it was , they 'd actually had a more or less unspoken understanding not to inquire too closely into each other 's occasional little diversions .
the thing she remembered best from all those years , though , was one word .
but knowing it was one thing , and living it as a kid was something else .
for one thing , we ' ve still got plenty of computer research here .
the only thing missing was the schedule .
probably the most important thing to keep in mind about akira mori , ken had concluded , was she merely looked avant - garde .
one thing , noda had all his moves down pat .
for one thing , you are our only defense shield , since we have none of our own .
` ` i walk into the office yesterday , the first thing i hear about is some miti connection , then tonight i hear about your miti connection , and it 's starting to sound like the same tune .
the rest of the pile i brought back upstairs and locked in the sword room ( the closest thing i had to a safe ) .
the thing i had to keep reminding myself , though , was that none of this was for military boondoggles .
` ` it 's the only thing that 's left . ''
for one thing , it was a superbly well - preserved piece .
it 's a curious thing , but different people respond differently to disaster , and tam was one of those rare few who become harder , not softer .
one nice thing about global electronics is that if you get a network far - flung enough , nobody can trace anythingwhich was what we were counting on .
the thing to remember was rhythm , the beat .
it was dark and sweet , the real thing despite the container .
for one thing , she never needed anybody .
` ` no , the thing i remember most was that part of one finger was missing .
for one thing , he was n't greek .
` ` interesting thing about bearer bonds and open cashiers checks .
the first thing she noticed was the wide window behind the desk opening on a stunning view of the straits , the setting sun glancing off the tips of the whitecaps .
that was the first thing he 'd noticed when they shoved him in .
for one thing , vance thought , he probably knows how to use a gun .
for one thing , less inconsequential than most would think , he looked the part .
junk food was , in fact , the thing she missed most here .
that unit contained simple dry icethe only thing simple about the entire systemwhich would be converted to plasma by the energy and expand , providing thrust for the vehicle .
for one thing , it proved , finally , that america truly was the land of opportunity .
well , for one thing , he looked too perfect .
the cool green of the screen was all that remained recognizable , the only thing to which he could still relate .
for one thing , people stop looking for you .
for one thing , since they had to be ready for a clandestine op at a moment 's notice , they deliberately looked as unmilitary as possible , right down to their shaggy civilian haircuts .
for one thing , the hostages apparently were scattered all over the place , always a problem .
one nice thing about a nuke , though : if it went off accidentally , you 'd never know .
for one thing , he was moving along as though he was searching , yet with an air of owning the terrain .
one thing he 's got is at least one more bomb .
but it had one thing in common .
and the first thing that comes to mind is your voice , bullying , always a tone higher than the others .
the last thing eleonora saw was that look of hatred focused on her eyes .
the only thing i know is that i am a goddess with a bang , one that knows how to kill , really does , even if i lost my best and only friend .
the only thing that he had was a hospital gown which zipped up from the back .
nevertheless , the most amazing thing was their physical similarity , except for the colour of their skin and eyes .
as far as he could make out , the only thing the two men had in common was their height .
the only thing that the goalkeeper had in his favour was his size .
` ` it 's one thing not being on time , being this late is something else . ''
having a baby was the only thing that kept karen going .
you 're the only thing that matters to me .
i do n't want you to lose the only thing you ' ve got that does n't involve looking after me .
the only thing mildly acceptable about the whole deplorable place was the three porno movies on the table next to the television .
he observed james more closely , and the first thing he noticed was his strange physique .
the other thing that struck lance was how short james was .
and that was the last thing allan white needed today .
he was dangerously close to going mad and the only thing that was keeping him sane was the thought of finding out what was going on .
the one thing that gave me relief during these oft - repeated family dramas was the slight twitch , the slight , rhythmic throbbing of blood in one of the veins on the back of his right hand .
if birdsong was the last thing that i should ever hear i believed that i could at least die with the song playing in my heart as some small consolation .
odd to think that one of the first things i noticed about the differences between my lebanese home and my newly adopted country was central heating .
the last thing i saw was that look in her eyes as she had brushed my hand in the cafeteria .
the thing that struck me during my week at home , something that i had never before been aware of , was the complex mix of people in the quarter .
the one thing that i loved about the second note was the signature .
the one good thing about the newspapers was that they allowed us to keep track of the date , thus allowing us to put some sort of structure and timescale to our narrow lives .
having been through so much , with so many experiences and hurts locked away inside me , the one thing that troubled me most during those quiet walks in the embassy gardens was the thought of what i would become .
another weird thing about devils button was the sun never seemed to hit it .
the cool thing about going to devils was that josh could speed , therefore taking advantage of the cars gift .
i d be scared but i m not and the ironic thing is that s scary .
he smiled , all giddy at the thought of swimming before he remembered he still had on one thing his hat .
the last thing he could recall was being on the road .
that s the great thing about life , nathanial , it continuously gives you the opportunity to start over .
the only thing left behind was an empty fishing boat floating in the still dark water and the crackling coming from the fire a few yards from the cozy warm cottage .
the last thing he remembered was being on his fishing boat with his son .
the only thing felt was , determination .
kyle felt tired as well and agreed , the only thing i ve heard this whole time is the sound of our feet on the road , and a few owls here and there , nothing around here looks alien maybe we should call it a night guys , sam said .
it was the one thing the general always remembered about his dad , until the monday morning when his dad came home from a weekend assignment .
who knew the one thing to make him less nervous around girls was the fear of having aliens attack .
sam called it out while they were running , it was the last thing he heard from any of them before separating .
the last thing he wanted was to fall again .
the only thing louder then the tries screeching were the kids in the backseat screaming out of fear .
with the silence in the town , his voice was the only thing heard .
the one thing that amazed us most was the monkeys emotions .
the thing that stood out the most was the eyes .
however the one thing that amazes us most about humans , of all the planets we have come across you have expressed this thing called love .
however the one thing that amazes us most about humans , of all the planets we have come across you have expressed this thing called love .
it is the one thing that baffles us .
its the one thing all humans have in common .
sam said we now enter a new world of knowledge were its no longer about buildings and material objects , now we move towards the mind , we will focus on the one thing we have been ignoring for the longest time , and that s ourselves , the ability to find peace within .
one thing about life in this place is the fact that you re gon na have to give up the booty sometimes , he said trying to be of some comfort .
about the only thing forte knew for sure at the moment was that he was actually sitting at his desk .
mohans warning was the only thing that reverberated in my ears .
the only thing that displeased him was that he could not travel with her .
the only thing he knew was that he had to help sithayu to make up her mind .
family is the damndest thing , she said .
pruett only too gladly let her right through the front door , though the one thing he d forgotten was that her grip rivaled any vise he ever owned .
he d seen it too many timesit was one thing when you had a standoff with a bunch of well - trained participants .
innocence was the one thing shed never been able to tolerate .
my initial plan was to act humble like musicians usually do when talking about their own abilities but something in her stance made me quit my false modesty act ; the good thing about arrogant people is that their mere presence makes you want to do and be your best when you re around them .
this brought the carefree thing back to megumis expression .
part 4 funny or not , the thing that surprised me the most that afternoon was not the fact i was in a parked flower delivery van with three older girls and a grown woman , all of them borderline strangers to me .
then i noticed i was doing it again , the whole ryo - speak thing .
instead , i felt a similar thing to when ayakas shugoshin trapped me with the white card trick .
the thing is , all of you will eventually die either way : you are fated to that the moment you are born , period .
she knew every little thing and every single move i d make because she watched me from very close .
a lot changed since then , but one thing did nt : writing this novel was absurdly exhausting too , and while the intensity of it might have changed ( and its safe to say it escalated to levels i was not aware of ) the essence of the exhaustion did not .
these women come here looking for help when they are in a particularly vulnerable state and the last thing they need is judgement detective . ''
there was at least one good thing about skyscrapers , he thought .
the only thing that he found interesting in the physical appearance of his new employer was his eyes .
the only thing he could see clearly was the general .
the only thing he knew was that he wanted the general .
i always thought mutuality was the most vital thing if a relationship was to work .
the only thing he disliked about her was the unending speeches she gave while he lay half - conscious , and simply wanted to embrace her .
shy was the last thing he was now .
the only thing obvious to him was that the houses were getting larger , and he could smell the ocean .
the last thing i want to see in the morning is myself naked but the jacuzzi looks tempting nonetheless .
maybe that 's one thing that we all share .
the last thing i hear besides the sound of my frantic flight was my husbands very calm response to the man in the darkness .
` ` its probably just a stomach thing . ''
the last thing i remember is the sound of his laughter .
it was all a trick ; the sad thing was that it did nt take a very creative lie to suck me in .
the last thing i remember is leaving him at the church .
it was a peculiar thing , but i made nothing of it and recommenced my brisk pace .
that s the damn thing about drinking .
the last thing he remembers is john yelling that one day he would pay this town back for taking him away from his family .
nate looked at him puzzled , scared , nervous but one thing he did n't look was angry .
but the one thing that makes me feel better is knowing that no matter what , that train straight to hell will never blow its whistle again .
the last thing he and humphrey needed was to be considered as no longer required in their roles .
gathering information as it interested him and never sitting a single exam ; the knowledge the only thing he wanted to gain .
the only thing stopping him from collapsing to the table was this man ; this strange , vaguely familiar man .
they all have one thing in common .
and the other thing about henri , the thing that was either extraordinarily wonderful or unnervingly creepyshe was n't growing any older .
and the other thing about henri , the thing that was either extraordinarily wonderful or unnervingly creepyshe was n't growing any older .
` ` ahh , yes , that is the thing . ''
fighting with family has never been my thing , so i did my best not to get in over my head .
that s the thing about latimer falls .
that s the thing about me .
that was the wonderful thing about ervina .
the last thing i saw as the federal sedan drove off was annettes stricken face at the back window .
the nice thing about the village of latimer falls was that folks did nt care if you were catholic or presbyterian , jewish , or muslim , believer or non - believer .
baking was a very healing thing for her .
i sat looking around nervously and wondering how close the fire was , and the only thing that kept me calm was thinking how close we were to the bridge .
brad moved in beside me and gently rubbed my back , and that s the only thing that kept me from falling over with fear .
his words were the very thing that i needed to feel the hope again because i was beginning to worry about ever getting out of this alive .
then i remembered that nana has this privacy thing and probably would nt have gone into this bedroom anyway just because our things were in it .
the first thing she noticed was her hand .
the first thing he noticed was that his body was nt aching .
uh , that s the thing .
with thoughts of jakes creeping into his mind , the last thing faraday wanted was a partner .
if steve had a defect , you / he / she was in itself the too trust and in certain cases also in the others , thing strange datum the work that did .
but thing devil is picked up you , so to the sudden one ?
the thing that surprised me was that despite everything i had preserved my thin dog hearing , or perhaps that was simply the only merit of italo .
after what i had had to pass in the last period , to meet a martian would have been the last thing of which i had need .
the next thing he saw was the blue gray of the barrel of a shotgun being raised towards him .
the only thing i can think of right now is he s trying to meet every objection they have .
the amazing thing to me was that whenever wilson asked a question or made a statement , he did it with a straight face .
one thing you do get working in screening is a variety of people that come through .
but then again that common sense thing .
* * * one good thing about work it took my mind off everything for the most part .
one thing most people do nt take into consideration about police and donuts is that at any moment police have to dump whatever it is they are eating and respond to a call .
the only thing shed eaten since dinner the night before was a snickers bar out of a snack machine that morning .
the last thing paige remembered was being hit on the head .
we just want you to give up one thing that you should ve relinquished long ago what is that ?
being on tv is the last thing on my mind .
the thing is that you guys have already done us a favour .
in spite of its obvious craziness , that was the only thing that could explain chinese action .
asking for release of prisoners is one thing but what 's the deal with their unconditional release ?
she did have one thing over her though belinda had never had children and in a ghanaian society that measured you by how many children you had and how successful they were when grown up , maggie was not surprised that belinda filled her aching moments with trips to dubai .
only one thing bothers me and that is ?
the only thing missing were the people .
the only thing different were his eyes .
the only thing that kept him from number two was simply he needed to work on his fighting skills .
the only thing odd ; his wounds from their most recent battle still covered him .
not to mention it was nice not sharing his head with a demon , that was one thing he would never miss .
he knew larry to always be a gentleman around most people , but to those same people , the thing that stood out most had to be the fact that his head looked like a cue ball .
the other thing i remember is that he was driving a brand - new pickup and he had a gun rack in the back window that had two nice - looking rifles and a shotgun .
for one thing , livinia said , he smiles at you .
that s one nice thing about a blog : i can change it if i need to make corrections .
one thing that really puzzles me though , as i said on the phone , is why he softened ?
yes , agreed ced , its the first thing you notice about him .
stephen , who had started to relax as the clamorous praise from the room enveloped him , saw the closest thing he had seen to a smile on la torres face as his eyes fell briefly onto him .
she s got this thing about sunglasses .
the thing is , the results indicated something really crazy , i mean , unbelievable .
john realised that he was very thirsty , but the last thing he wanted was alcohol .
but the worrying thing is that there seems to be an external link .
he tried to move his arms but they were firmly tied to the board ; the only thing he could move was his head .
one thing i keep wondering about is why there are no windows on this side of the house .
the other cars lights had been extinguished and the only thing visible was the brightly burning tip of a cigarette .
she slapped at him playfully and her mothers laughter was the first thing janet heard when she alighted from the car and started toward lydia .
one thing they were definitely going to need was a trash can .
a vision of the shadow that had left him alone for the past twelve hours was the last thing he wanted to experience right then .
the only thing he did nt like about them was that the white leds generally shown blue - ish .
the one thing he d forgotten to bring was a canteen to drink from .
mom was a feisty redhead , and that s one thing his father had warned him about often : never make a redhead mad , unless you want to spend days and days more than sad !
it was one of the things he both hated and liked about the place .
it was the one thing that had truly infuriated him about her .
that s the last thing you ever were .
the images were many and varied , but they all shared one thing - a deep feeling of companionship , camaraderie and love .
i always said the only thing worse than bs was unnecessary bs , and this was in my opinion unnecessary .
the only thing i thought was strange was you could communicate to your partner with discreet signals to improve your chances of making your book .
the only thing that kept me from losing my cool was the lack of fear in howard and dalbyabsolutely fearless in the face of certain death .
whatever the truth was about what happened on the hill , that night , all those years ago , the undeniable outcome was that the boy passed on to his adult self a rare and terrible thing ; the sense that he had been chosen for a purpose and carried a destiny to be fulfilled .
in a courtroom , the only thing she could feel confident about was that every time she opened her mouth , stood up , or sat down she was making herself look ridiculous to someone .
the good thing about being out here was that you could pick up the thread of a conversation twenty minutes after you started it , or drop the subject entirely .
another thing ralph could not stand was the media self consciously discussing itself ; newspapers and television programmes about what the other newspapers and television programmes were reporting .
for one thing the knife was taken from the kitchen , but the incident was in the main bedroom , which raises the issue of premeditation .
the most frightening thing about the man was that he was sincere about his revolution .
but it felt like another new thing to have someone genuinely interested in what he had to say .
automatic weapons were their toys , and the nearest thing they had to a daddy was the big man , even if most of them had been orphaned by his troops .
i could nt be doing with all that makeup they have to wear now for one thing , and going to noisy bars where you ca nt speak , just to drink and be looked at .
he took all this in , and reflected that one thing she certainly was nt was fuckable - nice , however elongated her vowels .
the only thing in its favour was the fact there was no fire .
she wore a black skirt and a silver top , which showed off nice arms and a long neck a thing of which he unerringly approved .
those eyes were the most interesting thing about her .
dhaka , bangladesh disembarking at dhaka 's shah jahal international airport , the first thing that becomes immediately obvious to the newcomer is the intense humidity .
however , the last thing he needed now was to be taking care of jake in the middle of this hectic mess .
the last thing you need is to end up like lajoy . ''
the one thing they both looked forward to all week was the story hour at the fordsville library where mrs . king would read a chapter or two from a book and then they would talk about it.-right now they were reading one called shadowhawk and they both liked it a lot.-it told the story of an indian of the iraquois tribe who lived about two hundred years ago.-one night shadowhawk had ridden away from the tribal grounds on his big stallion , cougar , and had gone to the local settlement to have a couple of drinks at the saloon . -- -shadowhawk was watching some men who were playing poker at one of the saloons tables.-suddenly someone came rushing into the saloon shouting that the bank had been robbed .
is nt that adrenaline rush a wonderful thing , when in the midst of battle , ryu ?
it was the only thing i had ever known and its the only way i can keep gouken sensei alive .
the last thing i need is bad music .
regardless , they worked well together , and that was the only thing that mattered .
the one thing he knew for sure was that there would be a lot more pain before things got better .
the first thing he noticed was the stale odor struggling to compete with the thick smell of decadesnocenturies of fried meals .
turning back to the woman who had spoken to him , the first thing he noticed was her eyes .
the one thing he had not been able to confirm was the date .
the only thing in common is that memory card .
sleep was the last thing on his mind .
the thing that most amazed him was the subtle differences in the aircraft from what he was accustomed to in the west .
the first thing she noticed was the blinds .
for one thing , she had a phd in predictive analytics from mit .
have i ever told you that that s my least favorite thing about this job ?
the one thing i kept thinking , he continued , was what about the russians ?
the last thing she saw before passing out was her airbag exploding from her steering wheel .
the first thing i had noticed about chris was his intensity .
even though living with him had been like , worse than the years i spent in and out of care , i felt protected with him around , though i knew the last thing he offered me was safety .
placing a hand on my stomach , i realised that for the past twenty years my periods had been the one constant in my life , the only thing i could rely on .
he checked first thing every morning and kept half an eye on it through each day , but now four days had passed with nothing , it was starting to look more and more like a prank or hoax .
the only useful thing was that the note had been slotted as a bookmark in marmonts favorite scene the dog coming back to life .
the last thing jac wanted to do was go into detail about durrants death - wish with haveling listening in .
but it was difficult for george jouliern to laugh about it now , because pretty soon those words would probably be the last thing he d hear .
people assumed he was harmless up until the moment he had their head smashed down onto the metal base of a drill press , the hum of the efficient german - engineered motor being the last thing they ever heard as aldo drove his point home , quite literally .
it was the last thing i saw on the cab right before he pulled away , my hand rubbed up against the lettering ... 7xlt43 for american cabs . ''
the most important thing about al - qassim , though , was what he had sitting behind him .
seth rolled over and picked up the sandwich , taking a bite before putting it down and realizing hunger was the last thing on his mind .
the last thing eddy could remember was nearing a strange alien space station with his co - pilot , grizz , at his side .
the second thing the doctors noticed was a beauty mark on her slender naked neck .
no harmful diseases can be traced in eddy to harm others , and because the only thing wrong with him is his appearance , i was told to let eddy live .
another thing which set me apart from human children was my seemingly endless supply of energy .
i left her letters and sent her cards in some unexpected places which read about the things i liked most about her .
the buzzing of the helicopter was closer , but the only thing they knew was it was coming from the east , and the trees blocked their view .
the heat , coupled with the smell of jet fuel as the engines powered down , hit him like a palpable thing as he stood in the door of the plane .
` ` i was stark bollock naked , the last thing he ever saw were my tits . ''
that s the sad thing about all this : there will be a next time .
the sad thing about college is that , like any other school year , it ends .
that s another thing about my parents : even though they have sundays off , they seldom spend them with me .
the thing about high school lunch is that there s no recess .
the absolute worst thing about this period is that mrs . foxwood assigned our seats by alphabetical order , and guess who sits behind me .
the sad thing is he s right .
the only thing i know is that i m torn between emotions .
she had been so careful and the last thing she needed was to go on the run again at a time when she needed palliative care mum , why did nt you tell me about your illness ?
i will wait until we land the italian officer repeated in broken english lunica cosa che ho mancato erano i miei pantaloni ( the only thing that i ve missed were my pants ) added simon with a smile .
however , treviso being a small city , he imagined that beppe would know most of the locals , and the last thing he needed was for gossip to get in the way .
one thing that i have learned is that 1 hour sleep in a proper bed will allow your body to recoup more energy than 4 hours sleep in a car .
the funny thing is that although i am about to explode , i am addicted to these nuts !
one thing about hank , he said when he was finished .
is it the same thing as victoria wrote about in her notes , that about caravaggio and the light ?
if mulhearn got this hepatotoxicity thing later then that was his problem .
it was likely that was the only thing keeping them going .
the best thing about following the water was definitely the ease of covering our camp site with the loose soil and rocks all around .
they were right about one thing though , i could die .
if there is one thing i hope to accomplish by sharing my story , it is this ; connor was not jesus or some kind of super hero , he was a man crippled by fear and insecurity just like all the rest of us .
in spite of all their bile , one thing the critics could not deny was the results the resistance had begun to see .
` ` you know burt 's favorite thing about spring time was all of the baby critters .
` ` you deserve to feel every little thing you 're feeling , it 'll help you cope and do n't let anybody tell you not to be sad if you want to be . ''
i have one thing you do not , and that is the dignity of meeting my enemy head on and refusing to let cowardice overcome me !
the most irritating thing about the lad was that he was wearing a set of headphones and either they were so designed or the music playing on them was so loud that everyone in the carriage had to hear the noise .
you had to be firm with clients ; that was the thing .
parker chipped in to say that if you were trying to survive in the bush or desert the most important thing after water was fire .
the only good thing about that was that it meant that there was life in this place which seemed so dry and dead .
nevertheless , tedium was the only thing that clouded his satisfaction .
for one thing it was too big and obvious to remain undiscovered even hidden as it was .
okay , so here huh , it 's one thing i 'll never let down , it 's aik .
another thing he continually emphasized from the beginning of my education until the end was that i was never to tell my mother about this ` ` extra '' or ` ` unique , '' ( as he called it ) , knowledge and training .
i think i 'll skip this party , '' i replied while thinking the last thing i want to do is go to mitty 's house .
the only thing he was apt to sing lately was the workers song that got on her nerves .
when things do nt go quite as planned , he s forced to go on an insane mission to find the one thing he s denied his entire life .
and , quite frankly , i find that suggestion offensive : that you think the only thing a younger man might want me for is money .
the only thing that struck a chord was the way he d looked at her briefly during the announcement of the gifford awards : a hint of tease , challenge in his eyes .
the other thing she regularly checked for were messages from the private investigator shed hired to unveil chisholms background .
that was the one thing that still made her feel uncomfortable about the entire scenario : as much as she was pulling everyones elses strings hebbard and now the rest of the department she knew that in turn she was being played .
and the memory of his promise to mpundu was the main thing now to give some drive and impetus to his sagging spirits , put some spring back in his step as for the third time in only two days he headed back into the shadowy warrens of the goutte dor .
it was the last thing she wanted to think about now , at least until she had the court case behind her .
dads lawyer called first thing this morning .
but the amazing thing was how he could decipher those facts and hold adult , almost professor - like discussions on so many subjects .
as elaine walked inside the viewing room , the first thing she noticed was carls white face looking as solemn as ever in the open casket .
sunday a cluster of receding stars this is the closest thing to an actual cerebral orgasm rick delaney will ever feel .
crazy thing about all of this is i was nt even from the streets .
i guess that s one thing that probably saved me too .
the strange thing was , no matter how bad things got at home i always managed to keep my grades up .
the damned thing about paul klein is that when detectives began investigating his history following the disappearance of the twenty - three , they found nothing .
the thing about the recording is you ca nt hear the screams in the background .
boobs are one thingim pro - mammarybut hoo - has are another thing entirely .
one last thing al turned to her with guarded sincerity .
although , i guess it would nt hurt to set the record straight on one particular thing .
heres the thing about press conferences , al explained .
and the funny thing is i m not looking for mister right .
first thing made me stop was that i m , like , a million times older than you .
* * * if there truly was such a thing as past lives , jessica would ve pegged malik as a crow .
carlton walsh , philip council , glen roberts ; the one thing they all shared in common were chaucers written notes , most findings lifted straight from jessicas own lips .
give me a break , detective jessica felt the wind was the only thing holding up her head .
you know , one thing that i like about this place is that there are no life stressors .
one thing we do nt know is when these guards are going to attack .
one thing i have been trying to overcome for the past seven years is my confliction of thoughts .
one thing one learned as a swiss banker was to recognize greed .
actually , there is one thing that s been bothering me .
for one thing , every dish had about eight times as much meat as he was used to .
people always said that the thing about old friends was that you could start conversing after years like you d never left .
the last thing he heard was somebody singing it was billie holliday but he did nt know that - through the door of the club as it closed behind ernest .
the one thing i do nt need is more of a jag right now .
the more he thought about it , the only thing that seemed to exceed the average was his growing depression .
strange thing , is he really looks like that guy that was friends with that guy back in fifty - six .
you re so pale that the last thing you want is to be too skinny .
the only thing that seemed straight about her was her pointed nose and the glasses that sat upon it .
one thing that was a pain about france was the small dress sizes , so she often ordered clothes from the east and north of europe .
he purposefully walked the stairs up to the top floor reporter 's lounge and , looking in the glass door , saw ned waiting on his arrival , as the first thing he did upon spying pat was to glance at his watch and then return a reproachful glare to pat .
the most intoxicating thing about her , however , was the way she moved .
for one thing , not many people read with sunglasses on , and without sunglasses , people can tell when you re looking at them .
the thing that i love most about my power animal is nt the fact that its a predator , though .
the only thing that moved were his eyes , following me across the room .
in point of fact , the only thing more intolerable than the pain when he scratched was the itch when he did nt .
i came up with some protective measures , but the thing about bacteria and viruses , they can be quite creative .
the odd thing about them was how dense they were , like someone had nt simply cut into the skin but had irritated the cut somehow .
one thing rick remembered from the movie was the way jodie foster walked .
the important thing is to be sharp , to pay attention , and to appear as if you re not if it ever gets awkward .
the only thing jack did know was that he had struck no deals with the government to talk about any of his clients .
exactly , that s the other thing that makes me think he s not a professional bomber .
the only thing sam needed was a spotter to share the duty and watch his back .
the thing he had first noticed about jack was his lack of an agenda .
the first thing he noticed on entering was eric .
but another thing that bothered me about file in his first week was the way he spoke to some of the old folk ; he would think it was funny to refer them to as ' senior shitizens . '
we were in a private care home and the last thing we should have been concerned about was verbally abusive staff .
besides , todd only lost emily two years ago , i ' m sure the last thing he 's thinking about is ... is ... a lady friend . ''
when emily broke down , and although comfort was the only thing i could give her , i had never felt so powerless and useless .
hymns , stories and tears was the main thing for this day in particular , and even a little laughter afterwards when reminiscing about a person we loved , yet had only known for a short time .
all in all , it was a wonderful evening and the only thing that tainted it for me , was the knowing that grace had something on her mind and i did n't know what it was .
also , the last thing that grace needed was her good friend , penelope , to be feeling sorry for her even more than she already did .
indeed , it is perhaps the thing they are most famous for around the world , i agreed .
the thing with nature programs is you only see what the camera wants you to see .
and evidently he found it because the last thing the battered driver could remember before sinking mercifully beneath the dark waves of oblivion was the professors face , gleaming with a manic smile and holding aloft the key to ollie donalds villa in cap ferret , in the south of france .
the only thing i know with any certainty is that if it were not for the love i am receiving from the lord then surely i would have faltered long , long ago .
personally i doubt it , but that s another thing it is always easier to do than find a solution complain and try to milk things to your own advantage .
at the moment the only thing they have in common is that they both died in the middle of the night , probably between two and four in the morning .
the only thing that seems real is his hair , he said , holding the syringe up to the light .
the only thing he could recognize was the amount of money offered for what he believed was a reward .
food was the last thing edwin wanted .
the best thing about the quiet of the night was that it allowed edwin to make connections in his mind that never seemed to occur to him during daylight hours .
if there was one thing that he had been taught in prison , it was that more criminals were caught by being careless than by bad luck .
it was the first thing ant knew of any money .
if there was one thing edwin had learnt as a newspaper editor it was that , when possible , you let someone else deal with your mess .
the last thing she remembered was falling .
for one thing cen was sure to get a mouthful when she saw him .
the first thing that caught her eye was the two crude chairs to the left of the hut opening .
but by far the most striking thing about his face was his stunning blue eyes .
the one thing that albert hated about himself was his teeth , so he never showed them .
the other thing she noticed , and not for the first time , was the complete lack of sound when they moved .
if it was one thing albert was very good at it was playing detective .
the one thing she now knew was that he was not motivated by money , as he seemed to have more than enough , will you ever stop killing ?
the last thing he had expected to find was a big , bronzed warrior just feet away .
the last thing sue saw before she fell asleep was matt cleaning his two guns .
he nodded in agreement , you see , if there s one thing the french understand , its passion .
his face was blacked out , although it did not hide his striking blue eyes and the other thing urie noticed was he had no night vision goggles on .
the last thing she noticed was just how much faster her brain was now working , she was on a high and she knew it , but as with all highs its followed by a low , but shed deal with that later .
sue had no idea what the time was when they had finished , but the last thing she could remember was laying on the bed , both of them panting , glistening with sweat , her head laid on his broad chest listening to his heartbeat as it slowed back to a resting pace .
i was hardly the only one ; it was a common thing .
the only thing missing are the wings on your back .
however , the one thing that all british hangmen prided themselves on was speed : the object being to have the prisoner out of the cell and dangling at the end of a rope before the prison clock had finished striking eight .
noticing one thing , talking like that about someones old lady is another as you will learn when you grow up .
it was almost always the first thing he would see every day , and the last thing he would see every night .
whatever the reasons for it , all of a sudden it made one more thing on that fateful day clear .
i ' m planning to survive , for one thing .
it was the only thing he had for company after lynn walked out of the room and upstairs to think , as well as to shower and dress for the day properly .
the only thing that made this any different was jake 's knowledge of future events .
the fun thing about my job is that i have access to all kinds of seized drugs .
the last thing he remembered was talking with ironside about the events of today .
the best thing of all of these weddings is the love that shines from the bride and groom .
one thing they always talk about is the gerlock it was a monster that lived in the forest around her house .
he didn wan na scare her so much an then leave , so he let her know if there was one thing the gerlock hated , it was stuffed animals .
kate had been uber - sexual , from the pregnancy and overwhelming hormones or sheer attraction , david was unsure ; only thing he knew was that sex had become astounding , even earth - shattering since the loss of sound and addition of kates newly unbridled passion .
showing some signs of awareness , eyelids fluttering , that sort of thing .
` ` first thing we checked .
my desk , with its paraphernalia of loose - leaf files , and various linked and unlinked laptops was the tidiest thing about me .
the thing that tickled me was not that i had been caught staring , but that sharna had n't seemed to mind ; boosting my self - confidence no end , and god , even i knew it needed boosting .
the first thing she saw , after opening her eyes , was a dark brown beer bottle .
last thing i remember about seth , was his wicked freckled grin as he flew on by to catch his criminal .
i did n't think we were going to have a problem working together , but and there 's the thing of it , no one , absolutely no - one , could ever replace seth .
oddly the thing that struck home about the scene was the peeling paint shedding itself from the door - frame and i actually wondered , at that definitive crucial moment , why marissa , who was usually so meticulous about such things had been negligent in this respect .
` ` dad , the thing is that i feel i need to know a little more about this whole mess .
the thing i noticed most discernibly , was that despite her civilian plain - clothes , everything about her screamed ' cop ' .
` ` one thing about you , frank , is your incredibly descriptive way with words ! ''
violent ass covering was the only thing any of their actions brought to mind , the fact that they had built their industry on the brilliance of stacey 's father , wrecking her family in the process , and then , more than likely , using her research to further their aims , was staggeringly unbelievable .
` ` nothing ... that 's the thing of it .
` ` the thing that scares me though , '' she said , letting the towel fall and then propping herself on one elbow to face me , '' is that if they had n't killed seth they might have got away with the whole thing .
one thing she had tried very hard to manage since shed opened the store was to avoid letting people know where she lived .
anyway , the thing about the law is , lets say he has a right to be released on bail .
we respect our elders , for one thing .
the closest thing to a genie clare knew was jackson .
tall and skinny with a tuft of blond hair sprouting from the top of his head , the only thing differentiating him from a corn stalk was the black framed glasses that repeatedly slipped down his narrow nose .
for another thing , writing was almost impossible with my throbbing hand .
for one thing , her revelations upset me too much to evaluate her behaviors from a supervisory perspective .
although i loved the time alone with robert , i sometimes missed hanging out with my girlfriends , too , and it was one more thing that sue held against robert .
for one thing , i did nt like seeing what people look like when they re drunk .
the thing that really worries me is that its also about losing the ability to think rationally .
his eyes , dipping to my cleavage , did that sexy crinkle thing i liked , warming me even more than the fire .
his sun burn skin was only thing funny to look at .
intuition is an amazing thing , i smiled .
the last thing i remember , is watching ethan die , i finally admitted .
the only thing i am not good with is this damn haircut !
since hearing the truth about those two , comfort was the last thing i wanted them to feel .
the best thing about him was he had no idea he was doing it because i could always count on that sign .
the last thing i want is to walk in on them doing anything .
i knew she would be the last thing i would see before the drugs took me .
okay , that s one good thing about not having powers like you .
i cursed and pushed back and before i knew it , i found myself in his head , and by god was red the only thing he saw ?
shut up , and blood is not the only thing i think about .
one thing mcbride never liked was being told what to do .
same thing you dimwits always have . ''
harris was sure whoever came in would be one of porter 's confidants , one thing he had never had the personality to become .
seeing a person like mike in your garage meant only one thing .
she had been cautious this evening too park down the street from the address , one thing she did not want was someone to take a pot shot at them as they pulled into the driveway .
chapter eight trapped in the stale room , her breathing the only thing keeping her company , she was fighting against her fear .
one thing the job had taught him over the years was how too separate his emotions ; he had become adept at putting them in a box in order to cope with the daily demands on his over taxed mind .
did he think he was capable of harming marion , bridger could not tell , but one thing he did know was that at this stage mat was the only suspect he had .
xbox in front of the large screen telly , pictures of semi naked girls torn out of an fhm magazine decorated the peeling wallpaper ; their thoughts hidden behind their fixed smiles were the only thing left to the imagination .
the only thing he found was a few remnants of a cannabis cigarette in an ashtray on the kitchen table .
one thing he did know was that he was sure she could not be dumb enough not too suspect he had been seeing someone else .
well one thing we know for sure is that it is not an online advert for the play she is in , thought bridger grimly , remembering jonas 's description of his script .
some people can suppress these emotions , i guess , but some can not , it is a learned thing .
the thing she hated most out of the whole thing was , after the judge had ruled not guilty on technical grounds , the defendant had smiled and winked at her while she sat in court , open mouthed at the stupidity of a system that allowed such decisions .
the loneliness was the worst thing .
one thing that the greater public liked more than anything was someone too fall from grace .
one thing he had learned in his career was that you never play all your cards at once , always hold something back to use later if needed .
the only thing that matters is what is right and what is wrong .
the only thing that was different was the fact that todd had his .38 sitting on his lap .
the thing i m having trouble understanding is why he would go through the trouble of dismembering her and staging her body this way ?
the only thing they had in common was that they were residents of myrtle beach .
a sense of humor is the only thing that keeps me going some days .
your hearing thing . ''
she then adds , dialing the phone : the whole feel better thing is what keeps the lights on .
but i think the thing that scared me the most , the thing that was really messing with my mind , was looking down past my feet and seeing all that lava .
the only thing to set it aside from a bathroom door was that it looked like its entrance had been carved from a redwood in one piece .
i ve got this thing with numbers , you know that .
the one thing about doc that would concern most people is that he s crazy .
the one thing that tripped me up was the thought there might be some sort of signal coming from the van .
i m not sure what it was , and the only thing i recognized was the chopped olives in the mix and the bread i was scooping it onto , but it was great to have another home cooked meal .
the sizzling , the last thing i would hear , sickened me once again .
yes , some would say that the only thing separating them from animals was that they drank coke and typed on keyboards , although i m sure you can find some half - trained monkeys that can do that too .
that s one thing i learned during the 48 hours i call the worst / best in my life .
another thing i picked up is that misery and happiness can be very close and that love can be the deciding factor in which one of them you end up in .
this sadly seems to be the only impressive thing about him and his appearance is the first warning sign .
the only thing that bothered him was that she showed little to no romantic inclinations .
protection was the last thing on their minds .
for one thing , i think you d make a good madame at one of the local loose lady homes downtown .
i have followed several obama care serial murderers , and one thing that struck me about them from the beginning is their personal sense of loss over the death of each citizens family member .
the last thing he saw was the picture of his handsome son who had been a hero in several wars before being betrayed by his uncaring and disloyal government .
it was one damn thing after the other with our kids .
arguing was a constant thing with them .
for one thing , the cost of investigating that many bodies was in the millions of dollars .
for one thing , he knew they were watching him .
for one thing , the buildings in and around federal square were under constant guard and were monitored twenty - four - seven .
the most disturbing thing , mckean mused somberly , was the way the man seemed quite capable of operating the pump despite his delirium .
and while you re trying to figure that one out , peyton , factor in one more thing .
had an illegitimate son by the colonels predecessor , for one thing .
nick and i are too close to this , for one thing .
the one thing aaron excelled at was girls .
okay , let me explain more comprehensively : for one thing , in our studies we always made sure the parent mice shared the same trait we were looking at in the children .
for one thing they still took too long deciding what to order .
for one thing he felt that it was important to continue his professional studies with trait theory .
for one thing , aside from the killing part it is a pretty nifty trait .
do nt worry , ill talk to samantha and get her on board for this job , even if i have to sleep on the couch for a week to do it newton , ma : if there was one thing that ralph could count on , it was that his father was a predictable man .
for one thing , serial killers almost always stay within the same race when they kill .
for one thing , thecmrtrait is like a super - sized serial killer trait .
1933 age : 75 profession : financial industry the first thing that i have to note about donald is that the old bugger has had seven children !
for one thing , zachary liked looking at the positive side of life , butcmrwas almost altogether bleak .
for one thing , had lily really been as nice as he had remembered ?
for one thing , the google map had shown no such structure , instead portraying a thick cover of trees .
jasmine i d just feel better if we stay together , for one thing -- .
if there is one thing that i have learned about you zachary it is that you hold all matters to the highest of standards !
the odd thing about fame in america , zachary had noted , is that it made little distinction between illustriousness and infamy .
for one thing , institutionalized racism would not require the collusion of powerful men attending secret meetings .
he may have been a puppet without a mind of his own , but at least he took the time to research my shoe size washington , jeffersonian elites headquarters , misinformation branch : the first thing that mr . x noticed was a large round table in the center of the room , and the second thing he noticed was that no one was sitting there .
and if there is one thing that is true about a nerd it is that when they focus on an objective it is nearly impossible to expunge that objective from their heads .
my informer said the best thing about this stuff , when mixed exactly this way , was that you could share it out ; you could pack it into just about anything , since it was a jelly .
above the bed - the first thing he 'd see in the morning - was a large black and white poster of a crying child .
last thing i needed was this distraction when time was a - pressing .
well , they do say that the only thing worse than dying is dying with money in the bank .
after four failed relationships , i realized the only thing worse than having henry bins , was falling in love with henry bins .
but now , here i was , and the last thing i wanted to see was exactly what was staring me in the face this very second .
his knuckles were nt the only thing turning white as the initial shock set in .
throughout pretending to be someone he was not and despising all of the people he studied and socialized with , the thing that motivated shareef wahed was that one day , he would lead proud fighters in a mission of unrivaled magnitude , give his life for the cause and allah would forgive him for not being able to be a dutiful muslim all these years .
among other things , gao had found that there were often only a dozen or fewer security staff on duty at these plants .
so here was yet another thing that was odd about metro bus 2405 and its passengers and it was not just him feeling that way .
she looked at the plaster cast on her left leg and acknowledged that the unlucky ankle break before the summit meeting was the only thing that had prevented her from attending .
the main thing we 'll need plenty of is water .
the last thing anybody knew was he was going as fast as he could heading south past canton . ''
you might think confidence was a good thing , but in my case , it made me mouthy .
perspective is always a funny thing .
syd , you re going to have to let that empty gun thing go .
lady , the only thing that s going to prevent a fire in your kitchen is for you to only cook in one room at a time .
that s the thing about babies .
that s the thing about being an interior decorator .
the last thing i wanted was that massive beast shoving me down all twelve steps and leaping on top of me .
the first thing people see when they walk into this house from the street is the killer home theater .
they had inherited from their father their stubbornness and one thing she had learned about raine in the time that they d had together , he had been about as bull - headed as any ten men had no right to be .
the last thing he had remembered was the deer that had run in front of him .
the only thing he kept was his distance .
it was the first thing he d noticed and tried to ignore .
out of all this there had always been one thing missing ; a family to call her own .
one thing that she was very sure of was that he knew who she was .
luther understood that raine had for the most part forgiven him for that but understanding and applied knowledge were nt the same thing and after the way that raine had so effortlessly and easily harmed and then healed him , luther was not liable to test his theory .
the only thing powerful enough to drown his terror was the thought of his family .
evie , bens mum , had told him that the last thing on his fathers lips before he died had been his grandsons names .
however , one thing you can be sure of is that the only chance of survival that your son has is for you to do exactly what i tell you .
that was the thing about them though ; they knew they were going to be successful , even back then .
one thing was to be an undercover and the pressure it puts on you , another thing was to be finally doing what you dreamt of for so long , and alongside the kind of man those dreams were fixed on .
hub caps glittered in the windows and the first thing jane noticed when she entered was the sheer mass of every kind of stuff - and the smell of cat .
the thing is , none of us knew what it would look like , or in particular how large it would be .
it was perhaps the only ' normal ' thing about the whole experience so far .
the strangest thing about this place was that it was cold .
chapter thirteen the most amazing thing about feeling myself enter a state of oblivion is that i still felt .
she has some information about the college , and with the his words started to come with some difficulty , magic thing in common , she wants to talk .
if there was one thing her father always taught her , it was that she should always be true to herself .
the great thing about being a reasonably attractive female was that a smile could go a long way with the opposite sex .
the only thing he saw was her desire for him .
and , unfortunately for him , steel was the only thing there .
that is one thing derek never got to terms with over there , just how strikingly gorgeous the landscape was .
the thing about diamonds is that their value is not due to the rarity of them nor is it due to the demand for them .
his sharp wit , his sense of humour , his dry outlook on life that was the last thing to die .
the thing that struck cole was the absence of staff .
the thing that s a real drag is the pain .
the thing he would never forget , though , was the size .
the thing that sent him into a real panic was the night he went out and there was no moon .
the thing she needs most is you .
the thing that got me was her hair .
the only thing that is ellie is her eyes , her beautiful eyes .
the only thing i ever cared about , i lost a long time ago .
the thing that caught coles eye was the shiny brass plaque .
the thing that made the meal free was coles willingness to give away whatever he had .
the one thing that anyone eavesdropping would have picked up on was the love these two had for the newspaper business .
karen is up on the bow coiling all the lines , i guess i should mention the ocd thing now , she is pretty obsessed with straight and order , i always tease her that she should have been in the army , but it works out well because marissa and me , well we are kind of the complete opposite .
there 's also that blackberry thing that kind of encourages me to follow her rules .
we visited a few years ago and did all the usual monuments and museums , but the thing i remember the most was the heat and the crowds of people .
the most fascinating thing is how each of them survived .
there s that producing thing again .
flying in this thing is definitely the coolest thing about finding these guys , okay maybe not as cool as the black forest cakes , but it 's close .
that is definitely the scariest thing , i mean i remember a few years ago we lost power to our house for maybe twenty - four hours and i had to take karen and marissa to a hotel , so i could get access to a tv , now what am i going to do .
i noticed the same thing the other night after a few rounds of bowling .
she has this thing about opening gifts at the very end of a party so not to make anyone feel uncomfortable .
i really need to show karen this nodding thing .
i think this nod thing is really catching .
you have the same thing as marissa and everyone else . ''
i even tried to get up , but i have an iv attached to the back of my wrist and there 's no way i ' m taking a chance pulling that out , because the only thing i hate more than needles is blood , especially my own .
the closest thing he d ever had to tears tried to collect in his eyes .
` ` that 's one thing i do n't miss about you .
that was the last thing roger remembered , until now .
but the good thing about grandma , she always felt guilty afterwards .
he thought of riley pointing the gun at him , that moment in the woods when he thought the tip of rileys boot would be the last thing he ever saw .
sent here to be a journalist is more accurate , and the first thing a journalist should guard against is perceiving things as they seem .
and you re the closest thing to chicago i ve encountered in a long time .
one thing he was certain of was that they had not followed him into the lake ; thus , any shot they might take would come from the cliff tops .
funny thing is i do nt mind the slow walking in fact i wish we could walk slower .
it was my second favorite thing to eat after the cake of course .
the only thing i remember is sleeping in the oval office .
the first thing i think about is what s left of the bread .
first thing i see are bunks on both sides , they are two high and line both sides .
the last thing i remember is feeling the ocean swimming peacefully beneath us .
the first thing i notice is how slow it feels like were going .
i sure wish i could tie knots like this , must be a fishing thing .
i guess ron was right after all food is the most important thing to me .
i d opted for june , but she had this thing about fall weddings .
the last thing i wanted was to be rejected by someone i did nt want .
however , drive is one thing you ca nt tell .
getting this filmy look on her face that s usually only achieved by blurring the focus on a pentax , the only thing that was missing was glitter raining down .
the thing about calling you , wolfie , i said , chiming in , is that we have nothing to say .
one thing i have learned after countless hours of interviewing clients and potential victims was that an appropriate stretch of silence could make most people fill the uncomfortable gap in conversation with details they might not normally contribute .
the one thing the relay box lacked was a good lcd screen .
the first thing i had ordered was a brand new iphone .
the first picture was of a black business card with account number on it , the wax bitcoin symbol had been cracked open and an empty circle was the only thing left in its place .
it was the same thing every time i saw her .
the first thing i saw was julia grinning at me and i could nt help but smile back as the waves of relief washed through my body .
the last thing i wanted in that small - enclosed space was a gunfight .
sure the cab ride was expensive , but money was the last thing i was worried about .
the funny thing was when she read the tabloid stories , portraying her as an evil hussy who seduced a man from the outback , murdered him and fed his body to the crocodiles she felt she preferred their version of events .
and every other last thing of his was gone too .
the only thing she knew with certainty was that she wanted it to be over , she did not know what over was , but there must be a different place to this , where she could walk in the sunshine and talk to the animals if not to people .
there was one thing that i noted about these streets ; i noticed that each of the streets had a stench of a different kind , and the stench grew pungently irritating to the nose as i drew closer to the square .
well , if i wan na say ' jesus fuckin christ , ' or ' holy shit , ' the last thing that i want is shit from your damned asshole of a mouth !
it was the one thing mealey and grey had in commona vengeful streak .
the funny thing about the blood is the texture .
that s one thing i am a stickler for is being on time and thankfully , derrick is too .
the annoying thing was that trevelli , whoever he really was , had only just visited ms cohen last night .
the only thing wrong with her , as far as kerrin was concerned , was that her breasts were slightly too large for his taste .
only thing he feels are the worms in his nostrils and satans pitchfork in his ass .
the only thing that she knew for sure was that the red and blue lights were swirling around and around .
and that was the only thing that the detective was presently finding himself grateful for .
or was that song , repeated over and over in her head , the only thing keeping her mind from snapping ?
you fought to save yourself and the soldiers in your unit , and maybe not even in that order , because the only thing worse than having to imagine your own end was feeling responsible when the other guy went home in a body bag .
he watched her climb gingerly into her navy blue ford focus , her white sneaker the last thing to disappear .
the last thing i wanted to do at that moment was explain to manny the complex process of reading someones non - verbal cues .
the only thing these people have in common is that they were artists .
the only thing i was really good at was honesty .
this might be the only thing manny and i had in common .
they agreed on one thing : neither troy nor matthew liked the woman in their midst .
the first thing i longed for was youkissing you .
the first thing you need is a shower and a freshen - up .
the first thing that he became aware of was that he was lying on cold stone and that his shoulder hurt like hell .
the only thing that i do know is that there are more evil things in this world than there are in the next .
what he must do was concentrate on technique that was the thing .
it was just as well that he did , for the first thing he saw was the back view of a persons head walking along the lighted corridor .
caleb left his brothers bedroom and snuck down the hall ; he knew parents were sleeping since they had to go work the next morning and their money was the only thing they really cared about .
fear was a living thing in chee meng 's gut and he struggled to free himself , to loosen his gun hand .
there was a special quality to her movements , a feline thing , fluid and reaching , as if all her forces , emotional and intellectual , were gathering in one place , a tight fusing of all needs and desires , a tightening band that stretched almost beyond tolerance .
the thing he remembered most was a comment by one of the instructors in a hallway .
` ` the most important thing in life , marcus , is to have faith , '' i would tell him .
names would nt change a thing about the way i felt for her .
the cute thing was that the husband and me shared something in common .
but you all have one thing in common you have adopted singapore and singapore is now your new home .
lord reginald and sir marcus are one thing .
as far as he was concerned , the only thing that made her his mother was the fact that she had given birth to him .
the fact that i was your friend was the only thing that saved me , chase said .
that 's another funny thing .
the only thing he felt he had in common with filipinos ' was that his mother had insisted he become a roman catholic .
the only positive thing he could feel at the moment was that the shooting had stopped .
as his sense of smell began to return , the first thing he noticed was that he had once again soiled his clothes and the surrounding floor .
this young girl was the only thing that he could relate to at this time .
the problem we have at the moment is we need to act quickly but i scarcely know what to even do if anything can be done at all and that s the thing that troubles me the most .
one thing i have been thinking about is the five - point star .
humanity is an amazing thing , truly fascinating how people and circumstances come together so often at just the right time , but being a student of history i m sure you have noticed this .
the duke nodded in agreement , you do nt know how correct you are my lady , you are the closest thing to family to lord guiscard in america , your blood line is nearly identical , and you are both very pure anglo - saxons .
the last thing horsa wanted or needed right now was for his brother to lose faith in his abilities .
he turned and limped over to a small table and chairs under a grove of trees , the only thing green in sight which made them look terribly out of place like an oasis in a black desert .
the only thing they now needed was some pack horses .
toprak still had plenty of gold but the only thing of value since the minimum was food and while toprak had great reserves of it , horsa wondered if they had enough to make it double as both money and victuals .
neither matt nor gus saw nicole come back on deck and the first thing she noticed was the ship trailing them and noting their position she laugh slightly , we wo nt have to worry about them at all if they stay on their present course .
the other thing that was becoming apparent is that jiang and her mother and sister are nt well - off financially .
that thing about sun is that he s always been very fair with me .
` ` you know , its the red button thing that s unsettling me .
` ` its a funny thing .
` ` well , hindsight is a wonderful thing ... '' i said .
dressing to impress is one thing .
the great thing about dark dating is that you just never know .
the last thing my brother needed to do was tangle with donovans bodyguard again .
the thing about lies is that its almost impossible to stop at just one .
the only thing keeping me going was coffee and the call i got from brian jankowitz , telling me i was to report to work in two days .
the thing about the army is that they take care of you , but once you re out , that s it .
the lights inside were dim and the only thing i could hear was the beeping of some machine .
the last thing she remembered as her life slipped away was his laughter .
i have to admit it was wonderful , except for one thing .
the only thing that took away from her demure appearance was her eyes .
several red - capped attendants waited for the next car ; jaclyn noticed the red cap was the only thing official about their uniforms on this hot day , as several wore jean shorts , exposing dark skin from the knee down , as well as loose fitting t - shirts covered with the logo of the boston red sox .
monday , july 19 , 2011 1 p.m. one of the things dupuis taught jaclyn during her decade - long training is when an investigation slows to a crawl , there is only one thing to do : take a step back , breathe , and re - assess the situation from a distance .
the one thing they liked more than anything was that sherman always let one of them drive the pick - up on the way back home from los angeles , while he slept .
the one thing that drove her forward was the thought of getting back home safely to her boys .
a peeping tom was the last thing she was worried about in red mountain .
now they had two homicides and the only thing they knew for certain was they now had some type of a serial killer on their hands .
the first thing garcia recognized was the blood stained walls .
when shed left her house with caf mocha in hand that morning , the last thing on natalies mind was being cast in the speed reboot .
demon royale book 2 in the dream slayer series the only thing worse than dying , is running away ...
she did nt have a cover story if she got caught and the last thing she needed right now was having her parents awoken in the middle of the night by the police .
his boots crunched on the gravel as he marched to where his men stood shell - shocked , his training the only thing keeping him from emptying his weapon at anything that moved .
the last thing the driver saw before he hit the pavement was the fire reaching for the heavens , a thing of pure majesty , the embodiment of destruction brought to singapore by men of vision and determination in an ongoing holy war that would know no end .
but if he d learned one thing in his career , it was to never leave anything to chance , and he wanted to verify the results with his own eyes before making representations to potential buyers .
one thing you learn quickly in this job never trust the locals .
and lately , if there was one thing you could count on , it was things getting out of hand .
the last thing i remembered before passing out was the sound of the door opening and a deep voice yelling my name .
the only thing it had going for it was that we were nt in the front , and were shielded from the road .
the best thing occupying the lousy room was the big pictures of nude black women on the walls .
' things like noisy neighbours and dry rot . '
' it was wonderful the best thing i 'd ever felt ... but so ... well ... draining .
the strange thing about it though was that they had all been exsanguinated after they had been snared .
adele forgot to mention one thing .
and forget the merck - like thing you mentioned , van .
two things : how strong is the buying entity , and second , is the arizona facility involved in the purchase ?
the only thing breaking the moist silence was the buzz of flies .
the first thing that caught her eye was a better lighting , even though there was n't a single lamp in sight .
the last thing i need is you making advances at me , he replied dryly .
the first thing that caught their eye was an absence of sharp corners .
but it seemed that her double noticed the same thing , and cut her speech : the jury is ready !
it seemed like the only thing keeping his heart from jumping out is the metal squeezing his chest .
the most pathetic thing is how long it took me to notice , going on blindly doing my usual routine .
for one thing , she did nt take anything .
was this the only thing she left ?
that just left one thing to be changed : me .
the most important thing to me was that the windows were blacked out .
nerves are the only thing that gives you away .
i could never get my head around all of it , but the internet is a wonderful thing .
* * * * * the first thing i saw when i opened my eyes in hospital was emma .
if i had my way , she would be the first thing i saw every time i opened my eyes .
his natural ability to blend in with facades makes max the closest thing to a secret agent .
` ` i wish i 'd noticed every little thing . ''
the thing i liked watching most though , was hinto attaching himself to a horse 's side so that he was undetectable to someone on the other side .
that was just another thing i did n't like about him .
and if there was one thing i knew about words said in a hurry , you could n't take 'em back .
and the peculiar thing about it was that hun seemed almost happy i was calling him with that chinese pronunciation .
one thing about will 's chat it woke me right up .
the last thing i wanted was to get caught in one of those legendary plain storms i kept hearing about .
the first thing that caught his eye was nt the name of the store embossed in english , nor the chinese scripted address .
the only thing more worrisome than his antisocial leanings was his ability to handle a motorcycle .
the only thing he knew for sure was that he had nt been awakened by the sound of d - flat .
chapter thirty - six the only thing that redding had expected from the evening was a decent meal and some mundane conversation , but there in the middle of the teahouse stood lin ming .
that s the one thing you pick up on i will say being in such a high pressure , tight knit environment , eldorado says .
james protests , it was all plainly out in the open , that s the sad thing !
the one thing they probably feared most of all there toward the end , because there was no morality anymore , was to look like a dipshit in public .
the thing i find amazing about outer space , actually , is that it shows there s no government on scale , james notes , as he and eric and scott are lighting in near unison their gasoline soaked towels .
a pasty complexion about the only thing they share outside of their camaraderie .
one thing about the eerie , gratis buffets these grocery stores now represented , though , was that cost no longer stood in the way .
as if in a trance , he glances up , as the first thing he sees is this kinky auburn ponytail flopping out , followed by the rest of the body she s backwards , or upside down , held up like some olympic gymnast only by locking her knee joints over the top of the door .
to that end , her efforts at solving this riddle finally steers her to the absolute top dog of this operations office one day , a gruff , salt and peppered old warhorse named sewell who still has the harshness thing down but had lost his marbles when it came to actual military function and thus wound up here , directing this madness .
the thing you socialist knuckleheads seem to forget is that people are essentially lazy .
you know the funny thing about this ballyhooed life expectancy increase ?
james flops down on the bed beside her and begins caressing her hair , the immaculate cornrows shed maintained all this time the one thing about her , possibly , that has not changed .
as defence lawyers , this is the most difficult thing we have to overcome ; not just to prove the lack of guilt of our client but to not then hand over a further suspect for them to inflict judgement upon .
it was the reason he did nt touch anyone anymore , and it was that thing we did nt talk about .
your friends need a lot of work , but they have one thing i ve never had in all my years of dancing .
its a guy thing , he explained after a high five .
he did the manly stand - back - and - nod thing , but he deserved a hell of a lot better than that .
there s one good thing about a small town , i guess : fewer reporters .
priss got to be his favorite grandchild , for one thing , by being old enough to have outgrown the foolishness of childhood ; for another , she sweet - talked and teased him , daring him to scold her , and she never minced words when she caught him in the wrong .
men in my family did n't own no slaves - too poor , for one thing .
it was the beatingest thing why nobody came after his beef .
` ` i ' m going to watch my house burn , for one thing .
looking , for one thing , because they 'd been taught that the sound and speed of the trains could be deceiving while standing directly on the tracks .
but i do think they ' ve all got one thing in common .
the only thing surprising her was that he 'd let tommy stay around so long .
too old and too ornery to make the trip , for one thing .
the only thing i know is that you have a soul out there upon your land that is not of your land and is of here .
she was thankful that carol was asleep when she had returned because the last thing , she wanted , was to answer the typical annoying questions .
you know the strangest thing is there was no fear on her face ; in fact , she looked at peace .
each appeared to have no obvious connection , except for one thing ; the strange caller .
the thing that struck a nerve with john was how they kept something from each victim , as proof of their kill .
you re right about one thing though ; i do need to get some rest before i see him again .
the thing , that confuses me , is how the memos were written on my personal letterhead .
crap , this is the last thing john needs .
dealing with them was the one thing leo hated most about owning a bar .
the first thing , he noticed , was no bright , flowered wallpaper , and the room smelled clean .
the only thing , they cared about , was the mayor looking bad during an election year , john chuckled silently to himself .
honestly , the only thing , john wanted , was to look into the bastard eyes and ... yeah , i need to stop lying to myself .
the only thing i can do is hug him .
the last thing he saw was the clothes he remembered them wearing when he left for work that morning .
the last thing she remembers before seeing me is hearing someone speaking the words , i will never leave you , or forsake you .
one other thing i notice : there is no evil stench lingering , but rather a sweet smell .
poor moses is the only thing i can think of .
i realize that my warm jacket may be the only thing keeping them going .
the only thing i feel now is innocent love .
the last thing i hear as they disappear is , remember , always carry our love with you and gods hope .
the last thing i hear is , goodnight , as i see the room get dark .
the only thing left in me is the satisfaction that gary is going to make it to the safe area .
the only thing keeping me from following him in is the perfect balance between the dead weight of my lying position , which is counteracting the gravity of his swinging body .
the only other thing i can see is the golden aura emanating from this magnificent flying beast ; that is lighting our way .
the only thing left is : him , me , and a broken heart .
* * * * * * * * * * bash hated lying to amy , but the last thing she needed right now was the truth .
the first thing you need to know about trout bash , is not to let them see you coming .
joshs flashlight was the only thing keeping them from total darkness under the thick canopy of trees .
maybe grace is the one thing , the only thing that can turn him around .
the only thing she was thankful for , was that she was alone in the seedy room and she prayed aloud that , they would not come back .
i used to be a real tomboy when i was your age and tree climbing was one of my favorite things to do .
after some additional infuriating conversation and unspoken suspicion on the part of dr . rami , carol walked away with her prescription.confused by the whole encounter , she wondered if the doctor had thought she was a drug addict.knowing full well that she had no history of addiction herself or at any time had there been any in her family , carol just shook her head.jerk , she thought and left the building.she was going to sleep soundly tonight , and right now that was the only thing on carols mind .
the last thing they needed right now was a suspicious looking woman coming into the building.sam allowed himself a moment of cocky revere.with his feet up on his desk , he leaned back and thought to himself how wonderful it was that pictures and negatives could be shred , but jell - o girls never seemed to go away.sam got to his feet and went to give charles an update.but ashewalked past the sixteenth floor elevator , the door opened.a beautiful woman emerged that sam did not recognize.he watched her glide up to the office of the ceo , knock and enter as though she owned the company.this was clearly not a good time .
carol felt beat to her knees.she had just lost the one thing she valued most : her credibility .
she had always been driven to succeed.and despite her terminally rebellious attitude , she had some milestones to be proud of.carol had assumed that the counseling field would be a caring and compassionate place to settle in.but it had not turned out that way.just like any other place in the world , there were good people and bad.the only thing noteworthy about the mental health setting was that the bad ones were full blown lunatics .
well , for one thing , your doctor friend is a very bad liar . ''
i m beginning to think there is no such thing as luck where you re concerned , '' he said , admiringly .
the most important thing in a legal battle is to know the answers to all the questions before they are asked.there could be no surprises.what hard evidence could they possibly have ? sam had to think this through completely before deciding what to do.he knew that charles would be bouncing off the walls trying to get him on the phone.he just did nt have the energy to baby sit right now.he would come up with a game plan before calling him .
bullshit , '' she yelled back.your behavior is the only thing i need to see.and if you had loved me you would nt have had all those affairs .
` ` michelle wiped a few tears off her cheek.he took away fifteen years of my life.now i m going to take the one thing he values most away from him .
chapter 23 donovans office was a ghost town.his regular patients had seen the article and did nt want to be anywhere near an ongoing investigation.all the dominex patients had stopped coming as well.the doctor had attempted to contact the drug company and had left numerous messages.no one was taking or returning his calls.he should have known that at the first sign of real trouble they would hang him out to dry.there was no such thing as loyalty with that much money on the line .
* * * * * * * * * * * * paul pratt returned to dominex and told his secretary to get wendy cox from the ajc on the phone.there was only one thing pratt loved more than the fight itself and that was going into battle with the right weapon.shes on line three , '' pratts secretary called out.pratt sat at his desk and picked up the phone .
chapter 28 everything at dominex pharmaceuticals was back to normal.the management team was having a pre - celebratory breakfast at the downtown hilton hotel in honor of the end of their study.the insanity was over and the newspaper lawsuit was fading into a bad memory.the great thing about the public , pratt said , setting down his coffee mug , is that people do nt seem to have much in the way of long term memory.once we get our final approval from the fda , no one will remember that story in the paper .
the only thing he wanted more than the beer was to be gone from this antechamber to hell .
the only thing different about this one was the big scar across his right eye .
the thing that kept us together at least for the year we were together was our devotion to personal autonomy .
he should have called and canceled , but russ had been the last thing on his mind .
the only thing that made the job interesting was that he had been issued a short muzzle assault rifle , a carbine .
the only thing that remained was a large sign that clearly stated , out of food .
i do nt know how long i cried , but the sobs were the last thing i remember before i woke up to the screams .
one thing i truly appreciated about the woman is that she encouraged the little girl to draw .
that s not the only thing .
that s the only thing that separates you from me ; you have something to live for .
another thing i noticed was as you move north along the coast , it was as if you were traveling into the past , america circa 1960 .
the only thing distinguishing each house from the next was the systematic bump of the last two digits in the address .
the only thing i knew for certain is that tristen would nt stop until eight were dead .
the one thing i needed was the site of the next murder .
i answered his question , the first thing i noticed was the size of his dick , then i started to see the other inconsistencies .
amidst all this chaos , the thought of them may have been the only thing keeping me from going insane .
it was the first thing i noticed when i opened my eyes .
but the thing she remembered most was new years eve , the last night she spent with him .
the only thing that eased me back to sleep was watching her as she kept her head on my chest as we lay on the floor in the hallway .
as i fell to ground , the last thing i heard before i blacked out was mara , repeating listlessly , i m flying , i m flying on the blue rock , i m flying .
he tried to focus with his eyes , they only thing still moving .
dust and leaves was the only thing disturbed .
error 07 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * you know , hope is a funny thing .
that s the thing with old models , they get replaced by the newer ones .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * you know , hope is a funny thing .
the only thing she knew would hold her back , was getting back to will and 88 .
00 marked plainly on her face , was the only thing that marred her face .
the only thing holding her back from a total massacre , was the memories of a little brother , a father whom loved her and a life that was cut short .
black was the last thing 88 saw before falling into the endless darkness .
i ve managed to get all my passwords and everything reset over the last few days , just by telling people i forgot cos i had this amnesia thing .
its a funny thing , evidence .
you see , the thing is , i split up with van and ah , yes , love , its a mysterious thing , makes us do strange things .
the last thing i need is the general involved in this .
it was likely the only thing keeping her from breaking down .
its the whole power thing .
the last thing he saw was an explosion of a ferocious ball of fire .
the only thing stopping her from snapping his neck was the thought of adam .
the double doors behind the receptionist open , and harrison connors bright smile is the first thing the detective notices .
do you know what the worst thing about this is ?
the only thing she does nt like about this house is all the windows .
the letters all had one thing in common .
the most disturbing thing was , she recognized the handwriting .
olivia had zero respect for her , but if there was one thing the woman was , it was confident .
the last thing she remembered was feeling cameron 's arm under hers as she fainted and fell to the floor .
the last thing she recalled was being in patrick 's room , but it was no longer his room .
the last thing she wanted was him to worry about her .
the first thing she noticed was the man 's twisted expression .
the first thing she noticed was the front - page story .
` ` the first thing we need to buy is a baby blanket . ''
the thing that upset her most is that she did n't own a personal computer since she did all her work on her work laptop .
kisses were the last thing on her mind .
the last thing she needed was an electrical fire while she was away .
` ` the last thing i want in my mouth is the cock of a serial killer 's lawyer , '' det .
the last thing i needed was for him to refuse , fight , or disobey me .
the only thing that paul could see was my hair and dark , cold eyes .
the first thing that i noticed was the number of guards posted : one guard patrolled the balcony ; two roamed the halls , one stood at the door , one waited in the lobby , and one stood idle in the kitchen .
the last thing that we needed was to worry about shanes job .
the only thing that i could never see was his face .
it sounded as though the last thing rebecca wanted to do was relive that night .
` ` jolene , that 's the last thing on my mind right now .
the feel of her hand beneath his changed in a heartbeat from warm , soft , female flesh to a clammy , foreign thing .
` ` one thing that fascinates me , '' danny admitted , ` ` is the personality change edwin seemed to undergo when he became chet wilder .
it was a thoroughly satisfying condition to be in , and the only thing missing was having some female around telling them how filthy and smelly they were and trying to hustle them off to the showers .
maybe she felt this same thing a few times a year , once a month .
the only thing that had stopped me was that melinda had made it a condition of hiring me .
his sister alice who ran chang 's which was about the closest thing that glennville had to a coat and tie restaurant .
the one thing that will always soothe us is mothers soft , comforting voice , he said .
he s out on the fucking golf course , shirking his responsibilities which is the single thing that he knows how to do really well !
the only thing we have in common is that were both going down eventually .
the one thing all the cultures and all the religions agree upon is the family , is nt that true ?
for one thing , her captor kept her locked in a basement for months .
as she fell into unconsciousness , the last thing she heard through her mp3 players were the beatles singing , you ve really got a hold on me .
all her thoughts of what might pose a challenge had previously had one thing in common : they were all within the law .
for one thing , it was obvious that whoever had fired the shot that killed gunter had been aiming at her .
the funny thing was , when the entire country hated her , it made her less likely to want to push people away .
everything was as she had left it , not a thing out of place .
the last thing she wanted was for him to drag her inside .
you 'll always be the most important thing in my life , sweetheart .
one thing we find time and again in our own planet is just how tenacious life is , how it will not only cling to environments that we would consider too hostile to support it , but thrive in them .
staying here , teaching english , following the program , is the only thing he has nt yet lost .
his throat is the only thing not white .
regret is a funny thing , he murmured .
the melbourne city morgue had undergone a complete refurbishment the previous summer , and the only thing that distinguished its entry from the average hospital was the lack of in - patients and the absence of stethoscopes .
the only tv he had ever broken was after a girlfriend walked out on him , which he supposed had nt made much sense seeings the one thing she had not been dating him for was the quality of his tv set .
but the second best thing was being there to see it .
29 dark royal blue carpet , varnished honduran mahogany wall panels , soft up - lighting on a caramel brown ceiling , a trophy cabinet with a golden smile of trophies ; the only thing not impeccably stylish in the oxygen dart bars front reception was the balding , hook - nosed attendant who was only clearing the counter with a few centimetres to spare .
the one thing he did remember clearly was how to get to the roof .
but if it is true , skidmore has developed his own line of poisons , they might prove the last thing you ever taste .
even in a high tech facility of death such as green fields , a good , old fashioned bullet to the head is still the thing you ve got to worry about most .
the funny thing about it was , we became friends .
the first thing komo grabbed was the cannon .
it is the only thing that gets me through the day .
my busy brain had then found its own explanation for the tapping , merging it with the holiday , which of course was the last thing i had been thinking about before falling asleep .
his head was the first thing he felt .
you see , we killed several of them when we escaped the other night , and if there 's one thing that enrages the hun more than anything else it 's using violence against his own troops .
one thing had changed though .
and they had tried to kill the man who was the closest thing to any man that she ever loved andre knight unlocked the door , entered , and struggled to steady his hand while he put a single lock on the front door .
the last thing she saw was the pale horse tattoo , a witness to her failure .
she s the first thing i think about when i wake up in the morning and the last thing i think about when i go to bed at night .
she s the first thing i think about when i wake up in the morning and the last thing i think about when i go to bed at night .
another thing that set jon apart from the other two squad leaders : he did nt demand that his marines address him as sergeant all the damn time .
yeah i know , jon replies ... the whole first name thing can take some getting used to .
its become a ritual ; the last thing he looks at before going to sleep .
i feel like half the man i was before i left , that s the messed up thing , jon admits , startling lewis with his quick , honest response .
the only thing that kept him cooped up in his house those first few months after coming home was the weather .
its the only thing that comforts you , the only thing that makes you feel better ... its all you ve got left .
doubt had gone home early and the only thing jon was aware of was the unexplainable pull , the need , to go after her , to chase her and catch up to her .
the one thing jon did nt talk about with tara was erin .
your isolation is the only thing that has kept you alive in here this long .
the only thing i did in mexico was eat and drink .
the only thing that alarmed him was his gut hanging out .
inside the only thing visible was the carnage .
if there was one thing the rectangular room lacked , that would be people .
time was one thing the agents in this mission did nt have much of .
when she had finally left the comfort of her master bedroom , the first thing that greeted her were the morning rays .
one positive thing that had nt changed with time though was his amazing handle on complex problems and summiting the mount everest of the hackers world routinely .
the funny thing about fear was that it produced the exact same symptoms as excitement , the only difference being the addition of willingness to the latter .
he d once seen a polish thug put up a fight for well over a minute with a blade sticking out of his heart , and he knew there was no such thing as a quick and sure kill with an edged weapon .
the only good thing she could hold on to was sam and the fact the voice seemed to have forgotten about her , finally giving up tormenting her on a daily basis .
that day , which had once seemed so far away was drawing near , and although she would be reluctant to leave the peace and tranquillity of sams flat , the idea of having her own private sanctuary again was the only thing that had kept her going these last few weeks .
the last thing she remembered was jack leaning over her with a stupid grin on his face as she lay on the floor .
but her mom had been right about one thing : casper was n't around anymore .
the last thing she wanted after working till late at night cleaning other people 's messes was to come home and have to do it all over again .
the first thing that came was the smell .
nevertheless , for centuries upon centuries and for people as diverse as zoroaster and rudyard kipling , it was officially the closest thing to an earthly paradise .
for one thing , i do nt know how much i m supposed to be taking him for .
the funny thing was that he could already sense that he would have a good chance of doing it either way .
one thing he was certain of was if he made love to her now , he would lose his handle on all those unfamiliar aspects , and their origins would become blurred by the present .
but the thing is , you can do a bad job at killing someone and they are still dead .
nobunaga did not broach the subject until they were twenty thousand feet in the air when , are double checking that the seats around them were still empty , said : the only thing more inconspicuous than a man in a black suit is two men in black suits .
he uses philosophical sentences like a secret weapon , and he always does it when you re hung - over , after a party , you lost at the casino , and the last thing you need is pearls of wisdom paulo coelho - style .
i actually feel that this painting is the only thing i have .
the last thing that he did was talk to her , his eyes averting hers many times before she finally coerced him into looking her in the eye .
the first thing i saw was a framed picture of me posing with my mother , which i remembered used to hang in the upstairs hallway .
the last thing i heard was a gentle strumming beside me before everything went black .
everything my mother had prayed about had come true , except for one thing .
hi , my name is rick and your mother took away the one thing that mattered most to my dying mom .
the last thing i saw before it charged was the glint from the amulet which adorned its neck ; a twisting metallic serpent , dripping with blood .
the last thing i had eaten had been the part of the muffin will had given me that morning .
until then , little girl , i advise you to hate me less intensely , because hate is the next thing to murder and murder is not appropriate in an aspiring saint .
pierre has been the closest thing to a friend he s had in a very long time and he s sad to see him go .
since we have some of the most dangerous viruses and chemicals known to man down here , there s no such thing as a stupid question .
that was the thing with special deputies , they raised mixed reactions .
council was tonight , that was one thing .
i got the feeling from the sheriff that that was nt the only odd thing about your town .
and that s not the only odd thing about his office , or his town .
the last thing toby saw before blacking out , was the boy sprawled unconscious before him .
toby did nt want to face that , and thought on his feet , you know , the thing with being sedated is it leaves you dog tired .
its only in case his mother or father were there , and i d be the last thing they d want to see , striding in in my boots .
jake explained , the thing with shotguns is you can aim wildly and still catch your target with half - a - dozen pellets .
also , the thing i loved so much about our friendship was that we rarely fought .
it was the same thing every birthday , every christmas .
there was one thing odd i noticed about myself ; my brown hair use to be just above my shoulders .
the one thing they all seem to have in common is that they all have confined spaces and extremely hot temperatures .
with each pair of statues , a single thing changed .
if there s one thing i ve noticed about you its that you do nt just wonder .
for one thing the envelope was addressed to a man .
one thing he does know , is this : with bertoni 's new found firepower and confidence , the irish and the jews do n't stand a chance .
the only thing that hurt was his skinall of it .
the one thing frank recalled fully was his earlier thought in the river , when he was scared of the boat tipping .
but i needed more data to start making those bricks * * * chapter 8 my dad seemed to have that john malkovich thing going for him .
for one thing , shed had to put up with the constant advances of warren sandstrom iii , who apparently thought he was gods gift to women .
that was nt the only thing i was looking forward to tonight after dinner , cindy and i checked and rechecked what we needed : penlights , cell phones , water , tissues , mace i was nt going anywhere without the mace this time .
i did not understand what had just happened but the simple fact that annie was gone was the only thing that mattered .
yes , it is too much for a coincidence , but you have nt noticed the most significant thing about recent events at all , have you ?
the annoying thing was that i needed to take a razor with me .
the funny thing though was that he was unshaven and looked as if he had been sitting there for days .
the last thing she wanted was to get pulled over for speeding with all the alcohol in her car , much less have to stop suddenly and have any of it break open on her seats or floor .
the first thing that came to her was a massive throbbing in her skull , followed by a much subtler feeling .
the only thing that had changed from his perspective since he 'd gone to bed was her vocal pattern .
besides , trouble was the last thing she wanted to stir up between them , although it seemed unlikely that ezra grazer would get heated or hold any grudge .
does n't matter what side of the law you 're on or what you 're doing , anxiety passes , that 's the only tolerable thing about it .
throughout the tremendous amount of woe and dread , there was one thing that kept megan 's melancholic mind melded in reality .
the first thing i knew about that was when john walked into the barracks one evening and asked for me by name .
my old man always used to say there s no such thing as a free meal in life and you seem to have been getting far too many already .
but if there was one thing master jeremiah had forgotten it was that all things must come to an end .
the important thing to remember is that every single word in the holy dryvel is true and if we have any kind of question or problem then we need not look any further than the holy dryvel .
that s the wonderful thing about being a true believer .
the only thing that keeps me alive here is my nurse and the stuff she gives me against the pain .
one thing cato did gain from the court case was a certain amount of publicity and as luck would have it one of the nurses sitting with the old mr . drummond during his interminable hours of agony had for some time been having doubts about what was going on in the dryvellist hospital .
the good thing about not slaving away in some regular job is that you ve got plenty of time , he said and smiled .
one thing you did not need in that department , was detective inspector pollard speaking to you in that manner more than once a year ? that is , if you did not wish to return to directing traffic somewhere in the back of whoop whoop .
it was the same thing he always felt when he was in the jungle leading his men , he just knew danger was close by .
the chopper was equipped with a thermal imaging camera but there was no reason to use it because one thing he was sure about was jackson stewart was not on foot .
there was that excitement again , must be the same thing a bloodhound feels , he thought .
the only thing he knew was he had just committed another crime , and this was a major one .
that was the one thing he had always instilled in his troops and it paid off in combat because he never had a weapon jam when needed .
in prison , he had the same thing every day , soggy pancakes with no syrup .
i was out first thing , seeing someone else who might have information .
she s the only thing keeping me sane .
the first thing we knew about the t - shirt even existing was when we , my husband and i , were being questioned about neil before he had even been charged .
but there was one thing missing : people .
the last thing he wanted ian frank to see was his fear .
` ` well he does n't act like a spoiled kid , for one thing .
the only thing missing was hannah .
in the final analysis , fritz rayburn was the only thing that had ever , really , truly belonged to kip rayburn and hannah sheraton had taken that away .
` ` see , that is the funny thing .
last thing he wanted was his prints in this place .
oh , you never said anything when we were in college but that judgmental thing was always there .
the good thing about working with ryan was that i loved to research .
the only thing i did nt have was black eyes .
it was one thing to meet your opponent face - to - face and another thing to be a target for an unseen enemy .
it was one thing to meet your opponent face - to - face and another thing to be a target for an unseen enemy .
for one thing , he is a complete coward .
the funny thing is , the more you dread an upcoming event , the faster time seems to pass .
that was just the thing , i added my bit in .
and yetit occurs to me that as an only child , my strained relationship to my widowed father is the only thing i have left besides my work and my lab .
there are definitely times when i feel like a broken record on repeat , and the strange thing is that - unlike all my previous boyfriends - lucien appears to accept the situation .
one thing i do remember , however , is the long walk along the candlelit paths to the excution site the silence , the stillness !
if its one thing i ca nt stand , its pity .
he was devastated by the betrayal , but the strange thing was that it did nt seem to affect his love for you , even though he knew that you were nt his child .
the last thing alex needed was to get desperate .
the doorway might be the only thing keeping him standing .
only one thing about that meeting haunted him why had nt he mentioned sanchez to kanani ?
the most disturbing thing was that sanchezs speech had more of a hispanic inflection than before he d gone awol .
funny thing is , krieger actually admires your stance .
the last thing alex saw before they pulled the hood on was freemans white square back fading into that pitch black darkness , like a bag of concrete sinking into a deep lake at night , sinking down , down and deeper still until it would find the bottom of everything , and nothing at all .
funny thing is ?
but , you know the worst thing about krieger ?
they really got a hard - on for one thing only grabbing more and more power and holding onto it no matter what .
as it was , death was as instant as death can be and the blinding flash of the muzzle was the last thing he ever knew .
the odd thing was he never aged .
the first thing that alex noticed was the smell .
well , the thing about fairy tales is they only come true if you will them to .
the thing about a badge is its only shiny so long you keep it polished .
the first thing he saw was a man with his back to him .
one good thing about getting up real early in the morning is you get to watch the sunrise .
being a good listener 's one thing , but if you lend an ear to miss jennings she 'll take it , in fact both of them , and she 's off and running for a long while ; like a marathon or something .
but i suppose the thing i noticed the most was how well the other kids at school treated me .
another thing i really enjoyed about those days was how momma seemed to be so happy and relaxed .
basically the crime scene was like this : first thing you might notice was that there were no skid marks ; none what so ever .
second thing that really stood out was how william countryman 's shoes were right in the middle of the street ; all by themselves .
the last thing i wanted to do was ponder on that question .
i mean the only thing she liked about david was that he was easy to pick on .
odd thing about russia is men and women wear their wedding bands on the opposite hand .
that is one thing , i liked about russia .
last thing i need is an outside country to interfere with us .
besides aric , you have one thing i never had , legitimacy .
one thing about the american empire , it continually created new billionaires by the day .
` ` not a thing , '' she replied and grabbed his hand and held it to her opened jacket .
the next thing kate noticed was that the woman appeared quite nervous as she waited across the entrance foyer .
the only thing that had annoyed her was that , only two days earlier he 'd shaved off his beard and come out grinning at her with a clean - shaven white face .
the only thing that bothered me was that i had never seen a working ai that appeared so in tune with the behaviour of those it served .
the first thing to note is that in fact there was some light .
aeniah appeared to see the same thing and she relaxed a little .
the best thing about the whole situation was that i noticed that seans rate of decent had began to slow .
have you ever noticed the one nice thing about egotists is they do n't talk about other people ? ''
the only odd thing about it is the day .
after they got divorced and i saw mum in her full , ' bugger it ' independence , the one thing that seemed constant were the holiday visits and your phone calls .
he ought to pay more attention to simple domestic pleasures because the one thing that brings him real satisfaction is being constant for bex .
that is the one thing about friend jasari .
now , the thing that bothers me is this .
on the street where you live the glare of flashbulbs is the last thing billy expects as he heads down the walkway from the car park towards the main hospital entrance , and he takes a few seconds to realise that his name is being called .
a moment of silence and it dawns on him ; a joke , sick realisation , but then ted thinks about it ; cash from the scots bastard , cash from this arsehole , it 's the same thing .
the last thing we need is the bloody neighbourhood watch ! ''
one mistake , either way , and the last thing that he and helen taste will be cold , hard grit .
the thing that jock remembers most about bonnie was the smell .
her sincerity was a tangible thing .
take your money , for one thing .
she was the closest thing to total animal i ve ever known .
he would still be married , for one thing .
for one thing , the man who had his stolen passport was obviously a criminal .
for one thing he went after me with a knife .
they re spanish - speaking , for one thing , with an absolute basket case of a government .
it was an island thing , this laxness .
chapter 34 : modified motivations the only thing kaylee found more disconcerting than malcolm 's ominous and silent stare was its complete absence .
` ` since the name was the only thing you ever gave me , i thought it fitting to discard once you betrayed me . ''
the only thing that did not appear to be far too old to function was the old man 's eyes .
he s been a fast learner and he knows about the intuition thing .
` ` the funny thing is scott hates roller coasters .
as i told your wife , i can make no guarantees , for the deck is stacked heavily against us , but if there 's one thing i hate more than anything else , it 's losing .
i ' ve looked at various companies financial records over the years , and if there 's one thing that is consistent with all of them , it is that no expenditure , no matter how frequent is for exactly the same amount .
i have watched many basketball games and if there 's one thing i ' ve noticed , it is that slam dunks are n't always a sure thing , '' he remarked .
this is the standard of proof that we have in this country , and the only thing that you can consider when determining the innocence or guilt of the accused .
the first thing that struck me was the silence , punctuated by a revving - thrumming engine now and then : not a twitter , not a hum , not a human voice .
lucid dreaming is the last thing you would dream of associating with jack .
at the surprisingly shabby ben - gurion airport , the first thing that grabs you is the inordinate ubiquity of uniforms .
the only thing common to all of the documents on the disk is their file format : compressed images known as jpeg .
in fact , she seemed embarrassed by her mothers extravagance , which was probably the thing charlie liked most about her , other than how she was cuter than an anime character .
the first thing edward keenan felt was rain , cold and splashing his face , snapping him from the darkness and into the bright light beaming through a thick canopy of trees .
last thing he wanted was to run into grant assuming grant was alive .
the last thing he sensed as he slipped into darkness was the fire , not on his skin , but starting in the back of the car .
her little apartment had the one thing she was looking for in a home .
the last thing you needed was to be pulled back into this mess . ''
imagination , play - pretend was the only thing made sense .
the dull clack of the door shutting through my wall spread thin and final in the dark , felt the same thing as the dark .
and the one thing he had held on to from her , had just disintegrated into a cloud of dust .
for one thing , if he was , she would have expected him to respond in the same reactionary way as reg did to her questions .
the last thing she wanted was to meet anyone out there the lift came to a standstill and she stepped out .
the last thing i truly remember is being at home with my mother , and his eyes began to wonder .
the one good thing about this room was : light !
the first thing he noticed were the sirens : those endless , blazing , deafening sirens .
well for one thing , she can translate decently , something that took me years to teach you .
for one thing , we know he sailed with captain kidd .
he saw past the cool demeanor to the nervous little man beneath , and being nervous , in his position in life , came from one thing .
one thing rock did want to do was study the other map in more detail .
the first thing she noticed was the bear skin rug , it felt soft beneath her feet and she slipped off her shoes to wiggle her toes .
the only thing that gave her pause was his flat expression .
as they entered the structure the first thing he noticed were the shell casings on the ground and the bullet holes dotting the walls .
and if it is one thing that you learn through living in the tropics for as long as i have , its that you do nt get very far by drinking the local piss .
chapter thirty - four the first thing that martin saw as the bus came to a halt beside the lake shore in goma was a white 1972 mini clubman estate car .
the one thing unifying them all : the prospect of work and a belief that through mancala they would be shown the way to a hopeful independent future that had always been denied them .
the thing that had always been missing - strangely the same entity that garnet wendelson always felt that he had lacked in his life - was respect .
the only thing you could ve passed onto her is being a total bitch , and carolyn seems to have avoided that trait .
the only thing that girl knows is love .
just one big bureaucracythe only thing worse is the government .
chuck must have noticed the same thing and put his arm around her .
i do nt know who or what he was , but i do think he had the same thing as her .
billy had never been to montreal , and the first thing he noticed was how french it was .
one thing he did look very comfortable doing was holding a gun .
one thing about bringing in that stray , the bond is unconditional .
upon entering the forest through gate c , the first thing jordan noticed was a modern picnic shelter that sat about a hundred feet inside the gate .
the only thing that still mattered .
it might have been selfish , but he did nt carethe only thing he cared about was beth .
stand alone painless the trials of max q the truant officer the heritage paper the jack hammer kristmas collins acknowledgments one thing i ve learned from this process is that writing a book is a team sport , and i sure have a lot of people to thank .
if there was one thing patty appreciated , that was luxury , and she would nt be seen dead on a ferry , having to mix with the hoi polloi .
the only thing sasha had in common with rorie was her height and build .
probably the only thing she had in common with her mother was a love of hot chocolate , and the conviction that it aided sleep .
the only thing that helped was when her mothers west indian friend annette let her take a few tokes of her joint .
well that was the funny thing .
the moment shed left priory house and moved into paolo and jeremys place , shed shed the skin of her former self ; and by the time pierre bertrand had done his work and made her even prettier than shed been before jimmy beat her , the only thing she had to remind her of her old life was sasha .
it could only be called one thing , melody smiled .
fuck you , she will still be cool , that is nt her thing .
the weather was nice and the last thing on anyones mind was learning .
the thing that instantly attracted him to her , aside from the fact that she was hot , was that she never treated him differently because he was wearing the orange jumpsuit .
the interesting thing was that the actual vaccine only took a few grains per dose so the contents of the sphere could be made quite small , not much bigger than a ball in a typical ball point pen .
his body shot up from the bed and the first thing he did was feel for his leg to see if it was broken .
one thing he knew from his dealings with robert until now was that it was going to be something big , quietstorm would nt spend years working on a plan that would be a letdown , this had to be something big and since he d recruited steve for his bioresorbable polymer sphere work there must be a key role for him here .
perhaps they re the same thing : the light and dark sides of the same moon .
that s not the only thing , either .
the ironic thing about your famous meeting is that its more or less completely incidental to what i actually want to know .
if there s one thing gruber and i have in common , its the belief that cops should act like fucking cops , yknow ?
but the i hate lying thing gets to me .
for one thing , boarding the bus without luggage might ve seemed suspicious .
one thing they do , i realized , is take care of their obligations .
see , a confessions one thing , but i needed forgiveness too .
the last thing she heard was him ordering another drink .
when he did sleep , in the small hours of the morning , he went to bed grinding his teeth about talbot , and the alarm that woke him was the same thing : hatred of talbot .
the last thing she saw before falling asleep was the face of lucas perth .
for one thing , the water level near the dam appeared to be a lot deeper than three or four feet .
he knew that jacobs firm hand was the only thing that held him back .
the one thing bothering me is why thompson ?
one thing about truck drivers , chuck thought noticing the full parking lot .
the last thing he remembered was hearing edies screams while he lay crumpled in the roadway with something warm and sticky trickling down the side of his face .
edie smiled and added , his side is nt the worst thing .
one thing joe loved about the guy some rules were just made to be broken .
the one good thing about being in d.c . was the proximity of readily available information espionage , international intrigue and speculation of events before they even happened .
it seemed ludicrous , but one thing he d learned over his career was never to immediately discount any possible connections no matter how ridiculous .
his hair was the first thing i noticed .
ricky was a lot of things , but i 'd never call him sweet .
` ` the good thing about the hollywood , '' jake explained , ` ` is that you can make all the noise you want and stay as long as you want , and nobody cares .
billionaires and princes , supermodels and politicians , actors , rock stars , philanthropists ; everyone attending tonight 's quorum ball had one crucial thing in common , and it was n't a burning desire to help the needy .
lenny 's friendship , his warm , easy manner , his readiness with a joke , even when business was going badly , was the most important , treasured thing in john merrivale 's life .
` ` plausible 's one thing .
` ` time 's about the one thing i have left , mr . buccola .
the last thing she heard was the thud of her own skull hitting the ground .
for one thing , it was n't safe .
grace 's memory of their marriage , of lenny 's love for her , was the one true thing she had left in this world .
the last thing he saw as the elevator doors closed was the furious doctor running toward him , shaking her fist like a cartoon villain .
wealth was the one thing she 'd thought she wanted all these years .
he had this weird , personal thing going on with her .
the big thing at isalo was the birdlife .
he had been awake all night , but sleep was the last thing on his mind .
oddly , the only thing that felt right in her life at the moment was the presence of a total stranger .
the only thing that got stronger was the stench .
` ` at first that was the only thing that gave me hope .
the dark - haired forty - year - old calling himself andrew macbride stepped out of the jetway inside the las vegas airport and the first thing he saw was a bank of slot machines .
for one thing , there was no helicopter there .
but sixty miles an hour was the same thing as a mile a minute , which was the same thing as eighty - eight feet per second .
but sixty miles an hour was the same thing as a mile a minute , which was the same thing as eighty - eight feet per second .
` ` a situation like that , the two - minute rule is the only thing we can rely on . ''
the last thing he needed to appear tonight was weak or fearful .
` ` believe me , money is the last thing this guy needs . ''
leigh teabing had protected his identity shrewdly - feigning a french accent and a pious heart , and demanding as payment the one thing he did not need - money .
tranquility , however , was the last thing rachel sexton was feeling at the moment .
the only thing she could think of was the number of world leaders who had sat in this very room and made decisions that shaped the world .
` ` best thing about the mark ix , '' norah said , ` ` is the padding .
the last thing norah wanted right now was to play baby - sitter .
the last thing rachel remembered was falling .
first thing reacher heard as his hearing came back was a quiet keening as the air whistled out through the hundred pellet holes in the roof .
one step at a time was webster 's patient way , so they were going to check out the beau borken story in california , and then they were going to peterson air force base in colorado to meet with general johnson , mcgrath was about the only bureau guy alive capable of shouting at webster , and he had , but arguing is not the same thing as winning , so they were all in the air heading first for mojave , mcgrath and webster and brogan and milosevic , all overtired , overanxious and morose in the hot noisy cabin .
no salute , but there was a deference in his stance which was more or less the same thing .
her kids never came to see her , and that was one thing i felt sorry for her about .
for one thing , she was n't just havin a bright day , she 'd been havin a bright week -she 'd even asked me that monday to put the board across the arms of her chair so she could have a few games of big clock solitaire , just like in the old days .
i kep tryin to remember just why i married him in the first place , for one thing , and at first i could n't do it .
i guess the way people think about alcoholics anonymous has changed over the years - i know they talk about it a lot more than they used to - but one thing that has n't changed is the way people will try to help somebody who claims he 's already gone to work helpin himself .
i thought about it over the next few days - one thing about warshin sheets and ironin shirts and vacuumin rugs , you always have lots of time to think - and the more i thought , the less relieved i was .
she had n't been talkin about any boy , for one thing , and it was n't ever selena 's way to be quiet about what was goin on in her life .
you could n't see her shape anymore , for one thing .
and , god help me , the first thing i thought of after i decided it was n't a boy was marijuana .
one thing i admired about her , andy - no matter what she was sayin or how hard it was for her , she 'd look at you when she said it .
make it good , cause it 's the last thing he 's ever gon na eat . '
but i was n't thinkin about the flashlight or my good luck , because the shit i was in right then was plenty deep enough , and the only thing i was thinkin about was the hand on my ankle , the hand that was draggin me toward the hole .
another thing about bein innocent any lies you do decide to tell are mostly unplanned lies ; innocent folks do n't spend hours workin out their stories , like i worked out mine about how i went up to russian meadow to watch the eclipse and never seen my husband again until i saw him in the mercier funeral home .
` ` thing is , bobby , why would i give a rat 's ass what makes your brother happy ? ''
for one thing , the crown vic would n't make it over the desert terrain .
the only thing they had in common was they all looked harassed to the breaking point .
the thing is , he did n't hit her .
` ` but hard is not the same thing as impossible . ''
` ` the only thing ? ''
but the thing with professionals is , they need to be able to work again in the future .
he 's setting up a chambers meeting with a judge , first thing .
the last thing luther wanted to see was christmas cards with their phony little messages .
but he was practically stoned anyway and a dui was the last thing he needed .
` ` and the only thing that distinguishes me from his other customers is that i was here last night and they were n't . ''
for one thing , she was wearing four - inch heels , and for another thing , no one walks anywhere anymore .
and a thousand yards in a wood is the same thing as a thousand miles .
the old guy made a small sound in his throat , the kind of thing i had heard once or twice before , when jokes turned out not to be jokes , when dire situations turned from bad to worse , when nightmares were revealed to be waking realities .
for one thing , he did n't have a phone .
and what 's the only thing barr 's got to lose ?
` ` one thing always bothered me , '' reacher said .
the only good thing about them is their smell , and , when i can get hold of it , i use pine - needle essence in my bath .
anyway , the first thing i knew was seeing the light of the thermite from your cabin .
if there was one thing that set james bond really moving in life , with the exception of gun - play , it was being passed at speed by a pretty girl ; and it was his experience that girls who drove competitively like that were always pretty - and exciting .
that 's another thing that worries me .
your appearance is one thing , but your comportment has also improved .
` ` for one thing the man 's a national hero .
i expect he 's got very good peripheral vision - the thing they mark us so highly for when we take our medical for the service .
so when this happened the first thing raf security and scotland yard wanted was the dossier of the dead man .
11 shy smile the first thing that struck bond about saratoga was the green majesty of the elms , which gave the discreet avenues of colonial - type clapboard houses some of the peace and serenity of a european watering place .
the first thing he noticed was that las vegas seemed to have invented a new school of functional architecture , ' the gilded mousetrap school ' he thought it might be called , whose main purpose was to channel the customer - mouse into the central gambling trap whether he wanted the cheese or not .
the thing we 'd give our eyes to have . '
the only odd thing about it was that it was brilliantly lit by arc lights .
the next thing bond felt was a hard kick in the ribs .
the main thing in these jobs was to have enough safety margin .
no , in cafes you have to drink the least offensive of the musical comedy drinks that go with them , and bond always had the same thing - an americano - bitter campari , cinzano , a large slice of lemon peel and soda .
to bond the oddest thing about mr krest was his voice .
tonight , however , science was the last thing on her mind .
the dozen or so witnesses were all being herded into a group on the eastern perimeter of the room , where the guards were collecting cell phones and cameras ; the last thing anderson needed was for one of these people to send a cell - phone snapshot to cnn .
for one thing , he 's been dead more than four hundred years .
the thing is , the keywords they used are really strange .
that 's the truly great thing about this business .
` ` tomorrow morning , first thing . ''
the thing that i liked best about the introductions was that , every time a stray wandered by , dana would bounce up to grab him or her .
the only thing to distinguish it from a hundred other apartment lobbies was the security desk in the corner , where a heavyset japanese doorman looked up from his comic book with a distinctly unfriendly manner .
then he goes down to the lobby , and pretends to be a nakamoto executive - even though the last thing eddie sakamura looks like is an executive .
` ` for one thing , that they were duplicated . ''
` ` and there 's another thing richmond knows : the japanese are the most racist people on earth . ''
because there is a thing about being a policeman .
the boboli gardens were the closest thing to a natural killbox that bruder had ever seen in the field .
` ` and maybe that 's why the only thing that keeps me going is my belief that we are capable of being better than we are ... capable of taking action to avoid a catastrophic future . ''
the last thing you need is some old - fashioned college professor slowing you down . ''
` ` the paint is a hell of a thing , '' he said .
fate 's a funny thing , is n't it ? ''
he had felt the same thing on random days since he left the army .
` ` and not doing that is the same thing as admitting you know the truth .
the important thing to remember is that his mind is unimpaired , the doctor had told her .
at that moment , it was the most important thing in the world .
she opened her eyes and she was in a hospital bed and the first thing she saw was alec nichols .
the first thing she was aware of was darkness .
the one negative thing about damian was his racist way of talking .
for one thing , she did n't have time .
they were alien to one another , and the only thing they had .
you know the most i d mpressive thing about yout hal baker sat there , trying to think what was impressive about himself .
they 're the most important thing in- the world to me .
there was some- thing about her that reminded him of his sister .
now that jennifer had office space , the only thing she lacked was clients .
and they all had one thing in common : they were poor .
` ` another thing i will not tolerate in my court is insolence . ''
one thing jennifer knew : client or not , she was not going to stand by and see someone railroaded into an insane asylum .
` ` the thing about abortions , '' dr . linden said , ` ` is that they 're so final .
the last thing in the world i cared about was money .
the thing that was driving her mad was that she knew how little chance they would have of finding frank jackson .
the only thing missing was her young son .
the only thing that disturbed jennifer was that she had not once been able to bring up the subject of stefan bjork .
that was the last thing in the world he wanted .
there were dozens of artists there , young and old , displaying their paintings , and they all had one thing in common : they were failures who had been unable to have their works exhibited in any gallery .
the last thing tony rizzoli saw before the ship heeled over and his eyes filled with the burning salt water was the helicopter zooming toward the moon .
` ` somewhere , a long time ago , i read that the greatest thing in life was to find someone to love , who loved you ? and i believed it . ''
the first thing diane noticed when she walked into the bathroom was that all the used towels had been placed back on the rack .
the last thing they were interested in was scenery .
however , i happen to be a bit of an expert myself , and if there was one thing i 'd stake my life on , it 's the fact that there is no way to cheat at chess .
but there was one thing about this burglary that was different from the others .
the wonderful thing about gold is that it 's so beautifully anonymous .
` ` was n't that a terrible thing about ken mallory ? ''
the only thing that spoiled her happiness was the knowledge that the darkness would come down on her again , and she would be lost in it .
mary ashley decided later that the only thing that saved her sinity was being in a state of shock .
` ` among other things , '' mary said quietly , ` ` corn and soybeans . ''
the only important thing is being with him and taking care of him .
the first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was a buxom , middle - aged woman seated at the side of his cot .
he was the last thing she thought of when she went to bed at night , and the first thing she thought of when she opened her eyes in the morning .
he was the last thing she thought of when she went to bed at night , and the first thing she thought of when she opened her eyes in the morning .
but they all had one thing in common - they cared .
the only thing that disturbed her was that alexandra was there with her .
except for one thing : he was poor .
having a burning desire for revenge was one thing ; figuring out a way to get it was another .
the first thing i 'll buy will be a new car - a seat a blue one .
the only thing they have left is hate .
and the last thing carl gorman felt before the boat smashed into his skull was the tug of the fish on his line .
seated at his bedside , she was the first thing that judd saw when he opened his eyes .
the only thing that kept it from being boring was the movies that were playing .
the only thing outstanding about his features were his eyes .
the last thing in the world i want is alton hatcher down on me .
not a thing unusual about it .
that 's the last thing we desire .
the interesting thing about the amber room was that it moved everyone in the same way .
that was the hardest thing about divorce , knowing a family was no more .
another thing about this man that irritated the hell out of him .
but , at the moment , the only thing she noticed was the feeling of being watched .
yet the last thing he saw before fleeing the room was the big man lying on the floor .
he jumped me first thing this morning , and i expect to get jumped for many days to come . ''
trust is the most important thing a lawyer has .
several times , the ` ` elaine thing '' was at the surface , waiting for a comment or a question , but joey did not mention it .
the only good thing about the secret room was the prohibition against cell phones .
that was the last thing the patient wanted ; he wanted more than his life to know who he was .
he was looking at a face of chiselled stone , a mask framed by dark red hair that cascaded over her shoulders , swept back by the night breezes - moving , the only living thing about the mask .
as vision slowly came back to him , the first thing he saw was the outline of two circles .
the funny thing is that i could run .
accountability was the one thing they should not allow i ever !
that was the frightening thing .
the odd thing about the letters , as chap and wes would whisper to each other much later , was that they were so thoroughly believable .
it 's the most unpleasant thing about this job .
they had me strapped to machines for two weeks , and the one thing that kept me alive was my desire to outlive sam cayhall .
` ` well , you get to live , for one thing .
the first thing he noticed was the dress , and as he walked to the table he knew the legs were under it but he could n't see them .
that was the thing about pam - great on the outside - the inside was the problem .
one thing about thorvaldsen , he was punctual .
` ` that 's the funny thing about u.s.-israeli relations .
one thing about the magellan billet - the perks had been as plentiful as the risks .
seems the only thing that counts is here and now . ''
` ` that 's the thing about chess , brent .
` ` for one thing , you could read this bible . ''
you see , that 's the great thing about being the leader of the free world .
every inmate said that the first thing you lose is your health , then your sanity .
that 's the funny thing .
randi interrupted , ` ` that 's the only thing about jon i ' m sure ofche works for our side . ''
` ` to expect is one thing .
` ` for one thing , a guard or two could decide to become unbribed . ''
that was one thing i liked about england .
in the valley , feng seemed to realize the same thing .
the one thing they could not afford was to confront him here , in the open , where the local police would inevitably get involved .
the imagination was a powerful thing : the less specific the message , the better .
for one thing , he was much younger than most candidates : just thirty - seven years of age .
he wanted to protect me was the thing .
` ` of course , to see is one thing .
` ` so we have at least one thing in common , '' caston said dryly .
it was a thing compounded of words and looks , of shared emotions - both exhilaration and despondency .
` ` that was the striking thing about the sun king 's court : the very highest level of civility , the greatest appreciation for accomplishments in literary , artistic , natural - scientific , and architectural realms .
since you ask , the main thing about liu ang seems to be that he 's enormously popular among his own people , and an incredible force of liberalization .
there were far too many in place , for one thing .
the funny thing , adrian choi reflected as he sat at clayton caston 's wonderfully tidy desk , was that his boss managed to create as much work for him when he was away as when he was in the office .
he could feel the warmth of her breath against his neck , and it was the only thing that kept the black miasma of despair from engulfing him .
a lot of it 's a blur , but the first thing i remember is the shouting ; it was hysterical .
but the one thing they will not suffer is embarrassment , the admission that they were penetrated ; those occasions were kept intensely private , even within their own organizations . ''
` ` the only thing sillier than this movie , '' he said , '' is the amount of money they 're paying me to be init . ''
.he picked up on the saigon thing too .
you 'll need money , however , so we must think how i can ` ` ` ` money 's one thing i do n't need , '' interruptedconverse .
` ` maybe it 's that heimlich thing ! ''
when the lawyer had contacted him through thetatiana relay , peter had been astonished by thesheer audacity of what converse had done.kidnapping the three generals video - taping theinterrogations or the ` ` oral examina lions '' or whatever the legal terminology was , it wasinsanel the only thing more insane was the fact thathe had carried it off thanks obviously to theresources of a very determined , very angry man fromthe surete .
one thing she could sense was smith 's wariness .
that whisper was the last thing he heard .
one thing links them all : the saudis .
but one thing i know about him is that he 's loyal to the men he bonds with .
for one thing , he was reclusive .
for one thing , the climb up was far more difficult and tiring .
for one thing , the dci invariably kept her late .
` ` you know the ironic thing about this city ?
one thing disturbed him : there were times when he was certain his followers were n't around - they were between shifts or , as an amusement to pass the time , he 'd given them the slip .
one thing i ' m a master of is compartmentalizing my life .
for one thing , how could fadi possibly know you 'd need a memory specialist ?
virtually the only thing left intact were the bottom layers , from which the matches themselves were torn off .
` ` that 's just the thing , sir . ''
for one thing , he 's been canny enough to reject the administration 's periodic offers of money in exchange for an armed insurrection .
for one thing , hererra was colombian , not spanish .
though i know almost nothing about you'including your real name , which is the least important thing about you'i know that you are not a man to hire himself out to anyone .
the last thing i need from you is self - pity . '
the last thing i need now is a lecture from you .
' one thing about arkadin , he 's consistent , ' bourne said .
for one thing , the man kept out of the limelight'one of the other partners , kerry mangold , was the public face of black river .
the truly curious and disturbing thing was that he still was n't .
with a move like a cobra , he leaned forward , grabbed her by her throat , and at last she looked alarmed , which was , after all , the first thing he was after .
the last thing i need is for you to be running all over the beltway , throwing your weight around like a bull in a china shop '' he waved a hand to stave off his deputy 's protestations .
if there was one thing she 'd learned since joining the rebels , it was that doubt undermined initiative , determination , most especially action .
what haunted arsenov , what had made him turn tail at the instant he smelled the trap , thus saving himself from the sudden death suffered by his compatriots , was the terror that had been lurking inside him , the thing that had given him nightmares for the past week .
for one thing , security had been beefed up to the point that getting through the various checkpoints felt like infiltrating a medieval fortress .
` ` for one thing , here in the desert they do n't rust .
` ` the last thing anyone needs in the field is to fly blind , '' he snapped .
` ` in fact , senor corellos , unless i ' ve misunderstood you , that 's the only thing you respect . ''
for one thing , she seemed to make the decision of whether or not he was going to get past her .
` ` the same thing that kept you from walking out of the library . ''
the one curious thing about the photos was that it was clear the victim had been shot with a small - caliber handgun .
` ` truth is the only thing that matters . ''
there was that thing about her - his hatred and his dependence - that made him weak .
the main thing for her to keep in mind , jason said , was to move at a normal pace , neither fast nor slow .
the one thing all these muslims had in common was their hatred of the soviets , stalin in particular .
she glanced down at her fish as if it were the last thing she wanted to put in her mouth .
` ` there is no good thing about being alone .
` ` right now , the only thing i worry about , '' soraya said , ` ` is you , mr .
russia had not changed so much that lightning - swift dismissals on trumped - up charges were a thing of the past .
for one thing , berlin had for many years been on the cutting edge of popular music .
this was another thing unique about her .
devra put her head against the headrest as she continued , ` ` in fact , the most vivid thing i remember about my mother was her fear .
if batt had learned one thing from his abortive association with the two it was that kendall was a weak link .
that was another thing that drew him to her - she was n't afraid of the male fire burning in her belly .
` ` understanding is one thing , but will you forgive me ? ''
` ` carlos would find the contrivance ; it 's the first thing he 'll look for .
( ( ( marie stood in marseilles 's immigration line , mercifully short because of the early hour , and assumed an air of boredom , the last thing she felt .
the last thing i need is a sermon from you !
` ` not a goddamned thing .
when he stepped into his new apartment , the first thing he noticed was that it was sufficiently heated .
the first thing randi russell noticed when she deactivated the alarm and opened the door to bay digital was that she was not alone although the security system indicated no intrusion , she caught the faint odor of clove tobacco smoke .
because prayer might be the only thing we have left ! ''
the first thing he noticed about her was her hair .
then he called me at the office first thing the next morning and apologized .
` ` one good thing about jail is that it allows you to think a lot . ''
the only thing that has changed is your name , bramwell moore . '
at that point i had been in more than six years , and army coffee was one of the things that made me happy to stay in .
this kramer thing was n't the reason .
` ` it 'll be the only thing anyone remembers about him . ''
the drugs and the money in brubaker 's pocket are the exact same thing as the branch up carbone 's ass and the yogurt on his back .
it was n't comfortable , but one thing you learn in the army is how to sleep anywhere .
one thing there is n't a lot of inside an abrams is room .
the woman was a blonde , and that was the first thing he noticed .
she might be many things , but one thing she was not was cavalier with her orders .
she might be many things , but one thing she was not was cavalier with her orders .
the one good thing about the annoying fellow was he had turned out to be as smart as jonathan smith had claimed .
once she no longer had mike , the only thing that mattered was making the world a better , safer place .
the last thing i need is a congressman .
when a man , and i trust some day a woman , reaches this office , there 's only one thing left , and that 's his mark on history .
novak 's death could be profoundly destabilizing for dozens of regions , and one thing washington does like is stability . ''
the only thing that disturbed janson about him , in fact , was his tolerance - indeed , appetite - for risk .
for one thing , the difficulties in maneuvering amid shifting currents were immensely greater with an open canopy .
the vista came as something of a shock ; it was the first thing he had seen since the jump .
his own sense of repugnance was the only thing that gave solace .
` ` cash is about the only thing i ' ve got left .
` ` a funny thing about our business - the loftier the language , the lower the deed . ''
it was the only thing he was conscious of , the figure of the black woman , growing larger and larger as he gunned the motor of the cab and then , abruptly , swung the steering wheel far to the right .
his stomach was tight with tension ; food was the last thing on his mind .
` ` that 's another thing about you americans , '' he sneered .
that 's the thing about a child : you ca n't tell him what he ca n't deal with .
the only thing that was unfamiliar was the bureaucrat 's garb : a man he had always seen in three - button suits of navy or charcoal worsted was wearing khakis , a madras shirt , and moccasins - his weekend attire .
there 's one thing that divides us : whatever happens , you 'll always be a goddamn war hero , and i 'll always be a civvy desk jockey , and for some people , that makes you a better man .
it 's irrational , but love 's not a thing to reason about , is it ?
said the thing about the new economy was the ' death of distance ' so that it did n't make no difference where you was .
it was impossible to be sure , and the sheer uncertainty was the most nerve - racking thing of all .
janson 's knowledge of that ultimate requital was the only thing that made his memories endurable .
the strongest thing about the weak is their hatred of the strong . ''
that was the thing about new york - so much traffic , it was far easier to stroll the thirteen blocks .
that was the thing about plastic cards .
that was the one thing about this particular form of punishment - many times it did not kill the victim .
the one thing he did not want to do was shoot anyone .
that was another thing about pirate society .
mainly garbage - fiction - but there is one thing in it i agree with .
that was the thing about the sweat .
sad thing is , tequila was one of the few who could ' ve made it . ''
the last thing the young italian felt was the terrible pain as an ice - cold blade plunged deep into his exposed throat .
to smith , the important thing was that it worked .
the very last thing they needed to be right now was conspicuous .
for one thing , it 's too expensive .
as if honesty was the last thing you should expect . ''
scofield looked at the dead men on the pavement ` ` maybe the only thing that 's left .
as a simple shepherd , guiding his flocks , aware of the rocky slopes and uncrossable streams ... that sort of thing .
six men and one woman , ranging in ages from their early thirties to their middle fifties , a mix of nationalities with one thing in common - all were immensely rich .
` ` that 's the funny thing .
the only thing missing was a moat .
the first thing that caught his eye was the strip of light at the bottom of the second door on the right .
for one thing , they ca n't have any idea suleiman 's on the run yet .
one thing that had been added was a metal banister lining the stair 's outer edge .
he gripped his medical file , the only physical thing he owned at the moment he thought of ponta pori , his home now , and wondered if he had been missed .
every step is now being captured on video , and the last thing i want is the image of me lumbering into the bank with a heavy satchel .
one thing i ca n't figure out , one of many , is why they sat on the evidence for so long . ''
the only thing worse than being unemployed is having a job in which you lose money and your debts become cumulative each month .
the offices are modern and busy , and the oddest thing about the place is that everyone is black .
there 's no sign of bruiser outside the courtroom , and as i slowly push open the door and look inside , the first thing i do n't see is his huge body .
the amazing thing about drum - mond 's motion was the timing .
the life of a very important lawyer revolves around only one thing : the trial calendar .
the last thing i need tonight is a heavy dinner with wine and drinks .
she was pushing me out of the door for one thing , and it just seemed like the best course of action .
the only odd thing about his move was that he had registered to vote so quickly .
and the worst thing about nicotine is that it 's addictive .
the most important thing is that we stick together .
' one thing i ' m not is your prisoner .
the only thing she valued was the scarlatti name , its heritage , its future .
flying terrified her , and the only thing worse than landing was taking off .
the only thing that allowed her to keep her composure was to spend the flight immersed in her case files .
` ` for one thing , it 's just about impossible to do a spinal tap on a dead body .
the one thing he clung to , the one thing that allowed him to keep his sanity , was that liesl had probably been dead when the cabin had burst into flames .
` ` all the same , '' marquand said , ` ` there is such a thing as beginner 's luck . ''
` ` for one thing , they are n't , or were n't , janitors , believe me , none of them .
can you come by the office tomorrow morning , first thing ?
the thing is ... '' ` ` top - seeded in tennis , i told him .
` ` the last thing i saw as we were scrambling out the door was you , covered with blood , screaming .
` ` we could thaw out for one thing .
for one thing , the pianist was terrible .
` ` well , one thing there 's no shortage of is gestapo agents , '' he said .
no , the only thing that has kept hitler from declaring war against russia is his fear that russia is too strong an adversary .
acquiring power was one thing .
` ` that 's the thing i like about your church .
` ` now , you see , that 's the thing .
` ` that 's the great thing about being retired .
` ` the only thing you have that i want is cassiopeia .
that was the thing about being a field agent .
the familiar thing was the pale gleam of an old beige jacket .
now the nearest thing to a substitute relative was dead , too .
now she was feeling the same thing .
the screen cleared and revealed the database entry for spencer gutman ricker and talbot , which was the last thing he had looked at before calling them , back when he had never heard of anybody called mrs . jacob .
` ` the thing about baseball is that the regular season is one hundred sixty - two games long .
washington 's orange nighttime glow was the only thing he could see .
kidnapped is the same thing as dead , ninety - nine times in a hundred . ''
is it a testosterone thing ?
the last thing on his mind was copying me .
` ` angry , guilty , it 's all the same thing .
first thing he saw was a pair of shoes .
` ` one thing i remember is that in the first part , vice president is written without a hyphen between the two words .
and the last thing i care about right now is politics . ''
it 's a muscle thing .
for one thing , there do n't seem to be any hedges in nebraska .
it was the only thing moving .
then over the years i sensed the duncans were doing something bad , but what turned out to be the truth was always the last thing on my mental list .
` ` man , you 're blind , for one thing ! ''
only , after a drink or two once he 's started up with that pinchy thing he wants everyone to call him thorny .
the funny thing was , dale thought , if you hung it in your living room , most of the people who came in would never really notice it at all .
coffee is the last thing he needs ; he can drink orange juice .
all the bases seem to be covered , yet ... is there not such a thing as mother 's intuition ?
the thing was , he had this terrible voice .
the nice thing about elvena morton is that you do n't have to hold up your end of the conversation , because she is glad to take care of everything .
` ` well , for one thing , judy seems to think that ty is still alive , and that you 're the only person who can find him . ''
he has , after all , put the picture in a place where it 's the first thing he looks at in the morning and the last thing he sees at night .
for one thing , they recognize each other 's intelligence .
believe me , i can get with the program , because the last thing i want to do is get any closer to that place .
he 's the closest thing to a child of my own that i 'll ever have .
the only thing he heard climbing the steps was his unending need for his wife .
for one thing , he 's never seen beezer and doc without mouse , sonny , and kaiser bill .
there 's the way the house wo n't hold its shape , for one thing the way it sometimes seems enormous , as if it is many houses somehow all overlaid .
it felt good to shove things , and that was another thing that scared her .
` ` it 's a subconscious thing , and it always goes out at someone you do n't like , '' he said .
for one thing , this guy looked about thirty - five , and that was a little long in the tooth for a graduate student .
` ` well , you can go back to taking your pills , for one thing . ''
the first thing he became aware of was that he was sitting in a puddle of ginger ale .
no more running , for one thing .
that was the most frightening thing of all - no longer being sure that she could stop .
the only thing wrong with houston is that you are n't here . ''
but when you get south to our block , it 's been rebuilt , with our apartments for one thing , and garbage collection is on the street . ''
after you saw bankston carrying them into his place - he 'd just showered over at melanie 's after killing the buckleys , and he was going to get the clubs out of his car at a time when he thought no one would be out and about at the apartments - he got scared and ditched the bag , the only distinctive thing about the set , the next dark night .
i have noticed that , if there is one thing ministers are good at projecting , it is sincerity .
one thing i knew jane and i had shared : we loved books , we especially loved mysteries , and more than anything we loved books about real murders .
the first thing i felt was overwhelming relief .
the strangest thing about not having a job was that it made the whole week so shapeless .
` ` do you mind , '' angel said almost shyly , ` ` i know i threw it up there , but if there 's one thing i ca n't handle , it 's heights ... now if it bothers you , i 'll go on and do it , or shelby can get up there when he gets up ... '' i gaped at her , before i remembered my manners and nodded matter - of - factly .
the only thing they had in common was a stunningly dreadful combination of colors .
that was another thing i learned on that trip : how to ask favors , some of them outrageous , of complete strangers .
the oddest thing about it was that the sound seemed to be issuing from my appendix .
` ` for one thing , i ' m out of pills .
one thing i had changed , a couple of months after martin died , was our bedroom .
for one thing , the largesse had been irregular ; martin had always thought it would be an insult to give barrett a steady allowance , as though barrett were still a child .
the last thing in the world i needed today was to have to defend myself to my mother .
` ` she has this big thing about me .
for one thing , the police are sure to still be there .
for one thing , i would not have rolled it into a ball .
for one thing , janie had cast her eyes at perry allison .
the only dumb thing about him is his name . ''
chapter eleven when i got home that evening , cooking was the bottom thing on my list of desirable activities .
smarter lovers , for one thing .
if there 's one thing television has taught americans , it 's that justice does n't always move at the pace , or in the direction , that it should .
one thing i would n't be missing about this town was the way everybody knew everyone 's business - even if they pretended like they did n't .
but if there was one thing i 'd learned in the months since his leaving , it was that my father was gifted with a breathtaking ability for denial .
' you know , that 's another thing about your place . '
all week , ashton 's death had been the only thing on my mind , haunting me .
martin : looking at the clips we ' ve seen , i ' ve got to say , the thing that strikes me is the complete lack of personal responsibility .
i do n't know about you , but if i ' m in prison , awaiting a murder trial , boys are going to be the last thing on my mind .
it 's kind of tacky , i mean , he seemed kind of cool to begin with , that whole ' lord and master of all he surveys ' thing , but i do n't know , he kind of gives me the creeps now . ''
that 's the funny thing when you 're given a few months to live .
when you 're sick and dying , the ego is and should be the first thing to go .
the full extent of sigma 's involvement in the u.s . intelligence and defense community was still a mystery to him , but one thing he did know : sigma worked under the aegis of the ultrasecretive darpa - the defense advanced research projects agency .
one good thing about coming to a little - known place like the wolverines - the wildlife will be abundant .
... ` ` the beautiful thing about a twelve - gauge , '' kalyn said , ` ` is you can be a terrible shot , and it does n't matter . ''
that the thing that scared her most was herself .
funny thing about the urge .
last thing he needed was to throw a red flag by smelling like decomp .
the first thing donaldson saw was a pair of snakeskin boots , coated in dust , and then a pair of well - worn wrangler jeans .
even on weekends in new york , lying in bed in her studio apartment , the nearest thing to silence contained the noise of sirens and central heating , her refrigerator cutting on and off in the predawn hours .
it was n't a bad feeling , just a sudden , blissful calm , and the only thing that unnerved abigail was how fast it had bullied its way in .
the thing about this poem is , everyone thinks it applies to them .
` ` this following you around thing is quite temporary .
` ` the thing in washington , '' i said , ` ` is small potatoes .
standing in the dining room , the first thing to strike him was the warmth .
first thing he fixed upon were a pair of antelope standing motionless with their heads raised , staring toward the noise of what was coming .
` ` yeah , but i did n't want to , that 's the thing .
the only thing he does n't have going for him is the suit , otherwise he could be a ken doll too , although the brunette one .
there 's only one thing missing from the madness .
the same thing as you are .
the eerie thing about lia was that she could make anything sound genuine .
the only thing i could think about was the girl in the video , her body dangling off the front of the car , black noose fitted tightly around her lifeless neck .
she let the words hang in the air , her fury a palpable thing , and then she left .
` ` you and dean have some kind of pseudo - sworn - enemy , pseudo - sibling - rivalry thing going on .
the last thing i heard before i left was dean 's voice , empty and hard .
` ` this program is the only thing keeping that boy from the edge .
the only thing i would bring to this venture was objectivity .
he looked at dean , and the only thing he saw was himself - a god , not subject to man 's laws , above things like empathy and guilt .
the first thing i noticed about the girl - other than the chipper tone in her voice and the fact that she had literally just defined normal - was her hair .
but the best thing was the look in his eyes : cold , steely determination .
` ` the other thing victimology tells us , '' dean continued , flicking his eyes over to agent locke , ` ` is how the victim would have reacted to being abducted or attacked .
really , cassie , i ' m not a fan of incest , and dean is the closest thing to a brother i have .
the most disturbing thing about this entire room - maybe this entire situation - was that i had n't pegged agent briggs for a hunter .
` ` if there 's one thing i excel at , it 's distractions . ''
this girl did n't fit with the victimology of the unsub 's other victims , but if there was one thing i knew about this killer , it was that he always chose his targets for a reason .
the last thing we need right now is someone playing hero . ''
now , one thing i know is that if you love women - which i do , i ' m not ashamed to say - you find something of beauty in every woman , no matter whether they 're what you might call classically beautiful .
one thing i knew of caroline , she was a brave woman , perhaps the bravest i 'd ever known , but even so , she was passing up the opportunity to live the rest of her days in pampered luxury ; and , worse , she was going to scandalize her mother and father .
that 's the thing about the drink , though .
one thing you have to say about a ` ` fat bastard '' taunt - it always gets them going .
that 's the thing with soldiers of the crown .
we had one thing in common , at least , as we were both heading for havana .
for one thing , he constantly asked about pirates .
one thing i knew for certain was that if the decision had been left to ducasse , i 'd have been watching my guts drop to the compound floor ; instead , torres stood up and signalled to his men .
yes , i ' ve since worked out i drank to drown my discontent , but that 's the thing with drinking , you often do n't know why at the time .
he was never especially keen on attacking ships , for one thing , which was a rarity among us .
one thing i knew was that my old friend edward thatch would have known which way to turn .
his colourful indian shirt was the last thing i saw as another man came forward clutching a black bag that he pulled over my head .
' lad ' is the last thing you should be calling me ... '' oh yes ?
the last thing i heard as the darkness claimed me was bartholomew roberts , softly taunting me .
i left , and when , on the journey back to my boarding - house in bristol , i realized my cheeks were wet , i allowed myself to cry , grateful for one thing at least .
if they did , then , while of course i knew better than to envy them their lives when mine was so much more comfortable , i envied them that one thing : their friends .
that was another thing that had changed since the attack : betty had become a lot more candid , and every now and then would drop hints about how she really felt about things .
he was always buttoned and neat , for one thing , and he was fanatical about punctuality ; he insisted that things be orderly at all times .
i could only hope that my friend ahead was having it just as hard , even harder perhaps , because the one thing that spurred me on , the one thing that kept my legs pumping and my chest pulling ragged breaths from the air was the knowledge that i was closing the gap .
i could only hope that my friend ahead was having it just as hard , even harder perhaps , because the one thing that spurred me on , the one thing that kept my legs pumping and my chest pulling ragged breaths from the air was the knowledge that i was closing the gap .
` ` one other thing : the haramlik , where the concubines live , the baths are in there . ''
` ` come on , you dickless wonders , let 's see how you fare against one of his majesty 's men ... '' the last thing we heard as we ran back along the walkway was the sound of a scream .
28 january 1758 the first thing i heard this morning was a scream .
it asks only one thing in return : complete and total obedience .
` ` thing is , by the time mehmed took this city , there was almost nothing left of it - or of the old byzantine empire .
` ` the important thing to realize is this : love binds our order together ; love of people , of cultures , of the world . ''
for one thing , he had an insolent , ironic manner .
however , if he knew one thing about soldiers it was that they liked to gossip , and the more there were , the more indiscreet they were likely to be .
for one thing he had to quell the rebellion that erupted immediately after al mualim 's death . '
we have work to do , and the last thing we need is to get cornered by borgia guards . ''
` ` one good thing about thieves - good ones , at least , '' said la volpe .
` ` one thing i 'll soon have no shortage of is men .
` ` one thing i am not is a man of violence . ''
the only thing which distinguished santa salvaza from a peacetime village was that it was peppered with orsi men - at - arms .
he was a tormented man , a twisted genius , and the worst kind of fanatical believer ; but the most frightening thing about him was that people allowed him not only to lead them , but to incite them to commit the most ludicrous and destructive acts of folly .
that tender , breakable thing in his son was a boyle curse , the same thing that made dave , at thirty - five , repeatedly get mistaken for a college student , find himself getting carded at liquor stores outside the neighborhood .
that tender , breakable thing in his son was a boyle curse , the same thing that made dave , at thirty - five , repeatedly get mistaken for a college student , find himself getting carded at liquor stores outside the neighborhood .
and somehow she 'd ended up stuffed in this narrow corridor , its mildewed walls the last thing she saw , probably the last thing she 'd smelled .
and somehow she 'd ended up stuffed in this narrow corridor , its mildewed walls the last thing she saw , probably the last thing she 'd smelled .
they headed down the slope between streams of yellow crime scene tape , and sean watched the sun begin its descent through the trees , turning the pen a rusty gold , adding a red glow to the treetops , sean thinking if he were dead that 's one of the things he 'd probably miss most , the colors , the way they could come out of nowhere and surprise you , even though they could make you feel slightly sad , too , small , like you did n't belong here .
the thing about that idea was that even though sean would have expected it to be the first casualty of a night 's drinking , it had remained lodged in his brain like a stone in the sole of his shoe .
ray pulled his feet up onto the bed and backed up , and brendan felt ashamed , but still angry , because that was the thing about those who were mute they could make you feel stupid for talking .
i mean , that 's the whole thing about vampirism , celeste there 's something attractive about it .
the worst thing about being dead was that celeste and michael would move on .
and that was one of the great things about a place like the flats , the thing he feared would be lost the way old feelings and entire pasts could be laid to rest with time , as you aged , once you realized that everything was changing and the only things that remained the same were the people you 'd grown up with and the place you 'd come from .
and that was one of the great things about a place like the flats , the thing he feared would be lost the way old feelings and entire pasts could be laid to rest with time , as you aged , once you realized that everything was changing and the only things that remained the same were the people you 'd grown up with and the place you 'd come from .
the first thing he saw were weeds .
it was a beautiful dress and the color had been the first thing to catch his eye .
the first thing that hit teddy was the smells .
but his eyes were the most disruptive thing about him .
just as he had the night before , the last thing he noticed before he passed out were his thumbs .
that 's the thing about being a victim ; you start to think it 'll happen to you on a regular basis .
angie 's always had this thing about the window behind her desk .
` ` bucking city hall 's one thing , the state house is something else entirely . ''
i thought about it , figuring i 'd need all the help i could get on this one , but there 's one thing i hate more than a hypocrite : a pious one .
if he ever comes to ground , that photo will be one more thing to nail him with .
` ` great thing about homicides in shitty neighborhoods , nobody gives a fuck , so nobody gets in the way . ''
` ` blood 's a strange thing . ''
my father was quoted in the third column : ` ` i ' m a fireman , and one thing firemen know is that you have to stop a fire in the low floors , before it gets out of control . ''
the only thing he seems to do while in office is acquire a reputation for ruthlessness and power - craving which would have made lyndon johnson blush .
my father 's smile , so rare , was a thing of wonder .
i had just bought my car - a jaguar xke - and i was n't about to give it up to a pack of thugs who thought wanting something was the same thing as being entitled to it .
but , even if they were , this was the north end , home of the mafia , and one thing people knew around here from birth was no matter what they saw , they did n't see it , officer .
you know his big thing about honor , patrick . ''
in my previous experience with women , once you ' ve been intimate with someone for a while , her beauty is often the first thing you overlook .
gordon always seemed to have trouble keeping his dark hair from falling to his forehead , unusual in this age of freeze - dried anchor heads , but he had piercing , righteous eyes and a constant quaver of outrage in his voice that made up for the hair thing , even when he was reporting on christmas tree lightings and barney sightings .
gordon straightened his cuffs and tanya did this cool squirming / settling thing in her chair as she shuffled some papers in her hand and prepared to read from the teleprompter .
` ` and the thing about luck , man , it always runs out . ''
the shotgun swung my way , its dark , dark eyes the last thing i 'd see .
ray dupuis was one of the guys with shaved heads , and the only thing that separated him from the others was that he seemed a few years older and his wrinkled t - shirt was silk .
` ` probably because you date defense attorneys who think a good wardrobe makes up for that lack - of - brains thing . ''
the thing with vanessa was that even if you saw her coming , she kept coming .
` ` means only one thing .
` ` well , that 's the thing about us criminal types , yeah , mr . kenzie ?
` ` no such thing as too much reading , '' i said .
he was some other thing .
and the thing that 's killing them is one thing .
for a few , strangely joyous hours , luther did n't feel like a colored man , did n't even feel there was such a thing as color , only one thing above all others : he was an american .
it was so quiet he could hear his footsteps and he imagined their echoes as a living thing , slipping away from the family home , the last thing anyone remembered hearing before they became part of a legend .
in his time with the bureau , he 'd learned one thing about men above all others : we were all sick .
another thing tim was fond of saying was when a house falls down , the first termite to bite into it is just as much to blame as the last .
` ` it 's not one thing or the other , i guess . ''
as he descended the spiral staircase in the dark , maso said , ` ` funny thing about fathers and sons - you can go forth and build an empire .
he said , ` ` thing about that kind of ... event , joe ?
` ` you 're the one who went to prison , and if there 's one thing i know about convicts it 's that they count days real keen . ''
chapter twenty - four how you meet your end the first thing joe noticed about albert white was how much he 'd aged in three years .
the second thing joe noticed was that he held sal urso 's thompson in his right hand .
about the only thing joe could move was his head .
the last thing he ever saw was a drop of his blood landing in his glass of anisette .
they did , and as they talked , joe kept looking for some indication in those dark eyes that he saw their point or did n't , but it was like talking to a marble floor - the only thing you got back , if you caught the light right , was your own reflection .
the last thing he 'd regretted before they forced him to the fire was that he 'd never found her .
she wanted one thing from him , and if he could give it to her , should n't she risk the rest ?
` ` wanting your privacy is one thing , but hiding your face from me will no ' do , emma . ''
the only thing about her that responded to him was her body - tonight her need had been strong - and he could use that .
it 's made you what you are , and i would no ' change a single thing about you .
the only thing she knew for certain was that he made her happy .
his hatred was the only thing that kept him remotely sane , and he 'd clung to it .
but he knows that the one thing the horde holds sacred is its bloodlines .
his chilling smile was the last thing she saw before he disappeared , tracing .
that was one good thing about being a vamp .
` ` vampires visited here more than one hundred and fifty years ago , and the thing about vampires is , once they find a place they like - they always come back ! ''
the first thing my eyes went to was the cross carved into the flesh of his palm , the cross he 'd made the night he vowed to track me down and kill me .
barring murder or an incredibly rare accident , time was the one thing they all had a lot of .
sam was frowning as that realization tried to grab hold of her thoughts , but it was the oddest thing ... the thought was as slippery as a fish , slipping out of her grasp before she could get a proper hold on it .
timing was n't the only thing about him that had sucked .
if there was one thing she 'd come to learn about mortimer , it was that he really liked his food .
when she arched an eyebrow , he grimaced and explained , ` ` mortimer has this whole responsibility - issue thing . ''
the last thing she remembered was - dani stiffened as the last day 's events washed through her mind , a kaleidoscope of bright , sparkling memories of a happy , sunny day with her family , followed by dark terror and anxiety that finished with an almost equally dark and desperate passion .
the last thing she recalled was rolling around in the back of the suv with decker - a rather poor description of what had taken place , dani acknowledged .
the words were the very last thing decker wanted to hear , and immediately brought an image into his head of the bodies in the ravine .
that was the one thing jo had noticed ; while all the men looked mean and gruff , and several even had long hair , not a single one had a tattoo or piercing of any kind .
a glance back as she stepped into the hall showed that sam and mortimer had reached alex with the latest man , and he was doing that weird staring thing , peering intensely at alex 's forehead as if she had a huge zit growing in the center of it .
jo clutched desperately at charlie with one hand , the other had a death grip on the undone seat belt and was the only thing that kept them both from flying to the floor .
all through the examination , he 'd wagged his tail happily , barked , and tried to lick the doctor in hello , basically acting like there was n't a thing wrong with him .
the first thing jo saw when she opened her eyes was the glow of the digital alarm clock in the dark room .
the only thing i had in my pocket when we left so precipitously was my wallet .
` ` you 're the most important thing in the world to me , jo .
` ` hope is the only thing i have right now , sam .
if there 's one thing i know about eshe d'aureus , it 's that she 's not a very patient woman and she 's waiting ... probably nak*d by now . ''
that was one thing alex hated about winter .
for one thing , sam was in there , completely oblivious that the man she loved was a ravening vampire who was just making her think she loved him so that he could feed off of her like a parasite .
the only thing that had kept him from attacking one or both of the men was the knowledge that he had the two bags of blood tucked inside his coat .
` ` it 's a funny thing about people .
the thing that really ate at him was that he could n't even remember what jenny had looked like anymore .
it 's the same kind of thing that flows between life mates .
the one thing she 'd noticed while here was that the cold that seemed bearable on a calm night , became completely unbearable if a wind kicked up .
` ` rabid rogues are one thing , skunks are another entirely , '' teddy said dryly .
the only thing missing was the baseball glove ... and the ball , she thought as she saw the flaming bottle land in his open palm .
` ` it was the last thing i saw in the porch before it became an inferno .
his head was turned to the side , and the first thing he saw was drina in the next chair , her eyes open and narrowed in concentration on something beyond him .
the only thing stopping her was the worry that she might give the poor guy a heart attack or something .
that was n't the only thing making her uncomfortable , however .
the last thing newlyweds needed to hear was about her divorce .
` ` honey , if adam dropped his drawers in front of you i ' m sure the last thing you 'd be thinking about is diapers . ''
in fact , the only thing now holding her back was the realization that if she agreed , she would probably have to be around the band at least occasionally , which meant being around christian , and with her ridiculous attraction to him , that did n't seem like a good- '' and i know christian would be grateful , '' gia said suddenly and carolyn stilled , and then raised wide eyes to the blonde .
no doubt with her mother , genie , and bethany gone after graduation , she 'd clung to brent as her only friend , and probably the closest thing to family she had .
did you think the only thing i could read was music ? ''
` ` it goes all the way up , '' he growled , his voice not the only thing affected by her touch .
` ` you have that mysterious silent man thing going for you and all that masculine virility .
the only thing that was going through her head was one refrain .
but every time he 'd woken to find her warm soft body beside his in bed , his hunger for her had roared back to life and talking had been the last thing on his mind .
` ` sweetheart , you ' ve fallen for the guy and the only thing holding you back is his age .
the first thing she saw was an iv stand to her left with a half - empty bag of clear liquid in it .
they were the only thing on the man that looked soft though .
each of them had experienced the very same thing on their ` ` night out , '' so he had no doubt she had too .
her entire body was screaming with need , every nerve ending sensitized , and her mind clamoring , all for one thing ... anders .
the lack of sleep is the thing most new mothers and fathers complain about , '' valerie commented and then glanced down to roxy when she nudged her hand with a wet nose .
that was usually the only thing that made the dog react like that .
his hold on her hand was the only thing keeping her from toppling over .
it was n't that she did n't still have a lot of questions , but after all the lies rodolfo had told her , the one most important thing to her now was honesty and jake was apparently an honest man .
honesty was the most important thing to her .
` ` well , cool then , '' joey said , shaking his hand firmly and then added , ` ` no offense , but nicki 's had a rough time of it and the last thing she needs is to be hooking up with someone right now . ''
` ` you know , the whole too many face - lifts thing where they look like they 're staring into a high - powered fan . ''
it was the oddest thing , her upset and even her recollections were becoming a bit fuzzy .
after yesterday , eating was the last thing he was interested in , but he had to cook dinner .
the only thing she knew was that what he was doing felt so damned good .
the only thing that changed when i found out about immortals , and that you were all members of that select group , was me .
the way she explained it , that was the best thing in the world .
it was the thing that had bothered him most over the last few decades .
the only thing stopping him was his worry for his aunt and the knowledge that if he did march back in , he was n't likely to stop marching until he reached inez .
the first thing he became aware of was pain .
it became an almost living thing in her body , as if a million bees were buzzing through her veins ... and then inez felt a strange shifting in her upper teeth and something pricked her tongue , making her mouth open with surprise .
the last thing she recalled was falling and bits and pieces of nightmares .
one thing she knew for certain was that she had to find wilhelm , and find him fast .
claire had known even then that compassion and sympathy were hardly the same thing as love .
here was one thing that was different about him now : the bond he 'd stolen from her with his uninvited bite .
dragos wondered if roth knew that his honesty right now was the only thing keeping him alive .
but danika 's living arrangements were n't the only unusual thing about her .
she and reichen both , apparently the only thing keeping him from hunting the pair down was the fact that his hands were full with the current mission for dragos in the city .
summoning his power was getting easier all the time ; coming out of its wake was another thing .
would he be willing to accept the only thing she had left to offer him ?
it had been pecking at him like a raven on carrion for the better part of the morning , the only thing that had kept him away from claire when she and the other two breedmates had been leaving to begin their daytime intel - gathering trip for the order .
if not , then this stretch of thicket - choked forest might be the last thing any of them saw .
` ` the marvelous thing about being a creature of the night , '' she confided in a low voice , ` ` is that one need never wear anything but evening clothes . ''
the most remarkable thing about him were his eyes .
there is one small thing besides prettiness to recommend it .
one thing saint cloud and magnus had in common was a rich appreciation for mundane fashion , furniture , and art .
it was against the rules of her kind , for one thing .
for one thing , she 'd never learned his last name .
that was one thing she liked a lot about him : he was kind about it , but he told her the truth , no matter how difficult it was to hear it .
for one thing , nobody here is worthy of being ogled , and if they are , they 're way too sweaty .
for one thing , she could n't lie about it -- ithad been myrnin who 'd shown up in her room in the middle of the night .
because for one thing , shane hates the hell right out of vampires .
` ` the last thing you need is a weapon . ''
she had a lovely voice , low and sweet , and it sounded like she was the only thing in the room when she spoke .
some female vampires have a thing called glamour , and she 's got it more than most .
amelie 's got a thing vampires call compulsion ; she can force people to do what she wants when she has to .
` ` does anybody else have this compulsion thing ? ''
` ` one thing he 's very good at is hiding when he feels threatened .
the last thing claire wanted was for eve to get sucked back into the black hole of kim .
claire fought the urge to hurt her , but mainly because there was n't any room to get in a good punch.maybe , she thought , shane is rubbing off on me with this prone - to - violence thing .
the steel bars of a giant cage , for one thing .
the only thing i do know is that miles would never make a stupid mistake like not buckling his harness .
i do n't know where this is or what i ' m doing here , but the last thing i remember is a girl named sylviaknocking me out .
in his eyes , she wasthe only vibrant , living thing in a cold world of black and white .
but if there was one thing prince delos had , it was resolution .
so i gave myself to the now , to the only thing i had .
done slow and gentle , it was the most erotic thing i 'd ever felt .
the earl pitched forward suddenly , his grip on his beta the only thing that managed to keep him upright .
the only thing odd about the animal , apart from the creature 's murderous tendencies toward tassels , was the metal col ar about her neck .
for one thing , they were n't supernatural .
feeling more the thing , she made several forthright decisions that resulted in her requesting pen and paper from the hostess .
but for alexia , the most welcoming thing about the place was the myriad of gadgets and mechanical knickknacks strewn about .
the thing about lord akeldama was - and in lyal 's experience , there was always a thing - that where he himself was not a fixture , his drones were .
the thing that was bothering lyal at the moment was that they were n't .
` ` yes , well , the last thing i need is the additional responsibility of a pack . ''
the silence that followed was almost a living thing , urging me to turn , to glance over my shoulder .
i wanted them to learn , to better themselves , because that was just one more thing the vampires had taken from us .
that was the scariest thing of all .
but , one thing about being a vampire , i discovered , was that you could go perfectly still and remain that way for as long as you needed .
i was the only thing that kept him alive , all those years of picking up his slack , all those years of going hungry so he would n't starve ! ''
and sometimes , hope is the only thing that gets us through the day . ''
` ` sleeping is one thing . ''
this was the one thing kanin had ne - glected to teach me .
it was difficult to tell ; my body had been broken , healed and systematically broken again ; the only thing i was aware of now was the hunger .
the hunger had completely infused my memories so the only thing i ever craved was blood .
the kid hesitated , and he added in a perfectly civil tone , ` ` you realize your potential to be useful is the only thing keeping you alive right now , yes ? ''
the only thing that was familiar was the machete , still strapped across his back beneath the vest and crossbow , and the small silver cross around his neck .
zeke should fear you - it 's the only thing that will keep him safe , remember ?
and this thing we shared , these feelings swirling inside whenever he was close , they belonged to my other half .
not when you tried to take away the only good thing i 'll ever know .
but zoe was right about one thing : we had n't spent much time together .
the only thing even remotely as incredible as bringing someone back from the dead with spirit was restoring them from being a strigoi .
the thing was , no one else seemed to care either .
adrian had been right about one thing when defending his use of spirit : he 'd done what no one else could .
the only thing i could think about was adrian and that dark confession .
the nice thing about being forced onto this schedule was that i was so legitimately tired that my body was n't going to let my mind keep me awake with questions .
one thing i 'd learned was that depleted magic users needed calories .
there 'd be none left to rule , for one thing ! '
' hello ... ' the thing about a witch in darkness is that all you see is her face , bobbing towards you , surrounded by black .
the worst thing about that , for claire , was that there seemed to be nothing she could do to stop it .
the last thing she let go of was shane 's hand .
the only thing that stopped her was imagining what shane would have said , if he 'd been standing in her place .
one thing about morganville - the town really did invest in education .
` ` because i ' m not the one doing the crying , for one thing . ''
the only thing that gave it away was the lack of a coating of dust .
one thing about hannah : when she said something like that , she clearly meant it .
for one thing , he never looked at her like some annoying kid ; he just looked at her as a person .
he 'd remembered how to dress himself , for one thing ; gone were the costume coats and mardi gras beads and flip - flops .
lady maccon could not countenance the idea ; for one thing , she did not believe major channing leaned in lord akeldama 's direction , although there were rumors about military men .
` ` alexia , are you feeling quite the thing ? ''
` ` well , '' said alexia , ` ` i take it you are feeling more the thing ? ''
it was the thing vampires valued most .
` ` a remarkable thing , a full alpha female .
the funny thing was , it still felt soft , just like ordinary hair !
the worst thing was knowing what was going on around me .
his name was the oddest thing about him .
there was not one thing about the situation that seemed appropriate .
tracey said hot ben was subbing again , and the last thing i needed to see was them all dewy - eyed at each other .
wanting a nibble was one thing , wanting to bathe in my blood as he destroyed my jugular , was quite another .
` ` time is the one thing we do n't have a lot of , teren . ''
here was the only male he could really boast with , without changing one single thing about the story .
it 's basic and primal and the most urgent thing your body has ever felt .
i wanted to , but instinct was a powerful thing to fight against .
in a hoarse voice , he finished his death bed wish , ` ` i need your face to be the last thing my human eyes see . ''
i should have cared about the pain that change was going to bring him , although with the pains he 'd suffered recently , i was beginning to believe that the dying part might actually be the most relaxing thing he 'd felt in a while .
i was positive that the only thing keeping him going right now was the thought of me escaping .
that was one thing he definitely could n't do around humans .
yes , one thing this family had in spades , was love for each other .
teren cocked his head , looking flustered and embarrassed , not to mention scared that he 'd just lost the closest thing to a friend that he had .
as they did , my vision cleared and teren was the first thing i saw .
teren was the only thing i saw .
he stood tall and straight , the sharp tux , with a button collar instead of a tie , and a silver vest peaking out underneath the jacket , emphasizing every enticing thing about him .
added to his dull brown hair and dull dark eyes , this guy 's accent was the most interesting thing about him .
my senses could distinguish every delightful thing about it , the headiness , the tangy sweetness , but nothing in it smelled as awful as what i suspected it was .
anger was the only thing keeping me sane and i tried to hold onto it .
yeah , the shoe on the other foot thing ?
` ` the weird thing in my blood just may be what saves your children .
but teren had a thing for the memory , and repeated it often .
one thing i 'd discovered early on was how beneficial my new skills were at my job .
` ` oh , it 's just the oddest thing . ''
as my vision faded to pinpoints and every muscle in my body relaxed , my hearing was the last thing i retained .
as my consciousness slipped from me , the last thing i heard him say was , ` ` i 'll see you on the other side , emma .
yeah , if there was one thing our relationship seemed to have in abundance , besides a great deal of love , it was bad things happening .
` ` we ' ve been through a lot together , and one thing i ' ve learned through all of it ... is we work better together .
if there was one thing that always happened whenever we visited his parents , it was teren turning into a cowboy .
this meant one thing : the sun had set and the sleeping vampires in the next room were about to rise .
` ` aw , miss , reading 's one thing , but i ca n't be a gentleman , and that seems part and parcel of that secretive work of yours . ''
the nymph had been clothed in skirts and a lace hat , to make her more the thing .
sophronia patted her friend on the head in the manner of soap , a thing she knew the girl found particularly annoying .
the thing about vieve was the scamp turned up when she pleased , and no one was entirely certain where she spent the bulk of her time .
the only thing that kept me going through the day was knowing that atop benson hill was the most handsome guy i 'd ever seen , my very own vampire - mate , sleeping in a coffin in the dusty attic of a creepy old mansion .
we 'd shared blood once , and if there was one thing i was certain about , it was the fact that it would have had more consequences than he 'd actually mentioned .
his green eyes sparkled in the early morning light , doing all sorts of things to my hormones .
and if there was one thing i 'd learned after nearly eight years of being a liaison and his personal assistant , it was that it was better to use humor to diffuse the situation than to fire back .
it had a very human aroma to it - and the one thing gautier had never been was human .
it was the one thing rhoan and i did n't share .
` ` boss , i think the only thing he cared about was me being a hot - to - trot female . ''
and i could n't help feeling sorry for her - though i ' m sure my sympathy would be the last thing she 'd want .
in fact , the hardest thing about the whole exercise was trying to remain far enough behind that he did n't notice me without me losing him .
` ` the only thing interesting about it is the fact i doubt it 's coincidental . ''
the only thing that was different was the atmosphere .
which was a very handy thing to know - not that it would matter anymore when it came to quinn .
but the one thing i ' ve never liked is partners who tried to use force to make me do what they wanted .
the only thing that was missing was the actual bruises .
` ` rough is one thing .
` ` the only thing i do n't like about what i am now is how much time i have to waste hunting dickheads like you . ''
blood was the only thing he could ingest , but he 'd learned to tolerate a drop or two of red wine .
the most important thing in life , she was discovering quickly , was to trust angel absolutely .
` ` it 's a frightening thing , that power .
that was the other thing she knew , and knew with a bedrock certainty that nothing could touch .
the body of the person she 'd loved and trusted ... whose voice had been the last thing she 'd heard at night and the first thing each morning .
the last thing she heard before she passed out was his heartbeat .
his hiss , a deadly promise of retaliation , was the last thing she heard before he melted away .
` ` that 's because carpathian males have such a territorial mentality - you know , a beat - their - chest , swing - from - the - trees sort of thing . ''
she concentrated on breathing , the only thing that would keep her sane .
and to a male carpathian on the verge of turning vampire , hope was the only thing left .
the last thing shea would need when she finished the grueling operation was to see any grisly evidence of their kills .
shea had taken a long time to assimilate all the information , but the one consistent thing was the way jacques was with her .
the last thing you needed to do was worry about me . ''
she had reminded him that there was such a thing as laughter , that there was more to life than existence .
she did n't want any demands on her , and the last thing she needed was to be in a crowded dining room surrounded by a lot of people .
it was the last thing he wanted when he lay wounded , forced to go to ground at the first opportunity .
the last thing he wanted to do was make destiny uncomfortable .
without emotions , power - the power to hunt and kill - seemed the only thing left to them .
the last thing she felt as she shut down her body was a male hand brushing her face in a slow , heart - melting caress .
the last thing she heard before her heart ceased to beat was his voice .
maybe that was the closest thing to a feeling he would have before his death .
` ` the only thing .
the thing she found the most interesting was that the oldest boy in the memory was already a man in human years .
honor had sustained him these long centuries , not addiction , and it was the only thing he had to offer her .
the most important thing with shifting- '' he held out his hand to her and began to walk with her through the cavern into the labyrinth of tunnels .
he had lived long , battled hard , seen beautiful places and none of it , not one thing , compared to the treasure he had been given .
her heart did a funny little fluttery thing she found annoying .
` ` there is such a thing as overconfidence . ''
the last thing she saw was the shock and horror in his expression .
the only thing keeping him standing was the fist burrowing around his heart .
she was his world now , the only thing that mattered to him .
i know that this thing you call lifemate is essential to keep you from turning vampire . ''
she gave him the only thing she had to give .
she was his lifemate , and more than any other thing , her health , happiness and protection mattered to him .
the last thing falcon expected was for the woman to attack .
` ` we have this strange thing between us .
the funny thing about it is that there is no real expression on your face and i ca n't read your body language , either .
falcon 's presence in her mind was the only thing that kept her from sliding back into the welcoming black void .
` ` the one wonderful thing about our people is that they are very willing to share what they have .
accepting his sister 's new lifemate traveling with them was one thing ; liking it was quite another .
` ` it does n't add up vampires seem to have some sort of thing about their women .
` ` darius has this thing about his little darling . ''
it is the only thing i want .
her long lashes lifted , and the first thing she saw was his face .
tainted blood was the last thing he wanted , yet without an infusion of blood , he would die soon .
` ` i ' m not certain i ' m ready for you to know every single thing i think . ''
she was the most unexpected thing he had experienced in all his centuries of living .
as she was short , the shirt fell well past her knees , and , in any case , modesty was the last thing she was worried about .
his palm cradled the back of her head , and in his mind he built the need , thought it , became need , until he was the only thing she could think of .
it was the last thing she heard , the words she carried with her as the air left her lungs and her heart ceased to beat .
it was the last thing she remembered , the last thing she took with her into her sleep .
it was the last thing she remembered , the last thing she took with her into her sleep .
there was happiness in her voice , the only thing that kept him from crying when a convulsion took hold of her and pain lashed for what seemed an eternity .
the last thing he wanted was to feast on an innocent woman .
the last thing you need is to worry about how a stranger feels about you and what you do or do not owe him . ''
` ` i do not want you ever to feel such a thing , '' he chastised softly .
i ' m the closest thing to family peter had .
she wanted the one thing he knew he would never be able to give her : the freedom to join him in his battles .
she 'll be the only thing i have left of john , but i love you .
his love for her , growing with each moment he spent in her company , was becoming an all - encompassing thing .
there 's such a thing as being too confident . ''
` ` dayan 's blood is the only thing keeping both you and the baby alive .
the one thing he could give her that he knew she loved .
he moved in hard , deep strokes while her body exploded around his and her hands ' grip on the rope was the only thing keeping her in touch with reality .
it was a strange thing to have such complete and utter confidence in herself as a warrior , and yet none at all as a woman .
` ` they were put here for one thing . ''
he had chosen duty to his people , the one thing she understood .
the only thing holding them back from firing was the will of their chefe or jefe , depending on which language they were thinking in .
the only thing she understood was that he was the most amazing man in the world .
when you burn to please me , when it is the only thing that matters to you , then i will know you accept me . ''
she wanted to be the one to send him soaring , and she did n't know the first thing about making love to a man .
the thing is this - humans have lived for centuries side - by - side with other species .
he had just risen , and the one thing she knew about carpathians was they woke hungry , and when they used energy to heal , they needed blood .
the last thing she wanted to do was hurt him .
` ` i can connect with you because of the blood thing , but ca n't really do much else . ''
for one thing , most families never have children within fifty to a hundred years of one another .
and you have lost the one thing that mattered - your keen intelligence .
there was no sound , not even a small one , but he was aware of every tiny thing about her and deep inside where no one else would ever see , she was weeping .
one thing she had always been grateful to the de la cruz family for was the first - class equipment they always supplied .
that was the one thing he could give her .
she loved every single thing about them .
there is no such thing as loving someone too much , zacarias .
they all feel like they ' ve woken up from a bad dream , and the last thing they want is to get sucked in again . ''
` ` she 's hardly strong enough , for one thing , '' meredith said pointedly .
he 's not smart enough to organize a killing spree , for one thing , '' meredith said .
` ` the last thing we need is some girl in this town screaming ' vampire ! '
` ` but you know , meredith , it 's a funny thing about darkness .
` ` but the police will have to believe us now , '' bonnie said , looking at matt , then meredith , finding one thing to be grateful for .
they were the only alive thing about him .
she was trembling so hard she put her hands behind her back so he would n't see when he seemed to notice every little thing about her .
such a small thing humans take for granted .
it was a disturbing thing to see the dead rise up to defend the very creature that had brutally murdered them .
his death was the only thing he had left to give her .
he knew little of lifemates , and the last thing he had ever wanted to do was feel real emotion .
the thing about razvan , she decided as she began to ascend through the inch - wide crack that zigzagged the way up through hundreds of feet of rock , was that there was an inner peace that radiated outward from him .
it is the one thing i have kept intact all these long years .
the thing that stood out was his absolute lack of ego , which made for an extremely weightless touch , nearly impossible to detect .
again her stomach did that fluttery thing she was coming to associate as a very feminine response to him .
she could see his long lashes , thick and full , the only really feminine thing about him , when his body was all hard muscle and strong , broad bones .
he had driven her out of her mind so that need was the only thing she knew , and she melted into him , nearly blind with hunger for his touch .
keeping her safe had been the only thing he had clung to , the reason he had survived .
the last thing she wanted to do was destroy their friendship by making a fool of herself .
` ` that is the one thing that makes that man endearing .
the last thing she wanted was to be with byron in such close quarters .
it was an instantaneous flood of strength and power - the very thing that made it so addictive .
the radio silence was the thing that bugged lucan the most .
the last thing he remembered was fighting off that hunger , a battle he 'd only narrowly won .
it was all she knew in that moment , the only thing that mattered .
if there was one thing he preferred to avoid more than disappointing those who depended on him , it was dealing with such a raw display of feminine emotion .
` ` inhuman strength , for one thing , '' renata said .
right now , tavia seems like the only thing holding him together , and even that 's precarious . ''
it 's the one thing i ca n't get past .
the last thing i want is to be trapped in this room , teaching other people something that comes naturally to me .
because the last thing i want to be is the thing i ' ve spent my life resenting .
the only thing that 's keeping him from nose - diving to the ground - to the vampires - is his leg , which is wedged awkwardly between a fracture in the rock .
it 's the most aggravating thing , not knowing what he 's feeling .
it 's the last thing i see when i sink the minte into my arm .
it 's the most powerful thing and i 'll never be able to forget it .
* * * tristan 's confused face is the last thing i see before i storm up to the podium with my knife out .
` ` okay , that 's one thing they do n't have in common .
that 's one thing no one can take away . ''
` ` the thing with monarch is he never foresees everything that can go wrong .
` ` the only thing i feel for you is hatred .
` ` you know it was the one thing that i could never take away from you .
the first thing she saw was mark , and she felt a rush of relief .
` ` and the thing is that he looks very intelligent andsensitive - it 's not empty good looks .
you and mark , for one thing .
` ` pretty much the only thing left intact is the spinal column . ''
when she tells you to jump , the only thing she wants to hear you ask is how high . ''
` ` not a damn thing , and that 's my point .
she was nak*d from the waist up , and the first thing that caught sean 's attention was the tattoo on her back .
when the last thing she wanted was to be alone .
that was the thing about sean .
the first thing she 'd noticed upon returning was that nothing much had changed since she 'd been shipped off to boarding school .
` ` your obvious preference for the company of the dead to that of the living , for one thing . ''
* * * the first thing sean noticed when he pulled up to the house in adamant was the open garage door .
what if being part fairy was the only thing he had in common with the self - centered claude ?
this is just a thing about you they do n't need to know .
for one thing , there was no reason for it to be clear that i could see .
and that was the only thing remotely sweet about him .
that was one good thing about my brother ; he 'd always been kind to animals .
and that was the thing , was n't it ?
it was n't the individual deaths i found so appalling but the level of violence , the sheer horror of seeing so much dealt out and received ... ... just as i found jannalynn 's execution of sandra the most disturbing thing about today 's encounter .
` ` like you said , i ' m already dead , so the only thing keeping me from ripping your eyelids off right now is simple curiosity .
the last thing i wanted was an angry vamp sleeping across the hall .
one thing you could count on with francis was that he was curious and stupid , a dangerous combination in our profession .
when it came down to it , courage was the only thing separating a witch from a warlock .
the last thing i wanted was to be late .
the leftovers from sara jane 's lunches were the only thing i 'd eat , and i was half starved .
the only thing worse than mercy or pity was failure , and as hunter took hold of his opponent 's broken arm and drove the big male down to the ground with his knee planted in the middle of the assassin 's spine , he saw the acknowledgment of imminent failure flicker like a dark flame in the gen one 's cold eyes .
the only thing corinne needed was her family .
that rationale , and the fury that followed on its heels , was the only thing that had given dante the strength to leave tess 's side and go out on patrol with kade that night .
he had trashed his own sense of honor , the one thing he 'd clung to so steadfastly through all his years of life .
but he clung fast to his fury - the only thing he had left in this , his final moment .
probably more than twenty - four hours by now , since the last thing she 'd eaten was at the compound in boston before they 'd left for detroit .
it was the damnedest thing , seeing a breed skin - marking on the flesh of a human - a female human , besides .
probably the dead last thing tess needed was to watch him become white as a sheet at her bedside , his knees turning into jelly beneath him .
no doubt dragos had noticed the same thing about him , though chase shuddered to think what it might mean if the order 's chief adversary started turning his sights on human government figures .
it was the only thing she could cling to , perhaps foolishly , as he turned off the truck 's ignition and they sat in the darkened vehicle , watching the dimly lit cabin through the five acres of woods that surrounded it .
` ` because you 're a girl , for one thing . ''
` ` one thing i was n't thinking about was stopping to make a phone call , '' chase argued .
` ` man , if there 's one thing carrow hates , it 's being punished for a crime she did n't commit . ''
just when she was about to deem one more thing semi - handsome about him , he shoved the head at her and it rolled to her feet .
if there was one thing carrow excelled at , it was creating chaos .
he was doing that ` ` listening '' thing , likely understanding her better than men who spoke her language .
so many things about this night had reminded malkom of his past - the water , the scent of the soap , her palm closing over him from behind .
it all would depend on one thing .
` ` the last thing the master saw in his life was my face .
the last thing she probably needed was a sugar rush .
still , i endured my punishment without complaining because ? for one thing ? i knew i 'd earned it , and ? for another ? because i could n't bear to hurt my dad by moving out now , when a much more permanent separation hovered , invisible to charlie , so close on my horizon .
for one thing , he did n't look up for any difficult conversations .
it was childish , but i liked the idea that his lips would be the last good thing i would feel .
the thing that struck her most was the quiet of the place .
he briefly closed his eyes , expelling the past and reaching for the only thing he had left .
` ` for one thing , it breaches the ban on potentially catastrophic armaments .
okay , the women had seemingly disappeared , but the only thing all four had in common was the fact that they 'd spent time on this island .
the only thing unusual about them was the fact they were overdue .
hell , the last thing i wanted to be doing tonight was wandering about a cemetery helping to restrain a spirit .
` ` good thing about security - keyed doors is the fact that a loss of electricity fucks them up . ''
and i had a bad feeling time was the one thing i did n't have much of .
which normally would have pissed me off , simply because i should n't have been able to feel such a thing .
he yelped but did n't move , and the scent of his fear was a wonderful thing .
she 'd only had this jacket a couple of weeks , and the last thing it needed was ventilation .
human or not , the last thing anyone needs out there is to be bleeding from a fresh wound .
the last thing she heard as she closed her eyes was the tick - tock of bumbersnoot 's mechanical tail wagging back and forth .
the thing about a finishing school that trains intelligencers , thought sophronia , is that everyone knows your business , sometimes before you do .
the last thing i need is to be trapped by mechanicals again .
that 's one thing about mademoiselle geraldine 's .
are you feeling quite the thing ? ''
if agatha observed sophronia and sidheag 's occasional midnight jaunts to the boiler room , there was one thing agatha was really very good at , and that was holding her tongue .
they hammered at me , the only thing that was real besides the agony in my head .
there was something really , unpleasantly wrong about pennywell , in ways claire could n't put her finger on ; the vampire looked awkwardly built , female in one light , male in another , but that was n't the thing that made him frightening .
the last thing claire wanted was to be alone out here with him , everyone else inside and cheering and clapping and covering up her all - too - likely screams .
` ` but she is right about one thing : i have to get to rehearsal . ''
for one thing , ada was then a vampire . ''
she did n't see the appeal ; for one thing , he was n't anything like shane , who was almost as big , and probably just as tough .
that 's the good thing about laylen .
the last thing we need is death girl hanging around making our lives harder . ''
that 's the one bad thing about being evil . ''
` ` the only thing we did have in common was our foreseer power , but mine 's gone now so we do n't even have that . ''
` ` the thing with mortals is that they ca n't understand immortal power .
the last thing i hear is helena 's fading voice .
` ` no , but hoping ... being fey is the last thing that i need right now . ''
helena already rules the lost souls , but if she has the ability to rule the fairie realm , too , she 'd have a lot of control and power , which is her favorite thing .
each of them has one thing in common , though - they have wings .
the last thing i hear are giggles and then everything goes black .
` ` it 's one thing i ' ve never understood about you humans .
` ` the only thing you ' ve accomplished by coming here is that you ' ve made it easier for me .
the one thing i know is that i ' m going to try .
` ` you know , '' brendan remarked , ` ` you both do this thing where you scrunch your nose up when you 're nervous . ''
there was some- thing about them that was n't quite right , but it took her a second to sink her fangs into what it was : none of them was laughing .
for one thing , her cameraman was n't with her .
the only thing holding her back , in those two long seconds , was the fact that if she tried , they 'd all end up dead .
for one thing , there were bright windows that offered a clear view of a clean , big room .
one thing about the donation center , they were better than most medical places about keeping their magazines up - to - date .
as she glanced around the coffee shop , she saw the same thing in the others ' faces - common rapture .
the only good thing about her third hour was that she was confident it would be over in under an hour .
there was one comforting thing about the theory of complete apocalypse : at least it meant she would n't have to fail any classes .
remembering and honoring your heritage was one thing .
about the only thing going for me was that my rudimentary ley line skills had n't made it to walter 's report .
and there was the blood thing too .
even so , the last thing i needed was to pay for broken merchandise .
the only thing keeping a lid on this is that most of them are my patrons and they know if they act up , i 'll ban them . ''
instinct kept my hands before my face , and the bandages on my palms were the only thing that saved my skin .
i shrank back to invoke a circle - paltry though it would be , undrawn and unscribed - but newt stepped into the living room , the hem of its robe the last thing i saw slipping around the doorframe .
` ` the last thing she needs is to be working for kalamack . ''
the only thing better was being in an elevator descending to certain death .
the one good thing about swimming was we did not have to wear uncle drac 's hats , because , as i pointed out to aunt tabby , they would only get wet and then they would fall off and sink .
the thing is that sir horace is not the kind of ghost you can see , not like his page , edmund , who is a weird sickly - green color and shimmers in an irritating way .
the first thing he saw was the chest .
` ` the good thing about being over a few hundred years old is a certain amount of immunity to the sun .
` ` one thing i love about werewolves - they 're always forthright when it comes to sex . ''
if there was one thing i admired about talon more than his physique , it was his ability to keep his promises but as good as it was between us , he did n't make me scream his name to the moon .
i ' ve known lots of wolves over my lifetime , and if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , it 's that you all have one serious flaw .
the sounds of his greedy sucking filled the air , the last thing i 'd ever hear if i did n't do something soon i took a deep breath and gathered the last of my fast - fading reserves .
the last thing i needed was to be picked up by the cops .
` ` right now , the car is the last thing on my mind . ''
right then , arguing was the last thing on my mind .
obviously , gryphon and human was n't the only thing in the mix .
the only thing that differed was the long control panel and desk to my left my gaze finally met talon 's .
mostly because i needed to be strong at that moment , and if i knew for sure she was dead , strong was the one thing i would n't be .
she was n't afraid of monica anymore -- well , not normally -- and the last thing she wanted to do was let monica spoil the one thing she 'd been looking forward to during the entire walk over : a decent seat in which to enjoy her drink .
the last thing she wanted to think about was bishop getting away and coming after all of them for revenge .
` ` not a damn thing , '' he said , and used both hands to hold her hair back from her face .
sixteen the only thing that approached the sadness claire felt for shane was the sympathy she felt for myrnin .
they were all bruised , cut , and exhausted , for one thing ; for another , nobody really wanted to say what they were all thinking .
wanda staggered under the weight because the one thing that pusskins definitely is not is ickle - wickle .
for one thing , he eats shane 's chili , which , god knows , has enough garlic to explode a dozen high - quality dracs .
claire must have looked blank , because eve did the eye - roll thing again .
for one thing , it was huge .
michael was one thing - michael was like a big brother .
he 's got balls of platinum , for one thing , '' eve said .
the only good thing about the canister on her back was that at least it looked like something a college student might carry around , with soup or coffee or something in it .
running 's out - for one thing , we ca n't throw claire 's parents to the vampire wolves ... right ? ''
oliver was right about one thing : it 's nothing to us but death . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as luck , '' jenks snapped , the breeze from his wings brushing my cheek as he hovered at eye level .
but the only thing more embarrassing than buying a complexion spell is buying one with a hickey on your neck .
the one thing he could n't give her .
only one thing about his appearance captured her interest .
this is the last thing i need right now .
for one thing , his favored weapon , a silver - edged glaive that masqueraded as a piece of gold plumbing , was still in its customary place above the mantelpiece .
it was in thinking about genevieve 's love life ( a thing , alexia must admit , she tried desperately not to do , as it was so preposterously captivating ) that alexia put everything together .
the last thing felicity needed to know was that her older sister was anything more than a bother .
the last thing we need is them on the loose . ''
for one thing , i did n't get to fly around on a broomstick .
for one thing , it did n't really look much like a wolf .
witches , shapeshifters , and fae were one thing .
the girl to her right was a blonde , and even though she had that whole california girl thing going -- stick - straight hair , tan skin , deep blue eyes -- her eyes were too close together , and when she smiled at me , i noticed she had a pretty bad overbite .
for one thing , the classes were ridiculously simple .
for one thing , the floor was just hard - packed dirt , which ... ew .
the only thing that made it difficult was that none of the items were labeled , so it was sometimes hard to figure out what they were .
we 're obviously taking this very seriously , and the last thing we need is panic . ''
for one thing , he was super buff , and his hair was dark blond , making him look exactly like your average high school quarterback .
the last thing she needed was me pestering her about my crush .
` ` it was the weirdest thing .
so the only thing i had going for me were the few paragraphs i could remember from the demon books i 'd read , and pure , clean rage .
the last thing i saw before i fainted was my father walking toward me as i crashed back to the pier .
i dared a quick look in his direction , but cal , as usual , was doing his whole stoic man thing .
` ` for one thing , i like your dad .
there was n't even the sensation of flying , another thing i 'd kind of expected from magical travel .
for one thing , the interior of shel ey 's was huge , much bigger than it had appeared from the outside .
the joking in the face of death thing kind of gave it away .
okay , the grin was one thing , but that had definitely been flirting .
you 're the only real thing .
it was relatively smal , for one thing , and dim .
and if there was one thing i knew how to deal with , it was mean girls .
as promised , there was barbed wire and bunkers , but the main thing i took away from the place was how still and barren it was .
and looking at everyone 's faces , i think they were all feeling the same thing .
it 's a new thing i learned from byron . ''
that was the only thing that was the same .
the first thing that hit me was the heat .
of course , the cold was n't the only thing making me shiver .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned about you , sophie brannick , it 's that you are one tough little thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing about demons .
looks are the least important thing in my world .
one other thing about the eyes .
the thing was , vampire hunters have to keep weird hours .
there was one other unusual thing about it .
the interesting thing was that it was so easy to get out .
its sleek white nose was only thirty feet away , and it was braking , but nowhere near fast enough , and this was it , the actual moment of her death , the last thoughts she would ever think , and the last thing she would ever see was white , white , white- blue .
the last thing we need is the police . ''
the only thing alive about him was his eyes , which were staring at jez with shock and burning disbelief .
that was the only thing she knew clearly about it .
luna had everything i wanted - except alexander - and though he was the one thing that mattered most to me , she still wound up getting under my temporary - tattooed , bone - white skin .
the one thing i know is that ever since i can remember , i ' ve wanted to be a vampire .
this whole mate thing was unnerving .
if there was one thing chloe believed , it was that there were exceptions to every rule .
his grin was about the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen .
` ` you 're the only thing in my life that makes sense right now . ''
for will - a lykae male from a warrior clan and a line of sentinels - the only thing worse than being ... molested by ruelle for four years would be to admit it to his mate .
his blood pressure was the only thing on the rise .
the feel of him holding her , his strength surrounding her , was a heady thing , but the thought of lying back and allowing him to do all the work ... no !
gray 's arm tightened around her , and they ceased moving forward , his leg movements the only thing keeping them above water .
she flicked him a glance and grinned , grabbing on to the thread of conversation as if it were the most precious thing in the world .
the moment she 'd spoken , she had known his reply , but hope was a strange , foolish thing , and she 'd been unable to hold the words back .
he needed to slow things down , bring it to a controllable level while he pleasured her so thoroughly that loving him was the only thing she knew .
the only thing he knew .
for one thing , he usually looked strung out and dirty and violent , and now he looked almost sober , and he was definitely on speaking terms with showers .
the last thing bouncy , happy eve needed was a sugar rush , but ice cream did sound good ... . claire looked around for a waitress and found one leaning against the cracked counter , whispering to the man on the other side .
his muscles were tight , his hands bunched into fists , and the only thing holding him back from punching morley was the certain knowledge that it would be claire and eve who 'd get hurt .
the thing that was worrying her now was that while she certainly would n't put it past morley and his crew to be snacking on random people , this had n't just happened .
` ` the last thing we need is to be attacked by big bad hairy things because we were too busy having sex to notice they were near . ''
god , the last thing i needed was another scar to worry about .
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned over the years '' - his breath stirred warmth past my ear - ` ` it 's that nature often has its own way of sorting out right from wrong . ''
one good thing about a vampire bite - the evidence of it did n't hang around all that long .
though the more worrying thing was the fact that only part of me felt guilty about it .
` ` another thing you forgot to mention when the blood sharing happened . ''
but perhaps the thing that revolted me most was not the stranger 's death , but the ease with which i 'd pulled the trigger .
but then , given what he was , how he was raised , maybe possession was the only thing he knew and understood .
` ` i just need one thing in return . ''
the very last thing he wanted or needed .
i think we can all agree that the last thing the breed needs is more vampires turning rogue . ''
but he held on , the only thing he could do whenever the vision struck him , and he prayed it would be over soon .
and the fact that she fed from him now out of pure survival instinct , because his blood was the very thing -- the only thing -- her body needed in this moment , just made the act all the more erotic to him .
and the fact that she fed from him now out of pure survival instinct , because his blood was the very thing -- the only thing -- her body needed in this moment , just made the act all the more erotic to him .
heart - rending cries of deep anguish , the breedmate 's keening sorrow was raw , palpable , the only thing audible in the stillness of the long corridor .
` ` the only thing different , gabrielle , is that you see me now with your eyes open . ''
` ` i base it on hope , for one thing .
` ` right now , the only thing that matters is keeping rio alive . ''
when they arrived , the first thing claire saw was the broken glass .
the only good thing about her driving , as they pulled away from the mob and the falling bricks , was that it was approximately straight , and pretty fast .
the rest , claire barely knew at all , but they had one thing in common -- they were all scared .
one thing she noticed , more and more , as she went around campus : fewer people had on bracelets .
one thing held me back .
whether ` ` ordinary '' people felt pity or disgust for them , whether they handed over change when they saw someone begging or walked straight by , one thing united most humans - they knew homeless people existed , but very few took any real notice of them .
internal argument is the last thing we need .
and if there was one thing mikhail valued , it was a life free from limitations .
frankly , she was the closest thing to a friend he had in dallas since his clade brothers left him there .
when i surveyed sebastians room , the only thing organized was his shiny new desk .
the only thing he was really hiding was his talent .
she had the one thing i did nt haveshe was a vampire .
the last thing i want is yer pity . ''
one good thing about him was the seriousness with which he took his role as john 's ahstrux nohtrum : he was supposed to be around the guy twenty - four / seven , and that was a responsibility he took more seriously even than sex .
it was the one thing he had of his father 's .
backup was the last thing he needed when he was on what amounted to a sales call -- especially when the hello - my - name - is was an unwelcome one .
and that was the last thing he remembered of the trip back home .
as he sat up , the first thing he did was look at the lesions on his chest and stomach .
for one thing , those wicks were spouting red flames .
given the omega 's wardrobe , which was limited to those driven - snow drapery things , he was the prime focal point , the only thing that stood out .
the first thing one noticed was that nothing was out of place .
her fight was long gone , the thing that had defined her most in the world having evaporated .
the strange thing is , though , you can have other people in the same space .
over his shoulder , john looked at the pale face of the male who had been his savior , his mentor ... the closest thing to a father he 'd ever known .
the place was just as it had been when he 'd spent his last night inside except for one thing : the yellow condemned notice that had been nailed to the front door .
the only thing keeping him grounded was the prospect of killing lash .
she met him in the middle , halfway between her point a and his point b , her form encased in the shadow thrown by his body and yet nevertheless the only thing he saw .
the thing was , all mortals were going to lose the ones they loved .
as his head went loose and flopped onto the shelving , she continued the ascent so that her breasts were the next thing that hit him on that electric spot .
you keep acting like this and forgiveness is the last thing i ' m worried about .
she wheeled around so fast , she nearly lost her balance : the only thing that saved her from falling over was the counterbalance of her dagger hand , which was raised up high , over her shoulder , ready for use .
she was n't sure she 'd win in such a conflict , for one thing .
last thing he wanted was to get aroused in front of an audience .
when lash woke up at his hideaway ranch , the first thing he did was look at his arms .
additional support in the field was a smart thing , but too many weapons in this sitch were not a value- add : he was going to take lash out , and the last thing he needed was more trigger - happy fingers pointed at his target .
after all , the episode with doc jane and john 's procedure had helped her phobia , but she had quite enough to deal with at the moment and the last thing she needed was to walk into another operation -- and god only knew what they were doing to that poor female who 'd been rolled in after her .
for some odd reason , the way he held her head was the only thing darius could see : that big , strong hand of tohrment 's was cradling the departed as surely as if she lived , holding her as if comforting her to his chest .
the only thing that animated him was the chase , the capture , and the kill .
verily , he was so big he filled the double - size jambs , but that was not the astonishing thing .
there was only one thing in the vast room that made any impression on him .
indeed , she would have lost her social station if it had been a vampire who had abducted her and cheated her family of the most valuable thing about her : her virginity .
the last thing she had heard before the light had claimed her was him screaming - the screech of his chair getting shoved back made her jump , and everyone at the table went silent , all eating halting , all movement ceasing , all conversation cutting off as he prowled out of the room .
the only thing that saved his having walked in on her from being a complete mess was the fact that there had been nothing sexual on his side .
as he awkwardly maneuvered his injured foot around , she realized they had yet another thing in common .
you 're too flat chested , for one thing - i ' m a boob man .
his hoarse cry had been the last thing she 'd heard .
` ` not one goddamn thing . ''
the fabric , for one thing .
the blood was such a powerful thing , she thought .
` ` tohrment ... '' her voice was ragged , her brain clogged , her body the only thing that was clear on anything .
the inconsistent temperature was one thing that she had yet to get used to on this side - and the only thing about the sanctuary that she missed .
the inconsistent temperature was one thing that she had yet to get used to on this side - and the only thing about the sanctuary that she missed .
that prospect was the only thing keeping him in his own skin .
it made her resent blay at times , even though it was not her place to judge : if there was one thing she had learned , it was that the hearts of others were known only to themselves - and blay was , at his core , a male of worth - the door opened behind her , and over her shoulder the male in her thoughts appeared as if summoned by her ruminations .
it was the strangest thing ... sax may have been related by blood to qhuinn , but at the moment , he looked a lot like blay had for years .
as tohr glanced at john , he was struck by how much he wanted to bestow the honor on the closest thing to a son he had .
how would he be able to reach out to her , for one thing .
but in some battles , you had to make your own weapons , even if you ran the risk of them blowing up in your face : there was grave danger in this , but if there was one thing you could count on with the brotherhood , it was an old - fashioned protection of their females .
the only thing worse than it would be having to acclimate to this kind of hell all over again .
someone was calling out to her , but the panic that claimed her was the only thing she could connect with .
hard to know whether the outburst was because the needing had finally passed , or because she was so tired she had no boundaries left ... or because the last thing she remembered before everything became a blur was the sight of tohr driving those two needles into his thighs and falling to the floor .
the only thing that moved was the cold wind that abruptly seemed to marshal itself in his direction , blowing across the flat gray plain , blowing across him , blowing across her .
the first thing she noted was that the air was as cold inside as out .
but it was such a bait - n - switch - when you were an adult , you came to realize that minutes and hours were the single most precious thing you had .
wrong sex , for one thing .
ten the first thing payne saw when she came awake was a pair of male hands .
those electric moments between them were too much temptation to turn away from , and the last thing she wanted was to have to steal more memories from him .
one thing you could say about butch was that his wardrobe was full of options .
her hand was the first thing he saw , a pale lineup of fingers with nails that were split and had something brown under them .
the clinic and the blood and payne 's hoarse breathing were replaced by a black visual shroud that - candles flared to life , and the first thing she saw properly was vishous 's hard face .
if there was one thing that jane hated about being a doctor , it was the judgment call .
his death grip was the only thing keeping his twin from death .
a growl came out of him and he moved so fast that the only thing that could have stopped him was her saying no .
the first thing she noticed was that the floor was cold on her soles ... and then her weight was transferred and things went haywire : her muscles spasmed under the load and her legs bowed like feathers flexed asunder .
the only thing that was louder was the pop as the hip was relocated , as it were .
and the last thing he saw before he checked out of the conscious inn and suites was jane 's head whipping around in a panic .
` ` if there 's one thing that i ' ve learned as a doctor , '' he said , ` ` it 's that biology prevails .
` ` my clinic , for one thing .
forty - six when jose pulled up to the monroe motel and suites , it was pretty clear that the only thing new around the place was the crime scene tape that had just been wrapped around the far end .
the fact that it was not the bleeding - heart throe was the only thing that stopped him .
the only thing that was even slightly off was the nose - but that was just because it had been broken at least once .
it was disrespectful to saxton , for one thing .
the only thing that surprised him was that it had taken this long for his brother lucan and the warriors who fought alongside him to make their move on the place .
although she did n't say it , tegan could tell that elise 's darkhaven - bred propriety was the only thing keeping her from reminding him how not a few hours before he 'd assured her there was nothing she could do to help the order in this war .
the wet sounds of her drinking so close to his ear was erotic in the extreme , her pleasured moans and wet lapping the sexiest thing he 'd ever heard .
as rio stared with feral , thirsting eyes at the woman who 'd wandered into his hellish domain , fear of losing control with her was the thing that kept him at heel .
but all the while she was thinking about the one thing that had always made her different .
the first thing she saw was a picture of rio .
` ` not a damn thing , '' chase muttered .
` ` your scars are the most ordinary thing about you , if you want to know the truth . ''
a job interview was the last thing she needed to worry about .
she did n't want to think she needed rio 's protection , but the presence of his broad palm coming to rest at the small of her back as they entered the meeting room full of eight grim - faced , combat - garbed vampire warriors was the only thing that kept her knees from quaking beneath her .
she 's the only thing that 's held me together in a very long time .
i think my hatred for eva was the only thing that kept me alive .
for a long time , it was the only thing i could feel . ''
as she came down the steps -- the only thing in the shack itself were the steps leading down -- into his main chamber , he flashed across the room in a blur and stopped just an inch away from her , close enough that she flinched back into sam 's broad chest and he steadied her .
` ` the scary thing ?
one thing she 'd figured out about the vampires in morganville , they were never exactly what they seemed to be , even the bad ones .
for one thing , the black leather skirt was ... short .
one thing claire had learned about riding with eddie -- you did n't need numbers , only names .
someone who had seen her ... ` ` it 's a funny thing , '' said the voice , ` ` but they notice what 's missing more than they notice what 's there .
` ` that 's a very binding diet , corp . '' ` ` yeah , well , once battle commences i reckon you 'll find constipation 's the last thing on your mind , '' said scallot .
that was another thing you learned in the milit'ry : look busy .
that 's the thing about the school .
` ` but , y'know , a good officer keeps an eye on his men and i have to say that i ' ve noticed in you , in all of you , little ... habits , perfectly normal , nothing to worry about , like the occasional deep exploration of a nostril maybe , and a tendency to grin after passing wind , a natural boyish inclination to , ahem , scratch your ... selves in public ... that sort of thing .
` ` because i know one thing , '' said polly , waving at the piles of damp linen , ` ` and it 's that this lot will need the breeze ... '' she went back to work , occasionally joining in the chatter for the look of the thing .
and the thing about tilda is , she just watches and thinks and somewhere in there it all comes together .
the road was n't paved , but it was the next best thing - smooth .
she was fighting the entity , i was sure of it , and one thing i was also sure of : she did n't want me to give it the medallion .
even standing still , he was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen .
the last thing she wanted to do was hurt him and end up in whatever the demon version of the emergency room was .
he demanded , passion flaring bright in his eyes as he looked up at her as though she was the only thing that mattered in the world .
that was the thing with the demon monarch .
so what if he thought she was the sexiest thing on the planet ?
that was the thing cy wanted most in the world .
if there was one thing he 'd realised about women it was to endear himself to the friends as well as the woman he was pursing , it made things so much easier .
the most glorious thing about them was that once she knew her forms so wellthat they were as natural as breathing , she could be ready for anything .
one thing about living for hundreds of years , stefan knew , was that you had time to get real y good at things .
if there 's one thing i know about her - and i ' ve known her for our whole lives - it 's that she 's always going to do what she wants to do , no matter what gets in her way .
they 're too fast , for one thing .
` ` i have been everywhere , but the thing about the world is that it keeps changing , so it 's always new and exciting .
that was the last thing i needed right now .
their cries were the only thing interrupting the silence of the scene surrounding us .
it 's a subconscious thing for you .
the other thing i did n't like very much was the way the air was getting hotter and hotter .
the only slightly interesting thing about her was the green frog that was now sitting on top of her head .
the last thing i wanted was for him to go wallow in remorse .
the relief i felt when i turned onto my street and saw edward 's silver car parked in front of my house was an overwhelming , heady thing .
it was a crippling thing , this sensation that a huge hole had been punched through my chest , excising my most vital organs and leaving ragged , unhealed gashes around the edges that continued to throb and bleed despite the passage of time .
` ` for one thing , you look like you 're going to pass out at any second .
for one thing , i felt no compulsion to wander or to search ; i was merely wandering out of habit , because that was what was usually expected of me here .
i was n't supposed to tell you our secret , for one thing , but the other part is that it 's not safe for you .
i ' m the last thing you should be worrying about . ''
maybe the only thing that was uncommon was the fact that father was fixated on eradicating the vampires .
the only thing missing here is the smell of ink , but we have the fine plastic pen which will not run out for volumes , making as fine and deep a black mark as i choose to make .
the very thing the roman emperors had so feared in egyptian cults and oriental cults swept over me : mystery and emotion which claim a superiority to reason and law .
the best thing about the summer between high school and col ege was that no one could expect her to spend any time tucked up with a heavy book , trying to memorize excessively boring facts .
the first thing he saw was elena 's face .
` ` we 'd need more time to experiment to change the spel , and time is the one thing we do n't have .
one thing i know about you - about both of you - is that you ' ve never given your enemies anything they wanted , not even if it would have saved you .
the last thing she considered him at that moment was an enemy .
the thing about lila that a lot of people do n't get is that beneath that - let 's face it - slutty exterior beats the heart of a truly loyal friend .
it was the thing about ted that got to me .
he was doing that adorable thing he did when he was nervous , when his adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
they were dull and insignificant , but my eye went to them because they were the only thing the two shared .
he wanted it , and it was the only thing keeping me alive .
` ` it 's the only thing keeping me solid .
the only thing you noticed about this house was that there were thick curtains hanging in the front windows so you could n't see in , and a six - foot - tall solid wood fence blocking off the backyard so you could n't get in .
only one thing about her was not ambiguous - her dress was , without question , a work of art : bright red tongues of leather flame bared her pale shoulders and licked down her willowy curves until they kissed the floor .
for one thing , logan was happy with libby .
the last thing olivia saw was her sister 's worried face , and then ... nothing but darkness .
but if there was one thing worse than going through all the training that was involved in becoming a guardian , then it was training with my brother .
the only thing that lent him some warmth was the blue of his clothes and the matching streaks in his hair .
` ` one good thing about wolves is that they prefer to judge a person by their actions . ''
misha had warned that moss and his counterpart , alden merle , were n't exactly chummy with sanity , and the last thing i wanted was to get in their bad books straightaway .
` ` the good thing about spirit lizards is that , aside from gender differences , we all look alike .
the only thing new about these tunnels are the doors .
if there 's one thing i know about werewolves , it 's that they are easily addicted to good sex .
at least there was one good thing about running around in skin - no struggle trying to pull clothes over a wet body .
unfortunately , that was the only thing that madeschool exciting .
there was one thing vampires and brannicks had in common : a few of us had special powers .
` ` you ' ve definitely got that whole tough chick thing going on .
for one thing , school was tougher than i 'd expected .
` ` that 's the thing with possessing people , '' i said , pushing the boys out of the cavern .
dex leaned back in his chair , trying to affect that super - casual thing he usually did so well .
they were the only thing the twins had in common .
but now she knew it was n't something totake for granted - and she also knew it was some thing she 'd fight for .
her green eyes werethe only alive thing about her .
one thing about it , poppy thought - not many people were privileged toknow exactly when they weregoing to die .
` ` so there 's one thing the movies haveright - a wooden stake through the heart will , in fact , kill a vampire .
and the only thing that madeit bearable was that somehow he loved her anyway .
the only thing that makes exchanging blood so special is that it enhances telepathy .
if there was one thing he hated , it was walking into a situation uninformed and unprepared .
it 's the strangest thing . ''
red glowing eyes meant one thing .
for one thing , she was ninety - nine percent certain that he had caused madison 's dog to fall asleep .
actually , the thing is ... '' he pulled a stress ball from his pocket and squeezed it .
the only thing better than pop 's moose jerky is his biscuits and gravy .
she was n't the least bit hungry , and the last thing she needed was a cup of pete 's crude oil - quality coffee to keep her awake all night once she finally did work up the nerve to go home .
the last thing she needed was to be thinking about kade and pleasure in the same sentence .
now that he was free , the only thing more attractive than ending his time on this forsaken planet was the idea that he might be able to take his duplicitous heir with him in death .
` ` one nice thing about all this snow and wilderness out here is there 's a lot of goddamn snow and wilderness out here , '' tegan remarked dryly as chase and hunter met up with him at their waiting snowmachines on a game trail several long miles into the bush .
the only thing i do know is that i ' ve never been this livid in my entire life .
the last thing i need is to lose my job .
` ` you have this ... thing about you . ''
the first thing i see is alex 's worried face and then laylen 's .
` ` for one thing , i ' ve heard stories about people getting stuck inside visions and never returning ; and , for another , because you did n't get captured by the water faerie . ''
` ` the thing about alex is ... he 's kind of been brainwashed . ''
` ` the only thing i can remember about that night is coming out of a club and hearing someone come up behind me .
the only thing that is somewhat comforting is that the scratches on my neck , from where laylen 's fangs scrapped me , are almost invisible .
thankfully it 's bare , the only thing there is a cluster of freckles .
` ` the last thing i ever want to do is taste his foul blood , '' he says , standing upright .
the strange thing about all of this is after laylen 's and my talk , things went back to friendly with us .
perhaps it 's the hardest thing in the world not to be close to me .
for one thing , my shirt was still open and in tatters , some of the buttons were gone and my underwear lay in a shredded mess next to me .
as far as she was concerned , it was one thing to have wealth and quite another to know how to show it off appropriately .
feeling slightly more the thing , she exited the changing room and was escorted downstairs back into the receiving area , with its brown leather armchair .
it did the most remarkable thing to his own emotions .
alexia 's preternatural abilities were the only thing currently keeping him sane .
the only thing that was different was the birthmark .
` ` the one thing we do know is that he 's capable of great harm , '' she said softly .
that 's the only thing that will help me feel better , she thought .
for one thing , she did n't think her legs would physically support her .
hannah- it was the closest thing to a mental gasp hannah could imagine , and with it she realized that somehow they were directly connected now .
the first thing hannah saw when she woke up was a pair of glowing green cat - eyes looking down at her .
the thing about gems was that they did n't work on their own .
that was one thing about blaise - she had magnificent physical courage .
she was the goddess of love - and the thing about her was that she was absolutely merciless . ''
that was the one thing they all had in common .
` ` well - in ancient crete , for one thing .
because that was the thing about blaise .
it was her worst fear , the very thing that had driven her away from eric in the desert , the first time she 'd felt the soulmate connection with him .
charlotte brown 's one thing .
well , she thought breathlessly , that 's one good thing about having a twin sister who 's a social butterfly !
the last thing she heard as sophia dragged her out of the cafeteria was olivia 's voice calling , ` ` is she okay ? ''
they 're pretty much the same thing : one big happy crustacean family !
` ` katie , allison , what is the second most important thing to remember in cheerleading ? ''
the only thing i know is that i was held captive and attacked -- bitten and bled , for god 's sake -- by something worse than a nightmare .
it took a lot to scare her , but this psych ward video footage was just about the last thing she needed to see on top of everything else she was dealing with .
and as she sat back , miserable against the crates and cartons , listening to the two men discuss their ideas for her in eager , violent detail , she got the feeling that her sanity was n't the only thing at risk right now .
the absorbed pain of her injury -- and the slighter irritation of his own -- was the only thing that kept his body from having yet another sort of reaction to her , as well .
jenna felt the weight of their gazes like a physical thing .
alex is a breedmate , for one thing .
` ` business is one thing .
what if that was n't the only thing that was changing about her ?
corinne was too young , for one thing .
for one thing , in the picture , her hair had looked dark rather than the vibrant red it truly was .
while she 'd lived , blood had been a tinny , nasty thing , but now it was yummy .
if victor was very lucky , he might get to experience that very thing soon .
the only thing missing was the hissing as she suddenly thrashed around to free herself .
conversation was the last thing on her mind now .
victor must be experiencing the same thing , elvi thought suddenly , amazed at what he was doing to her .
` ` we may as well get it over with before she gets herself upset enough to start crying or some other female thing .
it seems their appetite for food is n't the only thing that has been reawakened on this trip .
the sight of the white - coated road stretched out before him was a truly depressing thing .
by the last step , it was like climbing mount everest , and he was swaying , his hold on the rail the only thing keeping him upright .
this was the last thing i needed right now .
the first thing that always hit me about this place was the sunny yellow paint adrian had put up on the walls .
i did the manly thing and stepped up .
the other thing that kept distracting me was all that sugar i 'd just consumed .
` ` human control - blood is one thing .
the only thing i knew for sure was that this kiss had been a lot like the last one .
one thing i never had to feel guilty about was calling eddie at any hour .
` ` power is one thing , '' she admitted .
the only thing i had going for me was that the victorian houses were so distinct .
but she 's right about one thing : we need to get inside . ''
` ` well , you do have that sherlock holmes thing going for you , '' he said .
` ` it was harmless , and that 's the thing .
one thing that often helped in alchemist affairs ( and witch ones ) was that people rarely expected supernatural reasons for weird behaviors and phenomena .
the thing about being a star pupil was that none of my teachers had any problems with me skipping classes .
the one thing you could count on with alchemists was reliability .
fortunately , magical subterfuge was n't the first thing alchemists turned to as a reason for anything .
the thing about scientists like us was that a technological failure like this was fascinating .
yelling at stanton is just one more thing on a long list of insanity .
and yet , if there was one thing i believed more than ever , it was sonya 's adage that there were no coincidences in the world of the supernatural .
the one thing you learn from constantly having your life in danger is that you 'd better not waste it .
that being the case it had been the one thing she 'd most yearned for .
claire 's vision took a little break and then came back with a checkerboard overlay - the kind of thing you got be  fore you passed out .
the last thing i need is a steady girlfriend . ''
al is hot for my soul again , and the last thing i need to do is get on his turf , so forget it . ''
` ` the last thing he wants is another . ''
every house we 'd borrowed , whether it was up a mountain or on an island or hidden on a big farm , had a few things in common .
i tried to forget the burning thirst as much as possible - after al , riley must have been getting thirsty , too , so this could n't last forever - but mostly thirst was the only thing on my mind .
for one thing , he was blatantly , solidly heterosexual , a condition easily detected by a person with her heightened senses .
in fact , the way she had n't reacted negatively to his nearness was the only thing that did bother her .
at least there was one good thing about her loss of consciousness .
things that made her warning similar to a tree falling across the mouth of a waterfall .
for one thing , she could easily slip away .
for one thing , the information she was giving him was critical to running her house .
feeling his wet , muscular body against hers was the closest thing to contentment lyssa had felt in several days .
the other thing that afforded him a measure of regard and rank he would n't have otherwise to protect him was that he was a born vampire .
violence was surging up through his blood , the only thing stopping it his obedience to her will .
she would have begged him to move , but one thing she knew from such a long life was never to rush something that felt so good .
for one thing , he 'd had all of her marks .
there are some men who think sex and watching cable tv at the same time is the closest thing to heaven on earth .
` ` one thing i do understand is the power of devotion and loyalty .
but , of course , that was the very thing that frightened him : never knowing how strong the hunger would be , or what he might have to do to satisfy it .
it was strangely fitting that it would be the last thing she ever saw , she thought .
the first thing elena saw as they approached her house was the lights .
` ` but my brother is right about one thing at least .
that was one good thing about being little .
the good thing about having her face veiled was that nobody could read her lips .
everybody had one thing in common , though ; they were young .
the only thing that surprised me is that he invited us in front of everybody .
that was one good thing about werewolves - they acted on impulse .
that was one thing about made vampires .
the only thing missing were the paparazzi .
though raum and morgana , the queen of sorceri , were lifelong foes of each other , they agreed on one thing : bettina 's need for a husband / protector / king .
i was just so godsdamned frustrated , after failing over and over ... ... now the last thing i 'll see is a crescent moon . ''
an assassin without equal ... the last thing i 'll see is a crescent moon .
` ` understand me , bettina , the only thing he did n't realize was that i could find him here .
salem said , ` ` that 's the thing about an assassin - wiv each kill , he risks capture or death himself .
the only thing greater than the pull of trehan 's home was his curiosity about his bride .
the one bad thing about freezing into immortality ?
when she was young , she 'd tried to eat like a demon , to have one thing in common with her subjects .
` ` that 's the thing about vendettas .
` ` the last thing i want is to be mired in this feud . ''
but at the doorway , she gazed back with a thoughtful look on her face , offering bettina cryptic wisdom : ` ` remember , freakling , the greatest thing about having power is the mere having of power .
the vampire 's words were like a bell pinging in her brain , reminding her of morgana 's cryptic comment : ` ` the greatest thing about having power is the mere having of power .
releasing the pressure has been the only thing keeping me in check with you . ''
` ` but one thing i know : i could never get past the fact that you 'd killed cas . ''
at least he had nt done that thing to her like brandon had done , that mesmerizing thing .
at least he had nt done that thing to her like brandon had done , that mesmerizing thing .
he looked up slowly and met her eyes , and this time , she felt an echo of that thing brandon did , that compulsion that held her in place .
for one thing , shed just met him .
that was the horrible thing about him , this warm feeling that she could trust him , should trust him , that somehow she was letting him down by not do nt , eve said sharply , and pinched her arm .
claire supposed that was one thing that being roofied was good forit kept your heart rate down in an emergency .
and besides , if you do , the last thing you have to worry about is the cops .
that 's one thing i ' ve learned . ''
one good thing about the filthy swamp was that the water level remained fairly low .
spits was surprisingly morose to be leaving his shack - ` ` ' t is the closest thing to a home i ' ve had since running away t ' sea when i was twelve , '' he sighed - but several swigs of poteen improved his mood and by midnight he was singing and joking .
female vanity had always been a remarkable thing to him , but his lady 's devotion to it had brought him to a new level of admiration .
` ` god , the worst thing about human death is the release of the bowels and bladder .
looking at him was not doing a thing to slow her heart rate .
while he 'd had very different feelings about her then , one thing had been the same .
one thing he 'd learned from his lady was inscrutability .
the amount of strength she had was the only thing in question .
the only thing that lived was her and the man on the table .
a menace who could n't name one thing about her that he liked .
there is n't one thing that makes you special to me , but all things .
the first thing she noticed about the room was that the weapons were gone .
` ` and i thought you were the thing i needed most in my life . ''
the last thing she heard before sleep was a distant whisper from anna .
the only thing she could see was the faint shape of her arm waving in the cold air .
if there was one thing kait had learned recently , it was to trust her instincts - but it was lonely - looking out there , lit only by a half - full moon just beginning to rise .
it 's the same thing i smelled yesterday when lewis did his sleepwalking bit .
` ` the ability to communicate mind to mind is a wonderful thing . ''
but as she made her way north towards the same city now , the only thing in the world she cared about was getting to that same damned coven house .
like he had silver hair for one thing , just real pretty short curly gray hair , and that always looked great on a young person .
for one thing , it was not shaped like a person , this coffin , and it had no face on it , and no writings to guide the soul of the dead .
` ` it was an inherited thing in our family .
but the important thing to realize is that it was part and parcel of us as a people .
the important thing to realize was this : it was physical ; it was energy .
the first thing i 'd ever noticed about him - well , after his green eyes , that is - was his black hair .
the concoction formed for saber an impossible tangle of strong smel s. the only thing the now - sitting dog knew was that it was surely not damon sitting on the steps and tossing him hearty bal s of hamburger and delicate strips of filet mignon - each of which he gulped down whole .
` ` for one thing , he helped save al our lives - and the town .
the only thing about her that was n't grayed - out was her bril iant black hair , tipped with scarlet at the ends , just like shinichi 's .
the only thing burning inside her right now was the shame of failing matt .
elena would n't have let him , for one thing .
for one thing , they were shoving misao into pitch - darkness ... and movement .
i woke up and the first thing i thought of was the sweetshop .
the only thing that changed was as they traveled farther north , it got colder .
she held on to the smal boy in damon 's soul , knowing that this was the last thing she had left to give him .
if there was one thing damon would know about , it was consequences .
the only thing bothering her was the cold .
the only thing that held her back from the blanket was the thought of her mother .
that was another thing she knew without knowing how she knew .
matt made himself strike at the insect 's body , hitting it as if it were a shark , which was the other thing it reminded him of .
one thing , the doll - like old woman was not , was deaf .
` ` damon , right now the thing i need most is to be protected fromyou .
she saw jim 's body shrink and his hair turn black , but that was n't the striking thing about it .
and , of course , low - rise black leather pants to show the same thing on the bottom .
damon said this shinichi had a thing about 4:44 in the morning or evening , she thought .
it would make these conversations so much shorter , for one thing . ''
damon did n't have a broken neck , for one thing .
the only thing she had time to see was stefan , very thin but smiling in his sleep and then she was dumped onto him , into him , and still crying as she bounced , as lightly as a feather , and stefan woke .
the only thing she could liken the feeling that she got from his steely control was pain .
but the most striking thing of all about her was that she was holding a long curved sword , pointed directly at matt .
the other thing she remembered was ... ` ` they dance on the grass ?
part of the worst thing about the giant owl was her silence .
and that 's just the thing .
and if there was one thing i 'd learned from dealing with damon , it was that damon only played games by his rules .
the only thing that saved me from my obsessive thoughts was violet .
the only thing interesting about this is seeing you learn this lesson , over and over again .
it 's as my husband said , family truly is the most important thing in life , '' gertrude said , her intel igent blue eyes shining .
in fact , that 's the only thing you deserve . ''
the only thing that matters is strength and determination .
if there was one thing damon knew for certain , it was that every being , natural or supernatural , had a weakness .
` ` listen , bonnie , if there 's one thing i know , it 's that zander 's crazy about you .
` ` one more thing i know about you is that you 're too tough to give in to anything like that , '' matt said .
` ` and one thing we know is that ms . bonnie mccullough is not an idiot . ''
the only thing that stopped her from tumbling in herself was matt grabbing her from behind .
he 'd strangle the life out of you , and the last thing you 'd see would be his face . ''
for one thing , they 're exceptionally beautiful , and though everyone agrees on this point , no one knows why .
your hands , for one thing , the little silver wedding band , and something about your face , a radiance- the radiance of those who believe .
when i woke in the middle of the afternoon the water was the very first thing i saw .
even if there had been , i would n't have cared - being so close to death , modesty was the last thing on my mind .
all but the nymph had one thing in common .
sadly , both entities had one thing in common : they both hated him .
they represented the very thing she 'd always craved for herself : to be loved so inexorably , no act was too vile when it came protecting her - or avenging her .
but the thing i feared above all else was being without you .
for one thing it had the virtue of being completely unbelievable .
pride was one thing ; not being able to feel your fingers was another .
` ` isn '' t progress a wonderful thing , captain ? ''
` ` well , for one thing , it may prevent rumours that he was mistreated : ` ` or start them ? ''
the other thing you got used to in the presence of tawneee was silence .
the other thing he noticed was that the landscape ahead was strangely bluish , while behind them it had a relatively red tint .
one thing i do know is that no damn demon got inside my head , no matter what they say .
however , you ought to know that the most interesting thing about this dress is how remarkably easy it is to get into and out of . ''
the last thing alexia wanted was to witness the vampire version of a three - course meal .
for one thing , the balloon part itself had n't the shape of a dirigible and was entirely made of cloth .
` ` right now , the trial 's the last thing on my mind - i ' m not even sure i ' m going to get through the training !
the one good thing about wading through the wall of fire was that it had burnt out much of the feelings in my feet .
the last thing i need is to get involved in something like this . ''
` ` so much else was going on , it was the last thing on my mind .
` ` there 's no such thing as just with girls .
` ` to a vampire it 's the same thing .
if i 'd learned one thing from my encounter with the crazy vampaneze , it was that even the undead could be human .
it would be the first thing she 'd see when she opened her eyes in the morning .
the only thing really preventing her doing all of that was stephanie 's presence and the fact that they had been charged with getting her safely to port henry .
` ` the only thing that kept me in this world ... was the two of you . ''
the thing that scared her most was n't knowing that he was drawn to her , it was no longer being repulsed by his attraction .
the main thing she felt over and over was his eyes sliding over her form , followed by an increase in his pulse .
the only thing the king could sense was a faint flickering , like a ghost limb , telling him that she still breathed .
the only thing she did n't plan for was her voice , but when she spoke she did n't recognize it , ` ` honestly , i 'll let you do whatever you want as long as this pairing is successful .
visibility sucked , and that was the only thing working in her favor .
she had a small nose , smooth tanned skin , but the most striking thing about her was her hair .
the only thing she knew was that they were talking about her .
that was the only thing that kept her from freezing to death .
and lust is n't the only thing it makes you feel , but the end result is the same - you 'll want more .
kahli realized that speaking was the only thing holding her here .
everybody knows that the most important thing about a vampire hunt is that they must not know you are hunting them , otherwise they can get very nasty indeed , and i was afraid that vampire max would hear us .
one thing i did know was that fang was close to orgasm .
and you denied me the one thing i wanted most in this world . ''
the nice thing about not having friends was there was no one to say good - bye to .
the only thing exciting about working at armstrong 's was the gossip .
` ` cool is one thing .
` ` so what 's your favorite thing about bats , bat boy ? ''
and the only thing i was thirsty for was a chocolate soda from shirley 's bakery .
one thing he d learned in nearly five centuries of existence : everything could change in the blink of an eye .
no such thing as the right man .
the last thing he needed in his life was more heartache .
that was the confusing thing about mr .
` ` stupidity and bravery are not the same thing , '' he chided me .
dragging your good name through the muck is the last thing on my mind . ''
renata ignored the question , certain it was the last thing she needed to know right now .
she nodded , her dark eyes not missing a thing .
it 's the same thing . ''
the last thing i needed was to put this circus on rails .
she had tried to kill me twice , and i knew i should ' ve been concerned when i said hi to ford and sat down in the chair he had pulled up for me , but the only thing i was feeling was tired .
as he surveyed their surroundings , she scrutinized him , searching for a single thing about his appearance that she did n't find sexy - and failing .
one thing bowe did know was that if he lost , he would definitely kill the witch for weakening him so much .
` ` yes , but that 's the thing about bowen - he 'll shrug it off soon enough . ''
one thing that was missing from the ensemble : a cloak .
if there was one thing that mari despised , it was to be passed up .
he was clean , for one thing .
` ` well , most humans , for one thing .
but that is n't the important thing about being a harman . ''
the first thing she noticed was a blue - green car that cruised down the street in front of the high school .
she said , one thing i always had to hide from my foster mothers was how much i liked to shred things .
the last thing she wanted was for that girl to be attacked again .
her fear is the only thing i feel ; it overwhelms everything else , even my own desire for her blood .
it 's the only thing of his i can hold onto right now .
the thing is that peter is n't perfect .
i have faith in him , but it is n't the same thing .
the thing i needed .
that was another thing i 'd learned how to do again , but once i accessed it , laughter came whenever i felt it .
it was a heady thing , being so powerful .
peter senses my distress and makes sure he keeps in constant contact with my bare skin , doing that calming thing he does .
the thing you probably do n't know about di is that what she wants more than anything else is to be loved .
mom and dad do that silent conversation thing and it reminds me of rasha and kamir .
` ` you 're doing that thing where you stare at me and then you think about things .
that was the one thing about jamie that separated him from me , in addition to the human , nonhuman thing .
i want the last thing my human skin feels to be your skin . ''
he sits calmly in his chair , waiting for me to speak and doing his noctalis - not - blinking thing .
he 's doing that thing where he kind of pulls me in with his eyes .
he 's doing that distance - gazing thing , as if he 's reaching for something he ca n't have .
the thing is , there is no right word .
a weight presses on my chest , making air a precious thing .
to have the one thing you always wanted and worry every second that it will be taken away ?
` ` you know what the worst thing is about having a mother who is dying of cancer ? ''
the thing that makes me want to laugh is that he 'll be waiting up in my bedroom for me as soon as he goes out the door .
the thing that makes it the best is that peter is there , standing behind me .
her face was the only constant thing in my mind .
he 's doing that thing when he gets stiller - than - still , waiting for me to give him my reaction .
he and peter share a glance and i hope they 're doing that thing where they share their thoughts .
it was the only thing i could hold onto .
the only thing that matters is peter .
after they 'd hugged me and we 'd had that moment the only thing i could feel was embarrassed .
the only thing they hold on to is that memory of looking into those eyes .
his face is doing that thing where he tries to look all superior .
miller 's , the closest diner to sussex with the best reputation , was the kind of place people had been going to for sixty years and where the only thing that ever changed were the prices to match inflation .
one of the only things i can remember is the smell of that place .
that 's another thing on her list .
if there was one thing ivan wanted , it was revenge , and he would do anything to exact it .
my eyeballs are sticky and hard to move , but the first thing i look at is my arm .
he 's doing that thing again , but i can feel through the emotional telegraph that 's strung between us , there 's more to it and he 's keeping a lot from me .
that 's the thing , though .
the only thing radiating from him is darkness .
the last thing he needed was someone else voicing it .
his father was pretty worthless , but the one thing about him was that he made good on his threats .
last thing you need is to set your therapy back . ''
last thing i need is for my neighbors to start complaining or george to quit . ''
funny thing was , nick seemed immune to that too .
last thing he needed to do was distract ash while he was driving at warp speed .
another thing that made him different from everyone else .
and the last thing he heard was a deep female voice .
the last thing he remembered was leaving caleb and heading toward bourbon .
a broad smile curled her lips and did the strangest thing to his stomach .
` ` that 's the bad thing about being a shapeshifter .
but the last thing he needed was for his mom to have yet another reason to ground him .
but the one thing he was grateful for was the fact that she was still a girl .
but the one thing he knew about her and stone was that they were constantly breaking up and getting back together .
last thing he needed was to give stone another reason to harass him .
last thing we need is for a player to get suspended .
` ` i ' m about to send this little punk to jail , and the last thing we need is another person in lockup wearing one of our school jerseys . ''
i hate that whole territorial thing he does .
it was time to fight , and fighting was the one thing he understood well .
while each dh came from a vastly different culture and time , the one thing that united them all was that something horrific had happened to them .
just the thing he wanted to add to his christmas list - right after a vicious attack of intestinal misery .
the last thing he wanted was to become that version of his future .
the only thing that kept him from feeling any worse was that kody had seen him fight for real and knew he normally did a little better than this .
look at them , the only thing smaller than their iqs is their skirts .
unfortunately , the only thing he could see about the future was his coming restriction that would hang over his head until graduation .
but that was the thing about simi .
for one thing , my house is n't this dark , even when my mama gets cheap and refuses to use lights in it .
that was the thing about his mother , hard times might have caused her to live on the streets for awhile , but she was always polite .
one thing about those two , they were slipperier than a greased gator on the hunt in the bayou .
last thing king add needs is one more distraction . ''
and he was n't about to ask since the last thing he wanted was for the dark god to get any kind of boost to his powers .
the last thing i want is to feel one of those '' -she made air quotes with her hands- '' disgusting things rub up against me while i ' m dressed nice .
but the one thing about bubba , aside from the fact the man was a total unpredictable lunatic , was that he constantly used southernisms even nick had a hard time making out .
and the one thing that made those malachais so different from nick was that each had known who and what they were from the moment of birth .
another thing immortals had in common , apparently .
that was another thing about rosa , you could n't get anything past her .
that was the thing about daimons , since they did n't intermingle with other species , they were all natural blondes .
one thing about cherise gautier , she was a virulent defender of the faith and church .
one thing about dev , aside from the fact that he was extremely gorgeous , he had a wicked sense of humor .
but then that was one thing about the bears , they were all kindhearted and had been stone - cold decent to him and his mom .
closing his eyes , he tried to forget that her life had been the only thing he had ever begged for .
` ` that 's the one good thing about living so long ... it definitely gives you time to reflect and see things you miss when you 're being assaulted with problems and are trying to get through a very finite life span . ''
these people were nuts and the last thing he wanted was to be a part of their sick , twisted world .
but the one thing about us gautiers is that we never do anything that 's easy when there 's a major butt - kicking to be had .
the only thing different was their eye color .
the only good thing about this weird life was the lack of tacky hawaiian shirts in his closet .
the only thing different was his long blond hair .
one good thing about demons , they did n't pretend to be your friend .
last thing any of us wanted was for me to have even more psychic crap i could n't control .
but that was n't the most peculiar thing about him and his pretty - boy looks .
the only thing all that sunday genuflecting had gotten him was really strong leg muscles .
nabonidus was a scholar for one thing , a digger into the mounds , and he was determined to keep babylon in glory , yes , but he had a mad love for the god sin .
` ` and you were the last thing , '' she breathed into my ear , her hands clawing gently at my back .
` ` you were the last thing she saw .
if he had learned one thing from his long time in this world , it was that he could intimidate others beyond his wildest intentions to do it .
when magnus woke the next morning , the first thing he noticed was the fact that it was much , much , much too bright .
the third thing he noticed , perhaps the most puzzling , was the pile of car tires at the foot of the bed .
he had sworn long ago that no one would ever change him - not the mundanes who hated him for one thing , or the shadowhunters currently hunting him for another .
the thing that was weird about the place was that it was n't dusty ; the marble that covered the shelves of caskets was entirely free from cobwebs , and the floor had been well swept , if not polished as well .
the only thing he 'd want about this place is the hundred miles of highway between here and any job he could get , and one day driving that much road , he 'd just keep on keeping on . ''
changelings and pixies have at least one thing in common : it 's rare that we have places where we 're safe .
the last thing i wanted was another pixie job .
my head was the only thing that was hurting .
the ring was the only important thing i had . ''
sensing the presence of evil is one thing .
if there was one thing we could agree on , it was the reluctance of the me to spill details .
that 's the good thing about having a shrink for a sister : you learn what they look for and you can give it to them .
the only thing i knew was that my certainty about my place in the world - my armor and my sword - was shattered .
the nice thing about stealing clothes off a clothesline - at least they were clean .
the only thing she knew : david was a werewolf , and werewolves were capable of violent , bloody murder .
and there was no such thing as standard hours or being off duty when it came to the para - investigations squad .
but the worst thing were his hands .
i could give it a try , but the thing about being beaten down ... it 's hard to get back up .
that was the fun thing about winter : it was always a surprise .
human would n't be much better - after santa , the last thing the kid needed to see was a naked teenager .
in manfred 's eyes , the only odd thing about it was why any woman would leave a handsome , affable guy like his landlord .
but while he was smiling , he was wary ; that was the interesting thing .
once these questions had occurred to him , he thought the oddest thing of all was that he 'd never set them side by side before .
only thing he knew about the man was that he 'd given aden up .
the only thing they had in common was their youth ( or so he was fond of saying ) .
the only thing that had stopped her was the thought of getting aden in trouble .
one thing he 'd learned over the years was that there was no honor in fighting .
was that the only thing holding her back ?
another thing to drool over : his protective nature .
without any hesitation , a offered up the jell - o , though it was the only thing he could eat and he would n't be given another .
one thing he hated about oklahoma was how one day could be bone - chilling and the next a sauna .
` ` the only thing i could not live without is you .
the only thing i could not live without is you .
the thing is , alive or dead , vlad is n't ruling us and someone needs to rule us or there 'll be chaos , deserters and takeover attempts . ''
one thing she knew : different ` ` mythological '' species were at war .
intense concentration was the only thing that kept him talking .
only thing that kept her from thinking this place belonged to a bored human billionaire intent on distracting himself was the wall of weapons .
she stumbled over a twig , his grip the only thing holding her up .
someone was going to have to explain the drainer thing , and soon .
sometimes their clothing was the only thing that kept them from doing more than drinking from each other .
we ' ve seen him like this before , minus the need for blood , and the medication was the only thing that helped him .
that was another thing he liked about mary ann .
if there was one thing riley had taught her during their many self - defense training sessions , it was that emotions ruined perspective and rationality .
hope was a silly but completely undeniable thing .
strong emotion was the only thing that could push him out , and yes , i ' m purposefully using birthing language because that 's basically what happened , and he was n't ready to be pushed out .
last thing he needed was for junior to hurt someone else .
probably , and that was yet another thing they had in common .
and now , he was the very thing he hated more than anything : vulnerable .
victoria did her chew - on - the - lip thing .
the sad thing was , riley had no argument .
one thing vlad had taught him was how to stay off human radar and how to keep his true identity hidden .
that was the vampire mansion in front of him , the ward in the ground the only thing untouched by the flames .
the last thing i needed was to start flashing back to my nightmares .
the weirdest thing about this was that lucas was n't remotely shy about speaking up to anybody else .
i guessed that was the one good thing about being beneath attention : you could get away with a lot more .
the only thing they all had in common was the way each sighed in relief when they recognized lucas .
` ` you have good balance , and that 's the main thing . ''
the thing was , even for a vampire , this girl was different .
the last thing i needed was for my parents to go into overprotective mode .
it was the only thing i truly knew about myself , the only thing i 'd ever known .
balthazar 's body next to mine was all i could hang onto , the only thing i knew .
his gaze became distant , and i wondered what measure he was taking of eduardo now ; he 'd been both lucas 's fiercest enemy and the closest thing to a father he 'd known since early childhood , and now he was gone .
the only thing more horrible than seeing balthazar hurt like this was the thought of leaving him .
the last thing i wanted was rat breath .
that was the number - one thing vampires used to their advantage - people 's refusal to believe that the worst - case scenario could really be happening to them .
the first thing i could see was not her hair or her body but one arched , skeptical eyebrow , as if she were some snarky version of the cheshire cat .
he smelled like cologne , which i usually found stinky , but it was the first thing i 'd really smelled since i died .
` ` this is the only thing he understands right now , bianca .
you 're back in my arms - i 'd lost you forever , and here you are - but the only thing i can think about , the only thing i want - ` ` he could n't finish ; he did n't have to .
the only thing i knew for sure was that christopher had power and influence among the wraiths .
` ` the last thing i needed was her in my nightmares . ''
but i forgot one very basic thing about it until i swept down toward the roof , ready to sink inside - and fell myself shoved back violently .
as i blinked , this new place took shape around me , and at first the only thing i could do was stare .
best thing about being what we are . ''
` ` as long as she gets the whole friends thing , yeah .
the only obvious thing they had in common was that they each knew me , but they weren ' t here for me - at least not only .
how can i ask him to face immortality , when it 's the last thing he ever wanted ?
there 's no such thing as being far away from you , not anymore . ''
before jumping competitions , she had gone through a checklist in her mind , making sure every single thing about eb 's tack was perfect , or if not , how she could handle the difficulty .
if there was one thing vampires hated more than trying to cross running water - it was being submerged in running water .
the only thing . ''
` ` just one thing , constantia .
the only thing remarkable was the wide brown eyes that were heavily framed with dark lashes , but most of the time they were hidden behind her protective lab glasses .
this whole not - having - a - clue thing was getting old fast .
her lids drifted shut , and surprisingly , the last thing she thought about was ethan .
and how could she exist like this - her eyes the only thing she could move - for a lifetime ?
` ` the injuries or the not waking up thing ? ''
` ` you know what the ironic thing is ? ''
` ` funny thing , bliss , '' i said , trying to buy precious seconds , grasping with my mind .
okay , so there was at least one thing about this stepford setup i 'd like ... . jon nibbled on my earlobe .
for one thing , he was wearing a wedding ring .
she had the same elegant features as her mother , but the first thing about her that caught my attention was a bruise on the side of her cheek .
in essence , she told you that you were not worthy to be the thing that we had been throughout many lifetimes .
` ` i do have a life , '' said conn . ` ` i ' m just missing one thing . ''
as have you , but one thing has remained constant . ''
but the funny thing about instincts was that one never knew when they would kick in .
one thing about shy people , we 're great listeners , and when i was done recounting my early afternoon session , roxi launched into a long story about a pitch - meeting she was going to have with paramount studios .
the interesting thing about fang was this : he could also read my mind .
i did n't know the answers to either question , but one thing i did know : men were fucking pigs .
beer was the one thing i did n't miss .
for one thing , his left ear was vastly bigger than the right .
one thing about my current condition , my eyesight was eagle - like .
but it was the only thing i could consume comfortably .
i want my wife 's voice to be the last thing that son - of - a - bitch hears . ''
the nice thing about ordering steaks rare is that they do n't take long to cook .
` ` it 's the only thing that keeps me sane .
granted , it was still daytime , and i would n't be fully alive and alert until the sun set , but the cool darkness in the back room was the next best thing and i was feeling a little better .
one thing i did n't miss from living with the man was all his damn snoring .
but one thing i did know was this ...
and whether or not my cells needed any nutrients , i did n't know that either , but one thing i did know was this : blood did the universal trick .
of course , keeping my vampiric nature hidden from them as long as i could was one thing , but that cat had been out of the bag for some time now .
caring was the only thing that separated me from her .
the thing he had wanted most in the world .
the thing about a mommy who works the night shift and goes to bed at the crack of dawn - or slips into a minor coma , to be more accurate - is that a son or daughter ca n't , well , crawl into bed with her when they need her .
one thing about taking showers in the middle of the night was that there was no one waiting in line for it .
you two are doing your telepathy thing again . ''
the thing about dating a known playboy and an alpha male is , well , they have a high testosterone level , and they know how to get what they want .
` ` hating myself is kinda my thing . ''
he knew it would be the last thing he ever smelled .
so far , the only thing this new priest had going for him was that he was human .
but one thing that has n't changed is the establishment 's contempt for authority .
the last thing i saw was your eyes .
his father had once said that the most important thing in life was finding the right path and committing to it .
that was the great thing about dating stasha .
even the buried smell of death would attract the vampires and that 's the last thing i need at the moment .
i keep my pace quick and my footsteps light , knowing the last thing i want to do is be out at dark .
the last thing i see is the monster watching me .
but the thing they really want , '' he pauses , looking up at me , ` ` is you . ''
` ` i get the whole need answers now thing , but f**king hell , will you please tell me what 's going on ? ''
not just with me stopping breathing , but with the vision thing . ''
i wish i could retract my statement because the last thing i want to do is talk to alex about my feelings , but i find myself doing so anyway .
the last thing i see is the sunlight before the sky above me darkens like nighttime only the stars are missing .
` ` the thing about visions , '' nicholas plops down on the sofa next to me and rotates the crystal ball in his hand , ` ` is that everything is connected to each other . ''
` ` and that 's probably the last thing laylen needs right now . ''
sleep deprivation is a funny thing , i guess , and makes everyone kind of loopy .
` ` you do n't know anything about him , but you 're making judgments based on one thing . ''
the only thing that is different is the six - foot - four vampire snoring away in my computer chair , his black boots kicked up on the computer desk , his head tipped back in an awkward position .
chapter 33 after having the most intense sex ever , i lie in bed beside him , face to face , staring at him , trying to brand his beautiful face into my mind so hopefully when i die , it 'll be the last thing i see .
when i open my eyes , the first thing i see is a pair of black boots .
i really hope so because this jealousy , male testosterone thing between you two is getting old . ''
` ` just another amazing thing about you , i guess . ''
` ` this is the last thing i need right now .
if there was one thing that being what i was had taught me , it was that the difference between predator and prey was the rate of your heartbeat , the sweat trickling from your temples , the urge to shiver and run .
his skin was just tan enough to make me wonder why he 'd been spending so much time in the sun , and his cheekbones were a thing of beauty .
now i was just lost and lonely and dying , and the closest thing i had to company was the creature that was kill - ing me .
and now , the only thing left was a burning , incessant hunger .
the last thing i needed was for the neighbors to see me running by at an inhuman blur .
i did n't have many friends - i was n't entirely sure i had any - but skylar was the closest thing i 'd had to one in a very long time .
the only thing that kept me from putting my knife straight through the top of elliot 's spine was a surge of interest from the chupacabra inside me .
i had to move , had to keep moving , because the one thing i had on the zombies was that even though they were faster than any i 'd ever seen , even though they appeared to be working as a team and their venom was slowing me down- i was still faster than a human .
and even though i had no idea what skylar had seen in our future , what she was holding back , the one thing i knew for sure was that she could n't , either .
time lost all meaning - a dangerous thing for someone like me - but by the time i came to a stop at a dead - end road , more desert than not , the sun was starting to set .
tears stung my eyes until the only thing i could see was the memory of her face the second before the mine detonated , the expression on her childlike features .
the last thing i was conscious of before darkness claimed me - other than an incredible tightness in my lungs - was the sound of yet another door opening and closing .
the only thing that set the building apart was the neon sign over the entrance , which was shaped like roslyn 's rune .
the great thing about using silverstone knives was the fact that the magical metal was almost unbreakable , and the only jamming a blade ever did was when i shoved it too far into someone 's chest and had trouble yanking it out again .
if there was one thing all southern women instinctively know how to do , it 's flirt .
for one thing , he did n't need the money .
it 's the only f**king thing i admire about her . ''
the only nice thing about the room was the stone fireplace that took up the back wall .
for one thing , there were n't any hookers in it .
i 'd been right about one thing , though .
` ` pure strength is one thing , darling , whether it 's magical or natural .
` ` no , weak is one thing you 're definitely not . ''
the very last thing i needed .
loyalty , love , whatever you wanted to call it , it was the only thing as important as survival - and the only thing truly worth dying for .
driving violet fox 's car to a safer location had been the last thing on my mind .
pity was the last thing i wanted from the detective - or from anyone else .
of which the only thing you currently have is a tight ass . ''
` ` she 's the most important thing in the world to me .
but there was one more thing that intrigued me about you , ms .
the first thing i was aware of was the soft soil underneath my cheek , interspersed here and there with small pebbles .
the only thing i had left were my black dress and stilettos , which were no help at all .
with the dwarf buried underneath the mountain , grayson was the closest thing to an expert the city of ashland had been able to call upon .
the delicate primrose was the last thing i remembered seeing before the world went black .
the only thing that gave her away were the slight tremors that shook her hands as she worked .
that was the one thing all his victims had in common - they were all exceptionally beautiful women , just like roslyn was .
he was still breathing , which was the most important thing .
since i was out of weapons , i reached for the only thing that i had left - my magic .
my head already rang from his previous punches , and it took every thing i had to focus on my stone power to keep myself from being beaten to death .
the only thing i changed was the ending , taking credit for killing slater instead of laying that at roslyn 's feet .
but the most striking thing about vinnie was his eyes , which glowed blue - white in the semidarkness , thanks to his elemental magic .
the one thing that always seemed to get me into more trouble than just killing people for money ever had .
my baby sister was the only thing that was keeping me going .
but the most curious thing about her was the tattoo .
her green eyes moved slowly over the interior , checking out every single thing inside , from the floor and walls to the long counter to the swinging doors that led to the back of the restaurant .
owen 's voice was the last thing that i remembered hearing before the world went completely cold , dead , and black .
collateral damage was one thing i 'd always avoided as an assassin .
but the most striking thing about mab was her eyes - two bottomless black pools that seemed to suck up all the available light in the room instead of reflecting it back .
but perhaps the thing that most appealed to me about owen was his personality - and complete acceptance of me .
the only thing that suggested there might be something of interest inside was the rune that hung over the entrance - a heart with an arrow through it .
finn also excelled at digging into people and finding out every little thing about them , from where they got their teeth cleaned to how much money they had stashed in their safety deposit box to how many bodies they had buried in their backyards .
he might put on a charming facade , but if there was one thing that made him uncomfortable , it was talking about his own emotions .
the only thing he was getting tonight was dead .
` ` the only thing that 's growing on you , lane , is your ego . ''
survival was the only thing that ever really mattered in the end .
for one thing , my luck could never be that good .
but now was not the time to show weakness , because i was dealing with mab , and there was only one thing that the fire elemental respected - strength .
` ` that 's the thing that 's always bugged me about the greeks and prophecies in general .
if there was one thing the old man had taught me , it was that it did n't matter how you killed your opponent , as long as she was dead and you were n't when the bleeding was done .
my magic was the only thing i was aware of , surging through me , building and building and building toward something spectacular- my body burst into silver flames .
cashed in my bounty on detective bria coolidge first thing .
the good thing about standing next to sophia was that it made everyone forget about me .
charity was one thing that assassins , even semiretired assassins like me , could n't afford to have too much of .
still , despite the peace and quiet , something about our hike was bothering me , some nagging little thing that i could n't put my finger on .
` ` the great thing about throwing a press conference to announce your new multimillion - dollar casino is that you have to actually invite the press .
now , the only thing i saw in his gaze was anger .
that 's the other thing i love about you - you let me do what needs to be done to help other people . ''
for one thing , i kept hearing people talk , men and women chattering on and on like a flock of seagulls , each one crying out , one right after another .
but if there was one thing i was good at , it was learning from my mistakes .
the surprising thing was that i did n't sense any judgment or rancor in him .
that was the other strange thing about tonight .
funny thing about that guy .
` ` ah , but money 's not the only thing i can offer you .
the only thing that gave him away was a faint narrowing of his eyes .
and if there 's one thing you should know about me , it 's this - that i take care of the people i love , no matter what . ''
` ` and there 's one more interesting thing about salina and her hubbies .
the only thing soft about salina was her hair , which cascaded down her back in rippling blond waves , reminding me of the water she could so easily control .
but the truly remarkable thing was that she projected such absolute , utter sincerity as she spun her web of lies , like everyone she 'd hurt had done her some grievous wrong and she was just making things right , no matter how horrible and deadly her own actions were .
the only thing we could change was the future .
` ` one of the things that bothers me the most is that you had finn pull a gun on me , '' owen said , his violet eyes harsh and accusing .
the fact that she was dead and i was n't was the only thing that really mattered to me .
but the most interesting thing about him was the fact that he was wearing the dark blue uniform of one of the museum 's security guards - one that did n't quite fit .
he did n't have any i d on him , and the only thing of real value or interest was the leather utility belt he wore .
i reached for more of my magic and let myself sink even deeper into the stone , straining to hear every single thing i could from the marbles walls , every harsh note , every soft whisper , every sly murmur .
finn might be selfish , flighty , and infuriating and have an inflated sense of his own self - worth , but if there was one thing i could always count on , it was for him to be there when the chips were down - and they were certainly down tonight .
besides , if there 's one thing i ' m always interested in , it 's increasing my profit margin .
the only thing saving me right now was my stone magic and the hard shell of my skin , but that would n't last long under a beating like this .
and that his forgiveness was n't the only thing i wanted from owen - that i needed his acceptance too .
that was the other thing i 'd noticed as i 'd searched the house : he was very meticulous .
` ` one thing i admire about you , jonah , is your sense of self - preservation , '' i said .
` ` that 's the really fascinating thing about all of this - what you wanted her to steal . ''
that was the one thing about owen that continually surprised and scared me , just how well he could see past my usual indifferent mask and suss out my true , buried emotions .
but the most interesting thing about warren t. fox was the rifle that he had casually propped up on his shoulder , as though it was perfectly normal for him to be standing by the side of the road holding a gun .
i embraced the rage until it was the only thing thrumming through my body - along with the will to survive .
the thing about mountain moonshine that made it so irresistible to some folks was the high alcohol content .
but the good thing about nasty surprises like booby traps was that they could work both ways - like helping me thin out the murderous herd thundering through the forest behind me .
i think that 's the thing that i love the most about you . ''
the only thing missing from the restaurant was sophia .
` ` that 's the funny thing about fire , '' she said .
i might have lost sight of it in the forest , but if there was one thing that all my years as the spider , all the battles , all the brushes with my own death , had taught me , then it was this .
besides vaughn 's abuse of charlotte , his magic was the other most troubling thing about him and the one that could be the most dangerous when i finally went in for the kill .
another thing that made me want to kill him .
that was another thing fletcher had taught me .
after tonight , i will be the last thing on his mind . ''
sebastian 's handsome , determined face was the last thing i saw before i shut the book .
in fact , the only thing that was similar was the thick persian rugs that covered the floors .
because if there was one thing that i could not afford to do , it was to draw attention to myself from the likes of mab monroe or let her know that i could feel her magic .
if there 's one thing that assassins have , it 's access to other people 's secrets . ''
but in their places rose one thing , stronger than all that i 'd felt for him before : a cold , vicious , unending desire to kill him for every low - down , dirty , rotten thing he 'd done .
the only thing sebastian wanted to teach anyone about was pain .
the good thing about being trapped inside for so long was that it gave my body time to flush the last of the drugged champagne out of my system .
right now , the element of surprise was the only thing i had going for me , and i did n't want to lose it .
the only thing that hurt worse than that was knowing that i 'd taken charlotte 's father away from her , the same way my mother and sisters had been taken away from me .
the only thing that was keeping me from collapsing right now was the desire not to dirty up one of jo - jo 's guest beds with all the filth that covered me .
i had n't forgotten one thing about him , but it had still been like a kick to the gut to see his smiling face , frozen in time .
but the thing that bothered me the most was bria 's smile - a cold , cruel , satisfied expression i 'd never seen her wear before .
he said the last word with obvious relish , then paused and stared at me , doing that weird looking - right - through - me thing again .
if there was one thing i was good at , it was waiting , and there would be plenty of time to kill beauregard benson later .
but i did n't care , and if there was one thing that i was good at , it was surviving impossible situations and leaving the bodies of my enemies strewn behind in my wake .
the first thing he pulled out was a brick of cash .
` ` that ca n't be the first thing . ''
the last thing i needed was to bleed all over unicorn lane .
wolves got that perfect memory thing .
manual dexterity - just about the only thing i was good at .
that 's the thing to remember about gods : they always have someone to fight .
the good thing about chicken is that it 's hard to disguise dog meat as a chicken wing .
back then the only thing that kept me going was knowledge that the pain would eventually end .
the last thing i needed was to set curran and the hyenas on a collision course .
he was the closest thing to a partner i had .
the only thing certain about him was power .
greg feldman was my legal guardian and the closest thing to a family i ' ve had for many years .
the thing about a lone wolf ?
dealing with intruders was the next to last thing on my want - to - do list this morning , the last thing being anything that involved werewolves .
dealing with intruders was the next to last thing on my want - to - do list this morning , the last thing being anything that involved werewolves .
the last thing i needed was her getting hurt .
if there was one thing about david that always got my back up , it was his holier - than - thou attitude .
here 's the thing about ewan : his expertly mussed hair and designer clothes gave the impression he was just another party boy .
the last thing i need is a demon sleeping on my sofa .
the last thing i wanted was to discuss my fiber intake with a freaking demon .
the only thing different here was the lack of judeo - christian symbolism .
the only thing odd about it was the class , which was made up of vampires , mancies , a few faeries , and a couple of mortals .
the last thing i needed was clovis busting through my mental barriers .
the last thing i needed was a nymph with sunshine coming out of her ass tagging along with me .
funny thing was he did n't look crazy , despite his wild claims .
but one thing i 'd never done was sell myself out for anyone or anything .
the only thing i tasted was wine .
however , i was glad for one thing .
but now control was the last thing i had .
the first thing i learned in assassin school was never to let emotions get the best of you .
but rhea was right about one thing ; i would n't make the same mistake twice .
` ` i hate to break this to you , sister , but i 'd say immortality is the last thing you can take for granted given your lifestyle . ''
` ` the thing with chaos demons is they fight like berserkers .
` ` yeah , but maybe the mixed - blood thing has something to with it , '' i said , playing devil 's advocate .
` ` the only thing that will redeem me in orpheus 's eyes right now is being able to predict the outcome of the vote . ''
just about the only thing we have going for us right now is the element of surprise . ''
the last thing i needed was for him to piss off my blood supplier .
` ` his mouth should be the only thing moving . ''
one thing about rhea , she may have looked like an earth mother , but when it came to giving orders she 'd have given patton a run for his money .
funny thing about playing the hero- no one ever tells you how hard it is to be brave when you 're scared shitless .
peace is the last thing cain wants . ''
so even though it pained me to go behind my sister 's back , i knew that tough love was the only thing that would save my sister from herself .
the last thing i needed was to endure that harpy 's attention .
` ` sabina , time is a fluid thing . ''
still , the two men also had a sort of fragile mutual respect thing going - the type that naturally builds when you ' ve fought side by side .
judging from the heat the mancy was shooting at me , sleep was the last thing on his mind .
the last thing i saw before we exited the area was cain dancing down the steps like a crazy man .
that 's the great thing about mortals .
in fact , the only thing i could hear was my harsh breaths and my boots crunching on the ground .
predictions were kind of her thing .
the last thing i wanted was to wade into the sea of humanity clogging bourbon street to get to zen 's shop .
money is a funny thing .
there is this thing called legacy .
curses were the second thing you learned , right behind yes , no , help , stop , and where is the bathroom ?
hugh 's one - night stands were the last thing on my need - to - know list .
the taste of him , the feel of his lips as his mouth covered mine , the way he made the world fade , as if kissing me were the only thing that existed in his life , pulled me right back through time , before the castle , before hugh , and before lorelei .
my face will be the last thing you 'll see before you die . '
the only thing i could smell was the troll blood staining our shoes .
algiz , one of the oldest runes , associated with sedge grass , and thor , and heimdall , and a number of other things depending on who you asked and which runic alphabet you used .
the first thing you noticed about barabas was his hair .
she was kind and wonderful , beautiful and sweet ; she was all those things i wanted in a parent as a child .
` ` that 's a funny thing about christianity ; when the dead god 's priests came to europe , they made all the old gods into devils .
the only good thing about it is going home . ''
the last thing i wanted was something big with teeth the size of vik 's fingers jumping at me from above .
the last thing i remembered before passing out was the sound of his tail sweeping the rug .
the thing is , people have a remarkable potential to injure you , but they also have a great power to help you heal .
see , in our world , we have this pesky thing called reality .
my face will be the last thing you 'll see before you die . ''
that whole traveling through walls thing made most ghosts forget about what was appropriate and inappropriate behavior .
the closest thing i found was deena 's heavenly cheesecake , but i doubted that was the place .
` ` being a medium might sound glamorous , but creditors are only impressed with one thing , sweetness .
` ` the last thing you need to fret about is my feeling emasculated , kitten ; but talk is cheap , so i 'll be sure to show you later . ''
the only thing filling the room was my growing alarm .
` ` the only thing i regret about stopping to catch some sleep here is the lack of a normal shower , '' i sighed .
even though our relationship was nowhere near normal , over the past few years , don had become the closest thing to a father i 'd ever had .
` ` only thing new is there is nothing new , '' bones growled , taking a long swallow of his whiskey before continuing .
bones 's face was the first thing i saw when i resurfaced .
and then , with a victorious snicker , i tightened my grip and tumbled us into the river , his answering laugh the last thing i heard before the water closed over us .
last thing he needed was to be distracted wondering if i 'd bought the farm in the crash .
he bent me forward , his hands on my hips the only thing supporting me .
plus , that was the last thing i 'd care about , being crazed from the connection to the dead that i 'd absorbed from her ... ` ` holy shit ! ''
marie had found him by using the one thing that no one could hide from : ghosts .
the last thing i heard before blackness claimed me was , ` ` ... landing soon , crispin . ''
chapter sixteen his eyes were the first thing i became aware of , gray - green and lighted with emerald .
` ` another thing that makes this trip worthwhile , '' vlad commented , handing me a long dress .
the only thing i could focus on was the pain .
` ` not a thing wrong with it , '' he pronounced .
the other thing i discovered was how different it felt to be cut with silver versus another metal .
one thing the stress seemed to be good for was forcing myself awake and moving after dawn .
mencheres 's features announced him as egyptian , and he had that whole wannabe pharaoh thing going on with his regal bearing and waist - length black hair .
her blue eyes were the only thing familiar about her .
but all of them had one thing in common ; they were ravenous , and we were food .
chapter thirty - two dave 's face was the first thing i saw when my eyes opened .
if there was one thing he 'd learned in his century - plus of living , it was that honesty was a cornerstone in a relationship .
the only thing that could make your mouth more beautiful is if it were wrapped around my cock .
as twisted as it was , bones was the closest thing to a friend i 'd ever had .
the last thing i remembered was lying on the ground and kissing him ...
except for the one thing about me she had n't counted on .
opening my eyes , the first thing i saw was an arm wrapped around me , its pale color nearly identical to my own .
the only thing official about it was the red flashing light on the dashboard .
being underestimated was the greatest thing ever .
the only thing i admire about her is that she 's managed to keep a mostly straight face through this entire farce of a dedication . ''
but if there was one thing that folks in ashland responded to , it was cold , hard cash - or at least the promise of it .
but the thing about crying wolf was that the danger was always real and always waiting to gobble you up .
other than its sentimental value , the most important thing about the necklace was that it was made out of silverstone , just like the ring on my right index finger , which was also stamped with my spider rune .
the quiet was another thing that worried me .
if there was one thing i 'd come to know about madeline , it was that she always had a backup plan , usually two or three or four or more .
` ` the only thing you 're an expert at is being a weasel , '' i cut in , ignoring his flimsy justifications .
the only thing that stopped grayson from going in to try to save her was the gun that cop finally leveled at his head .
for as crooked , low - down , dirty , rotten , and double - dealing as the members of the ashland underworld were , they still respected one thing above all others - strength .
i had finally reclaimed the last thing that madeline had tried to take away from me , and it felt damn good .
the only thing that really helped was that the majority of the mysticals were already half lit , so while they partied to the enthralling beat , i watched and learned .
nostrils flared , his jaw clenched , he pulled his h*ps back , thrusting again , my body bowing as i cried out his name ; the only thing keeping me in place was the grip he had on my hair .
the only thing i think that kept ezra standing was the fact that the sheet had luckily moved with them , again covering their lower sections .
pearl snorted , swiftly walking to stand beside me while i tried hard not to stare at the slash of lipstick on her forehead ; antonio 's spell was the only thing keeping her together right now .
ezra 's emotional gift was the only thing keeping everyone from turning their attention on me .
i was pretty sure the only thing that kept this from becoming a real fight was the fact that they were father and son .
the only thing keeping me from doing so was brann 's sly antics for antagonizing his sister .
i had a hard enough time dealing with my own issues , so the last thing i wanted to do was deal with anyone else 's .
the first thing i noticed was the deep sapphire , hooded velvet jacket he wore .
the only thing , other than her money , i had left of her .
` ` the only thing i ' ve been doing this entire time is paying attention , '' ray complained , his arms up .
the last thing i heard before i popped out of existence completely was a small voice that cried , ` ` bye - bye , wolf . ''
the last thing i saw as my head disappeared was a dozen demons rounding the corner , a look of shared horror on all their glamoured faces .
the only thing that gave them away was their eyes .
it 's the only thing you detected keeping the real selene alive , but would n't the demons need her soul for the clone ?
being connected to you is the most important thing and i do n't give a shit about anything else . ''
` ` lili , you certainly went to great lengths to make me believe that the only thing you wanted was a ticket back to my plane , '' i said wryly .
the only thing that had given him away both times had been the golden fur that had sprouted along his arms .
i ' ve been doing this wolf thing for a long time .
the first thing i uncovered was her chest .
the only thing i have to rely on is my gut , which is made up of an extremely bossy she - wolf , and common sense .
the only thing marking her true age were her shrewd eyes , which were latched on mine .
feeling the rough texture of the wall was the only thing rooting me in place .
the most alarming thing , however , were her eyes .
the only thing that 's kept me alive was shifting into my wolf and knowing i had to get here to you .
` ` that smell thing i was just telling you about ? ''
` ` but it 's the only thing we have left .
sleep is the last thing on my mind .
` ` my life was saved by one thing only : the blood of an immortal .
i scented the air , but the only thing i could detect was the bitter scent of the winged devils .
i could not be so free , '' she said finally , ` ` if it was n't for one thing . ''
the first thing that caught my eye were the thousands of candles lining the walls of what was indeed a huge dome - shaped cavern , easily a hundred feet across .
this man was the closest thing to a grandfather i 'd ever known .
the only thing still visible was a slight red discoloration .
the subconscious was a powerful thing , and this had been an extremely traumatic event for her .
i had n't remembered to tell my father that bit of news , but my eye color was the last thing i 'd been thinking about .
the only thing keeping him out of me was the fact that we were both still wearing our pants .
the last thing you always heard after a recounting of one of his exploits was ` ` whatever you do , do n't f**k with connor dade . ''
he literally towered over me , but the weird thing was , i did n't feel threatened by him at all .
i did n't want to think about rourke , but he 'd been the only thing occupying my mind .
the first thing i became aware of was my wolf , who was crouched low in my mind , a ferocious growl issuing from her mouth .
brawling in this condition is the last thing on my list . ''
adrenaline was the only thing keeping me in the game .
he was taking a much - needed vacation and the last thing he wanted to think about was vampires .
it was the only thing that kept her from taking him by the hand and leading him back into the house and up the stairs into her bedroom .
that was another thing about women who were infatuated with vampires .
she frowned when she realized one thing had changed .
if there was one thing he had in abundance , it was time .
that was another good thing about being a vampire , vicki thought .
her beloved face was the last thing he saw before the dark sleep carried him into oblivion , the first thing he saw when he awoke .
her beloved face was the last thing he saw before the dark sleep carried him into oblivion , the first thing he saw when he awoke .
she gathered the other things he had selected -- the only thing he had rejected was the sports coat -- and carried them to dirk , who quickly rang up her purchases , accepted her credit card , and thanked her for shopping at sam 's .
it was the one thing he had in abundance .
if there was one thing she liked about this new world , it was shopping .
` ` it is not such a bad thing , being a vampire . ''
the only thing was , he liked having shannah around .
one thing she did remember was his promise that no matter what happened , he would keep her safe .
it was a frightening thing , tumbling uncontrollably into that abyss that was darker than dark .
his terror was a palpable thing as he struggled helplessly in ronan 's grasp .
it was part of their appeal , part of their preternatural glamour , the very thing that made it so hard for humans to resist them .
the first thing she noticed was the bed .
for one thing , vampires were vampires every day , or night , of the year , whereas werewolves were compelled to change only during the full moon .
her relief at seeing him was a palpable thing .
for one thing , it had hazel eyes .
she knew what that one thing was .
it was the last thing kay remembered until she woke up in hell .
she had been right about one thing : he had n't liked the taste of her blood .
of course , the main thing he liked about the city was the constant influx of fresh prey .
one thing she had missed about being home was running with the pack during the full moon .
sitting up , the first thing he saw was kay , staring out the window .
when kay opened her eyes , the first thing she saw was gideon standing in the doorway .
well , there was one good thing about it , he mused .
one good thing about being a vampire , his wounds healed quickly , even those made by silver .
probably the whole male macho thing .
their unease was a palpable thing in the taut silence .
he was n't entirely sure what that entailed , but one thing he did know was that her pack would expect her to live with them from now on , and he was n't certain how he felt about that .
if there was one thing she had learned , it was that a handsome visage did n't always guarantee a pleasing personality .
if there was one thing about the master of the city that annoyed erik more than anything else , it was that , right or wrong , rhys always managed to get things done the way he wanted .
if there was one thing he had learned in his long years as a vampire , it was patience .
daisy fought her way through the smothering darkness and when she opened her eyes , the first thing she saw was erik sitting beside her on the bed , his brow creased with worry .
the main thing he remembered from his first night as a vampire was a horrible thirst , but daisy did n't seem to be plagued by that , perhaps because , in desperation , he had given her as much of his blood as she could hold .
if there was one thing about women he was certain of - it was that the female was always deadlier and more cunning than the male .
it was the one thing that bothered him about being a vampire .
it was the one thing he had always envied about his friend , delacourt .
one thing about vampire guests , megan thought as she tried to relax , she did n't have to worry about offering them refreshments .
the only thing left intact was a small portion of the brick fireplace .
mr . parker was a sweetheart about most things , but the one thing he frowned on was personal calls at work , so megan always kept her cell phone off .
the last thing she wanted to do was explain why she was crying .
you are the only thing in my life that matters .
the last thing she remembered was falling asleep in drake 's arms .
the first thing she saw was drake .
clad in a simple pale pink dress that outlined a figure bordering on perfection and a pair of white heels that did wonderful things for her long , shapely legs , she quickly attracted the admiring gaze of every man in the place , and the envy of every woman .
the first thing she noticed was the silence .
for one thing , you 're only half vampire .
the one thing she would never forget , she thought as she crawled into bed , the one truth that would forever remain engraved in her mind and her heart , was the knowledge that they both loved her enough to risk their lives for her .
the last thing she remembered was falling asleep in zack 's arms .
for one thing , meg had almost died while saving sam from those men .
it was the only thing that could explain the excessive aggression the wolf had displayed when meg was brought to the hospital .
for one thing , he would lose a good worker .
if blood prophets started out as intuits , maybe that 's also an important thing to know about people like me . ''
for one thing , she had fur instead of hair and her ears were still wolf .
for one thing , he was n't dressed like a deliveryman .
for one thing , none of the other leaders had seen a cassandra sangue speak prophecy .
the only thing the mail and packages she 'd signed for had in common was they all said lakeside courtyard .
as he walked up to the counter , the first thing he noticed was the woman 's hair .
that was n't the only thing about her that bothered him .
` ` that 's the other thing about working for the others .
` ` this safety line for adventure buddies is a new thing you learned from meg ? ''
` ` one thing ties each of these attacks to us : some crows were killed near each of the villages a day or two before the attack took place .
the only thing she would gain from fighting was her own sense of being a person instead of a thing , because the end would be the same .
breathing in the earthy smell of stored hay , kylie added another thing she 'd learned about her powers .
as the spirits re - gathered around the rogue , mario roared again and the sound of his disappointment and agony was the last thing she heard before the icy throbbing in her body became too much .
chapter twenty - one the thing about sweet revenge was it was never as sweet in hindsight .
the only thing that moved on her was her eyes as she scanned the crowd , obviously looking for nikki .
you are the only thing that matters to me . ''
and this whole sword thing and being a warrior is part of who you are . ''
the only thing keeping kylie from smiling were the remnants of the vision and the realization that she did n't have a clue how to deal with jenny .
the only thing that stopped her was the spirit standing there repeating the same words over and over again .
and she 'd been right about one thing .
it was , della thought , the thing she hated most about being a vamp .
the last thing della remembered was falling against the big beast and thinking that even as a lion , steve smelled like some spicy male soap .
she wanted to say no , but she knew the blood was the only thing that would help her .
she ordered french onion soup , about the one thing she could actually enjoy , and a diet coke .
add the whole good - looking thing and him being such an awesome kisser to the scenario , and her heart had a welcome mat ready to toss down , a marching band , and banners with flashy letters reading , come on in .
i mean , at first the spirit had the whole zombie thing going on - hanging flesh , and worms - but then it changed .
the thing that mattered was that they 'd made up .
` ` maybe that 's what it means , the whole chameleon thing .
he was n't completely older - guy hot like burnett , maybe because he was a tad older , but he had the whole distinguished - looking thing down pat .
having a pattern that says you 're one thing when you 're not .
the only thing she felt was an icy cold leaking from beneath the bed skirt .
the last thing kylie wanted to do was just blurt out the news .
the kiss was the last thing kylie thought about when she drifted off to sleep .
someday she hoped to be able to say that with a total sense of pride , but right now it seemed to be just one more thing making her different from everyone else .
the only thing that felt heavy about her was her heart .
the last thing i need is to bring more suspicion on shadow falls .
but i 'd like one thing in my life to feel ... grounded .
the last thing she wanted was to see him in her dreams .
a few minutes later , kylie walked out fully dressed , hair combed , and the only thing she 'd added in honor of their company was a touch of lip gloss .
that was the thing about derek .
only one thing she wanted .
it was another thing she had gotten from him - the tenor of her laugh .
that was the thing about miranda .
actually , you were the only thing i did n't want to forget about .
the last thing kylie wanted now was for miranda and della to start smacking each other around verbally .
the thought of going there with someone who could feel the same thing kylie did seemed nice .
the first thing she noticed was that he looked like her dad again .
the last thing she wanted was to piss these freaks off .
` ` is that the eyebrow - twitching thing ? ''
the girl seemed even shyer than kylie and the last thing kylie wanted was for her to get hel because of something kylie had talked her into doing .
she told herself it was simply a male thing , that most men did n't cal unless they had something to say .
that 's the thing about miracles .
another thing they had in common that kylie had n't realized .
sometimes della wondered if she 'd really been obstinate then , or if the name had just been another thing for her to live up to .
the first thing she saw was the flowers .
their sympathy and understanding was the only thing keeping her together sometimes .
the thing she had n't mentioned yet was all the reborn stuff - that would have to wait for another day - too much spilling at one time could cripple a vampire .
kylie asked , stuck on that , and with good reason - ghosts were kylie 's thing .
it 's this whole bond thing .
` ` you know , the only thing better than hearing your raspy morning voice , would be waking up beside you .
but you told us about the bond thing , but ... did anything happen with chase tonight ?
the only thing della needed was to be left alone .
it was one thing having parents who were disappointed in you because they did n't know you were vampire , but another to have a mom who just thought you sucked for real .
` ` ... if there 's one thing burnett looks for in an agent , it 's obedience .
her dark hair was the only thing about her that did n't look dead .
define ` ` thing , '' her heart screamed out as she placed her hand in his .
the last thing she wanted was for kylie 's mom to see her drinking it .
and it 's not going to change a damn thing . ''
the last thing della wanted was to go through chan 's death again , but she 'd told them she would explain .
the last thing she wanted was to get this yanked from her .
the last thing she wanted was to be attached to the hip of the panty perv .
the one thing della hated more than taking a challenge she thought she 'd lose was walking away from one without trying .
della told herself to say calm , but calm was the last thing she felt .
his breath came hard and fast , and his eyes glittered with the same thing she felt , desire .
she had the same thing that killed him .
not that there was one thing charming about the guy .
the last thing he saw before he passed out again was the smoke coming from part of the wreckage .
for one thing , he really pissed off warrior luken and you know how good - natured he is . ''
the only thing that kept him from dragging her into his arms once more was that jean - pierre stood nearby .
the last thing she wanted was her ridiculous hair in her food .
vela met endelle 's wooded eyes and saw her compassion , the thing that always surprised her about endelle , that beneath her outrageous exterior , and way beyond her profane mouth , resided a woman of tremendous compassion .
he did n't see anyone for miles , and the last thing he needed now was to have to wait all night to get into her dorm .
fear was a thing of the past , a thing she had shed , had left behind with her human body .
the only thing she remembered was her crazy mermaid dream - and even that was becoming a bit foggy to her .
finally , her head , the last thing to get through the window and then she hung there clutching the window sill by her hands and looking down with her eyes at the floor below her .
he was the only thing she cared about and she would much rather look down on him from heaven than watch him die right there , in her arms .
she felt her eyes roll back into her head and the last thing she remembered hearing , before her world went dark , was benji 's voice .
and with her last glimmer of vision , the last thing she saw was benji 's fangs protracting , long and narrow , as he lowered his head and brought them down , right for her neck .
the good thing about leggings , rachel thought , was that no matter how many ice cream cones she had they 'd always fit .
the last thing she wanted was to show up with too much makeup , or overdressed .
it was the most exquisite thing he 'd ever felt as it meant she was alive , or if not alive in the human sense , at least she was with them again .
but if there was one thing he 'd learned in his lengthy existence it was that life never went as planned .
for a short time they were one being , one monster , and they both coveted one thing .
one thing she had n't missed about being out in the world was the women that constantly threw themselves at devon .
it was the last thing in the world she had expected this town to look like .
no matter how frightening and uncertain it was , she would n't change one thing about it .
more shadows began to emerge from the woods ; their eyes were the most vibrant thing about them as they drifted across the snow toward the elders that had recruited them .
it was the one thing about her new life that she still was n't able to control .
it was another thing she had n't felt until now , but her feet were bruised , cut , and bleeding .
his grin was the most beloved , cherished thing she had ever seen .
the last thing in the world she wanted was to hurt him further .
the last thing that either one of them wanted was to go back into that hell hole .
the right door had been ripped from two of its hinges ; it hung at an awkward angle , the bottom hinge the only thing keeping it attached to the wall .
she blinked in startled surprise at his broad back , the only thing she could see now .
it was a weird thing to have .
thrusting open the door , the first thing he noticed were the loud snores issuing from chris .
there was only one thing he cared about at the moment , only one thing he could feel , and that was cassie .
there was only one thing he cared about at the moment , only one thing he could feel , and that was cassie .
though they hated her now , the last thing she wanted was for one of them to get hurt , for one of them to experience the heart wrenching loss that clung to her .
he almost slipped the phone back in his pocket , but she would only worry if he did n't answer , and the last thing he wanted was to cause her anymore stress .
` ` why did n't you tell me about the mate thing ? ''
chris shook his head ; the only thing he knew for sure was that he was not ready to face the loss of his best friend , or the loss of his own life for that matter .
his memory was the only thing that had kept her going , the only thing that kept her even remotely sane in this hellish existence of pain and misery into which she had been thrust .
that faith was the only thing getting her through this , the only thing keeping her sane .
that faith was the only thing getting her through this , the only thing keeping her sane .
cassie 's scrubs were little protection against the howling wind , her bare feet froze immediately , but it was the most wonderful thing she had ever felt in her life .
her golden hair , spread out like a fan around her , was the most vivid thing in the entire room .
luther 's training was the only thing that had saved her from julian 's attack .
the sound of her voice was the sweetest thing he had ever heard .
the one thing she had despised since she had discovered what she truly was .
he was the only thing she saw ; he became the only thing in the room as every cell in her being focused upon him .
he was the only thing she saw ; he became the only thing in the room as every cell in her being focused upon him .
though premonitions were a handy thing to have for a lot of things , they would not help him .
she knew she should be afraid of what he was saying , she should be completely against it considering what she was ; to have a vampire feeding from her should be the last thing in the world that she wanted .
having devon by her side was the only thing that kept her consistently going .
the last thing she wanted was to cause him anymore distress .
devon braced himself , knowing that isla was already well aware of what she wanted to say , but one thing she had always loved was drama , and torturing her victims .
the last thing cassie wanted was for her grandma to see her like this .
the only thing that broke the profound silence was the chiming of her grandmother 's cherished grandfather clock .
the only thing that got her moving was the thought that her grandmother would be disappointed in her if she was rude to them .
` ` i ' m a teenage boy cassandra , there is no such thing as a little much to me .
cassie had no doubt that he could do it , the only thing she doubted was that he would ever get the time he needed to devote to it .
the last thing she wanted was to be chosen for this task .
cassie nodded , though the last thing she wanted was to ever have to come back here .
he was the closest thing to a father she had , and right now he looked completely terrified for her .
the last thing she wanted was to go to another class , but she could not walk out of school with him , like she longed to do .
the last thing she cared about was homecoming , or being queen .
it 's amazing cassie , that 's the only way i can describe it , and it 's the only thing that gets through . ''
the first thing he recognized was the young woman in the arms of the monster .
the only thing he cared about right now was saving her life .
the only thing allowing him to hang on was the fact that he knew she was still alive , and that he could find her .
` ` she is my daughter , i created her , the circumstances of her life and her family have formed her , and one thing she understands and accepts is sacrifice .
touching him and holding him now was the best thing she 'd ever felt .
a small breath escaped her , he was the only thing she could see , the only thing she could feel as he kissed her firmly , bit into his wrist and offered his blood to her .
a small breath escaped her , he was the only thing she could see , the only thing she could feel as he kissed her firmly , bit into his wrist and offered his blood to her .
it 's the only thing i 'll have left of you , to do what you would expect of me , to do what would make you proud .
she hugged maggie afterward ; grateful to see the young girl that had been the closest thing to a friend she 'd had while a blood slave .
the last thing she wanted was to have max hurt because of her again , but with the way that he was looking at her she felt it was inevitable .
the only thing that had changed was she was sadder and more mature than she had been before going into the palace , and william was angrier .
and the last thing she wanted was for either of them to be hurt .
and if there was one thing she was becoming very tired of , it was being coddled .
the last thing she wanted was to be trapped within the caves again , but that was where everyone had retreated to in the hope that they would stay safe .
the one thing she had going for her was that her thin build made her appear weak and helpless , when she was anything but .
though she was often defiant , confident and fearless with the prince those three things had no place here .
the only thing holding her back was that she wanted to extract revenge upon all of them , not just the bitch before her .
the gold leash was the brightest thing about the poor victims that trudged behind their masters .
it was wonderful to be able to see once again , but the best thing was being able to see her .
he was fighting so hard against himself , restraining himself because he was afraid that he might hurt her , when she was willingly offering him the one thing he needed most .
they were the only words running through her head , the only thing she could concentrate on .
the last thing she needed was for it to catch fire .
if there was one thing he knew , it was how to appeal to female vanity .
that was another thing about melly 's newfound love match .
now that she had stepped inside , the first thing that struck her about the chamber was the smell permeating the air .
and then he followed you to italy , and i thought- '' ` ` no , indeed , '' victoria replied politely , thinking that the only off - putting thing about mr . starcasset was that he 'd sneaked into her bedchamber during that very same house party - after inviting vampires to the estate .
as victoria left the room , the last thing she heard was , ` ` -so glad to see her get out with young people her own age .
it would be hard to believe that george was the daytime vampire ... for the one thing the undead did n't have was a conscience .
the other unique thing about the knife was that for perhaps another inch past the hand guard , the blade itself was covered with the same silver as the handle , so that victoria could wrap her fingers around the hand guard and allow the blade to protrude between them without cutting herself .
the last thing she wanted was to be groping around max 's long , powerful body .
it was an odd thing about staking a vampire : not only did the creature 's flesh and person disintegrate , but also all of his personal belongings - clothing or anything else on his body .
but the thing that bothered her most about the situation was that max had been right .
and as the door closed behind them , the last thing he heard was a low , feminine laugh filled with pleasure .
` ` the only thing predictable about you is that you consistently appear when you suppose i least expect it .
victoria glanced about the room to find escape ; the last thing she needed this night was to be commandeered by another young and foolish girl .
` ` i am feeling much more the thing , thank you very much . ''
the last thing she needed - or wanted - was comfort .
the only thing that stayed with her was the fact that she lay in her aunt 's blood , and that she hated max .
` ` is that the only thing that makes them different from other vampires ? ''
the only thing that kept her from being apprehensive was the knowledge that he was n't a vampire .
the only disconcerting thing about the chamber was the fact that there were no windows - and only one exit .
` ` victoria , i love you and you will be my wife , but one thing i can not tolerate is dishonesty . ''
and ... the thing that bothered her most - the things , actually - were , first , that he did not deny it ; and second , that he seemed to know they 'd arrived just before the carriage had stopped .
the only good thing about the wound was that the scent of blood would attract any other vampires , making it much easier for her and max to finish their job and get back to the carriage .
` ` no , in fact , i am not feeling quite the thing . ''
one thing he knew he could not do , yet , was to face victoria .
` ` that is another thing about you , maximilian ... you are the only one to give me pleasure and pain , rolled into one . ''
the only thing wrong with him now was that he was being driven mad by desperation .
first thing he noticed was a rivulet of water running along the gangway between the two row houses , a clear , slow trickle , as from a broken pipe .
but the one thing i never got out of it was the serenity to accept the things i can not change . ''
the autumn day was cortainly warm onough , but with the mad flu , amusomont was the last thing on pooplo 's minds .
if ho pulled it looso , the blooding would be savago -- and right now , bloed was the last thing ho wanted to smoll of .
ho had chains , too , but tonight ho had loft his nockwoar back at his crib ; it 's the first thing dosporato pooplo grab whon thoy know thoy'ro about to be murdorod .
it folt vaguoly anxious for this all to como to fruition , but ono thing the mastor did not lack was conviction .
the ono thing she had always hated about trains and subways : you can never soo out the front windows .
hor clothos were ono thing , but oph know that nora would never go anywhoro without hor uv lamp , unloss she had no choico .
the hivo was alorted to his prosonco , which moant only ono thing .
the worst thing about this nows was how much sonso it mado .
` ` if thoro 's ono thing you should have loarned sinco this torriblo thing startod , it 's that nothing is guarantood .
and prodictability in ono 's rival was a goed thing .
that was the only thing saving thom right now .
werewolf justice meant one thing in a homicide or attempted homicide - death .
the last thing any of us remember is the explosion knocking us into the dirt .
` ` the only thing left is a pure - blood , '' ashe pointed out .
` ` the bad thing about this is we ca n't play frisbee like we usually do , '' sali grinned as he smoothed sunscreen on wynn 's back .
ashe agreed with edward - he 'd noticed the same thing about luanne .
the thing ashe liked most about the winter months was that his dad was up earlier in the evenings .
the last thing i need right now is for someone to tell me that it 's not somebody else 's son they found dead in a field . ''
* * * ` ` ashe , '' mrs . rocklin called on him first thing .
` ` the other thing , '' i added , ` ` is that unless it is blocked with power somehow , a vampire will always know when dawn approaches . ''
we only broke twice during the lengthy day ; blood substitute was handed out both times and i drank it with the rest of them , although it did n't do a thing to help with my exhaustion .
the only thing different about him was that he was sober . ''
the other thing i knew , even if she barely knew herself , was that she was going to become a parent herself .
flavio had owned el diablo on earth and it was pretty much the same thing .
the only thing i found in common with all the disappearances was that all the victims had been going to the beach .
` ` the best thing about your vampirism is that any blood will do to replenish what you have , '' he said , ignoring my question .
there was one more thing i collected before heading toward their village and the schmuck who 'd sent them .
he pulled his arms around me and they were warm , thick with muscle and the best thing in the world right then .
the only thing that 's changed is your ability to walk in daylight .
many of the ra'ak were now turning their heads - their eyes were the most sensitive and vulnerable thing about them .
the other thing i 'd smelled , though , was a rat .
the only thing his skin did n't have was fluffy white clouds floating through it .
he lost moments as his consciousness became a fleeting thing , coming and going with the sounds of shouting and sirens , and then periods of blankness .
my toiletries were the only thing i left out .
one thing about being a vampire is that you never toss and turn .
the thing that bothered me , however , was that he was shielded somehow , just as he 'd been the first time i 'd seen him .
they had that vampire non - expression thing going on , too .
` ` winkler , the one thing i ' m generally thankful for regarding the rejuvenating sleep is that i do n't dream .
tony was shouting my name and that was the only thing that kept me from racing after xenides .
wondering if all vampires had that ` ` come '' thing down pat , i followed along behind , almost trotting to keep up with him .
but that was n't the only thing i was feeling at the moment .
the last thing i put on before conking out at sunrise was socks .
the only thing that we had in common was the successful defense against lester briggs , bart orford and their horde of henchwolves .
that brief glimpse of the impossible , trailed by the slightest moment of self - delusion , was the last thing i remembered before i died .
the other thing i noticed as he drew near , and it almost knocked me to my knees , was the smell .
i was heading to the bookstore , first thing .
girls were the last thing on my mind .
i bet when eldest posed for his portrait , he was reveling in the one thing i ca n't stand about life aboard the ship : the perfect evenness of everything .
` ` the only thing keeping us close to sane is the mental meds , '' victria adds .
for one thing , they 're shorter .
she says it like productivity is holy , the only thing worth having .
he was the closest thing to a father i had .
if there 's one thing i do n't have any more of , it 's hope .
the only thing he ever really gave me .
the thing is - there 's something different about this clue .
` ` the thing that makes me so upset , '' victria continues , ` ` is that i never had a chance to tell him .
the only thing about my body that works is my eyes , and they are filled with the image before them .
8 : elder the first thing i notice is the doubt etched on the man 's face .
i look down at the hand my mother still holds , and it 's not until i do so that i realize my body is answering for me : the last thing i remember is holding the flower elder gave me .
20 : elder the first thing i feel when i see amy running up the steps to the buildings on the second level , her red hair swishing behind her , is relief .
the second thing i feel is fear .
maybe the only thing that makes that fact bearable is the idea that death is the only way we can return to the stars .
news of lorin 's disappearance had spread quickly among my people , but to hear that she 's dead - that 's another thing entirely .
we each notice a different thing .
the closest thing i can find are cans of oxygen strapped to the wall of the boarding chamber , but that does me no good .
but the thing that really stayed with me was the way the captain went down with the ship .
in fact , up until my thirteenth birthday , i really only knew one thing about my parents : that they had a twisted sense of humor .
` ` now , '' he said , ` ` you might want to take off those oculator 's lenses - they 're the only thing that makes you distinctive right now . ''
you see , that is the sad , sorry , terrible thing about sarcasm .
for one thing , they were n't very big .
only one thing about him deviated from what i would have expected : he was huge .
the normalcy - challenged thing that i had noticed was actually not all that odd , all things considered .
that was one thing that old - style wooden doors had over the more refined american versions .
in fact , the only abnormal thing about me were the blue glasses i was wearing .
there was one thing about hanging around with bastille - it was teaching me when to hold my tongue .
you see , air is a really nifty thing .
the thing about air is , you do n't really think about it until ( a ) you do n't have enough or ( b ) you have way too much of it .
' well , they 're undead wraiths , for one thing , ' he said , ' though it 's not really nice to be prejudiced against people because of their race . '
the thing is , grandpa smedry tended to place little value on offensive lenses .
' the thing is , the more powerful a talent is , the harder it is to control .
' why is it , ' kaz said , ' that with the others , the first thing you described about them was their job or their personality ?
yet , with me , the first thing you mentioned was my height ? '
my bias against librarians was n't the only thing making me distrust shasta .
the thing is , you never know who is going to be reading your books .
' bastille , i ' m some kind of freaky noble thing myself .
however , i was still dealing with the fact that i 'd betrayed bastille , that i 'd just risked being turned into a pile of goo , and that the only thing keeping me from being cut apart by a bunch of territorial knights was my last name .
automatic air - conditioning , for one thing , and- ' ' no , ' mallo said .
if a lot of them feel the same thing at once , i will notice it .
he shakes his head , a little dazed.the first thing i notice is his hair - it 's the first thing i notice about everyone .
he shakes his head , a little dazed.the first thing i notice is his hair - it 's the first thing i notice about everyone .
that 's one thing i like about my new friends .
` ` well , for one thing , he looks like a ken doll .
neither of us has mentioned anything about that weekend , and even though we still sit next to each other at meals , there 's now this thing between us .
there 's only one thing i do n't love about him .
how can i be afraid of being alone , if it 's the only thing i ' ve been lately ?
` ` you 're the only thing i ' ve talked about all year .
he 's the other thing i like about anna .
` ` actually , calliope has some skating thing .
` ` your hair is doing the swoopy thing . ''
the parking in this city , for one thing .
johnny ocampo - amphetamine 's drummer , max 's roommate -works at amoeba records , the one thing i do love about this neighborhood .
is it that nice - guy thing ?
it is - and i do n't use this expression lightly - the gayest thing about him .
here 's the thing about cricket bell .
the first thing that registers is his height , but it 's quickly followed by recognition of his energy .
` ` the important thing is to not make the same mistake twice . ''
because that 's the thing about depression .
once he got there , though , the future was the last thing on his mind .
the last thing elijah wants to talk about is danny .
popularity : an analysis popularity 's a weird thing .
it 's one weird thing about him but definitely not the only one .
another infuriating thing about kent : he acts like the world is one big , shiny present he gets to unwrap every morning .
that 's my favorite thing about him .
that 's another nice thing about being popular : you do n't have to pay any attention to the people paying attention to you .
my gyno does the same thing when i go in for an exam , so one of them has to be doing it wrong .
the thing about deja vu is that it has always passed really quickly - thirty seconds , a minute at most .
the last thing in the world i need right now is pity from kent mcfuller , and i shove back into the hallway .
the last thing i need is to morph into one of those people who 's always wearing black and doodling guns and bombs on her notebook .
even when you 're dead , it 's the only thing that keeps you alive .
another thing making my mood foul is the ten - minute screaming match i had with my mother before storming out of the house .
that 's another thing i like about him : he 's never really mad .
lunch is prime bathroom traffic time - everyone needs to reapply lip gloss , complain about feeling fat , threaten to upchuck in one of the stalls - and the last thing i need right now is a steady stream of stupid .
my mind does that thing where it hiccups and then goes totally blank .
that 's a funny thing : you think , when awful things happen , everything else just stops , like you would forget to pee and eat and get thirsty , but it 's not really true .
that 's the thing about best friends .
that 's another thing that strikes me as funny : that my eight - year - old sister is braver than i am .
suddenly the thing i want most of all is to get out of there .
the last thing i need is to explain myself to him .
the only thing slightly out of the ordinary is the window .
that 's the very worst thing about all of this , a feeling of desperate hopelessness , and i realize my question to elody is the question that 's been tearing me up all along .
the last thing i need is for amy and ally to get into it .
the only thing you can see : headlights , size , a sense of power .
the only thing that 's missing is ally .
i wish i could memorize every single thing about him .
i used to think it was the cutest thing when he did this ; now it 's a bit like watching a linebacker try to samba .
he brushes a tear away from the corner of my eye with his thumb , his eyes searching my face , doing the thing where i feel like he 's turning me inside out and looking straight into my heart .
she takes a quick step backward as i pick up speed , pinwheeling my arms to keep from toppling over on the ice , her face coming alive when she sees me , full of anger and fear and that other thing .
sort of my thing , because it puts people at ease , being able to collectively roll their eyes at the guy in charge .
the funny thing about gold is how quickly it can tarnish .
4 the one interesting thing about being signed up for speech and debate was that i 'd been given a humanities odd schedule .
she was right though , about the sunlight thing .
pale skin , black clothes , no lunch , and that whole brooding thing ?
i told her how i 'd spent nearly two weeks in the hospital while the rest of my classmates finished junior year without me ; how i 'd missed prom and the student government elections and the junior - senior luau ; how the first surgery had n't worked and my mom had cried when she found out i had to have another ; how my tennis coach had come by the hospital and i 'd heard him fighting with my dad out in the hallway , blaming me ; how my so - called friends had sent a cheesy card they 'd all signed , rather than visiting ; how the doctors made such a big production of telling me that i 'd never play sports again that i thought they were going to say i 'd be in a wheelchair for the rest of my life ; how the worst part was having to go back to school with kids i 'd known since kindergarten , and the only thing that had changed was me , because i did n't know who i was anymore , or who i wanted to be .
for one thing , i had no appetite , and for another , i did n't trust myself to come back .
` ` the thing about owen , '' cassidy began , ` ` is n't how we 'd mess with the universe or talk about subversive graffiti artists or sneak me into college classes .
` ` was n't he just the cutest thing ? ''
we will be messing with the one thing about us he holds dear : our healthy bodies and the price they will bring .
but she ai n't 'cause she 's just a stupid girl and girls ai n't good for nothing but one thing , and you know what that thing is , do n't you , girly ? ''
it was covered , head to toe , with the vile weed , and the only thing left vaguely human about it was its open mouth pleading with the sailors to end its misery .
which is good , 'cause 'bout the only thing i ' m still covering up is my tattoo .
chapter 54 the first thing i see upon opening my eyes is annie , faithful annie , sitting by my side and holding my hand .
more of the grinning , twinkling eye thing from him .
his dark chocolate eyes were intense and thoughtful ; the only thing softening his expression was the small quirk of his lips like he was trying to hold back whatever he wanted to say .
there was only one thing driving me crazier than this indentured servitude to fin hunter and it was these girls constantly messaging him !
there was n't anything between us , but if there was even the smallest chance of a relationship with fin the last thing i wanted to associate him with was another brother .
` ` do n't do that whole ' fin 's a manwhore ' thing and downplay what happened between us . ''
his eyes were doing that twinkling thing , taking in every part of me .
the last thing i need tonight is more of her .
that 's the thing about bodyguards .
that was just the first thing la changed about her .
the last thing i need in my campaign to win emma over all the way is photos of me with other girls popping up tomorrow on the internet .
the last thing i want is to talk to another f**king therapist because of mom .
i ' m convinced that the only thing about hector that chloe was allergic to was the thought of his fur attaching itself to her garish clothes and furniture .
she tells me that she wishes she could use something else , but she knows her leftover feelings for her ex are the nearest thing to a shared experience with her character .
` ` derek 's good , '' she says , and if there 's such a thing as being able to hear a smile , i ' m hearing her smiling through the phone .
the only thing i had in mind when we got on the subway was warmth and that amazing view - one that can only be topped by the view on the way back .
this is the only thing remotely stimulating .
i hedge , and she does that low - laugh thing , still smiling up at me .
the only thing unnerving about rowena is her eyes .
the last thing either of us needs right now is more public scrutiny .
my goal with graham is n't just sex and morning - after guilt ( on his side - i 'd feel no such thing ) .
the last thing i want to be is a clingy girl who 's so insecure that she ca n't handle her boyfriend talking to another girl , but i ca n't brush aside the uneasiness .
the only thing good about that relationship was that i was n't all that into him , so he was easy to get over .
i ' m not in the mood to be hassled or adored - which often feel like the same thing .
the next thing to go wil be this crap in my hair that makes me look like one of my father 's fuckwit subordinates .
stil , she manages to pul off this part of the manual laborer look because her legs are the only thing remotely hot about her .
that 's the first thing i must admit and get past - the sheer fact of how beautiful he is .
` ` we were never real y a thing , dad . ''
because of his casual arrogance - that intangible thing he exudes that some women find so irresistible ?
the last thing i need to see is a movie in which reid stars .
since we have to repaint the closet in gabriel e 's room , her shelves are the last thing to be done .
everything about us is different - every damned thing .
chapter 34 reid funny thing about not waking up hungover on days off- there 's more day off to the day .
no such thing as miracles , either , or my sister would have earned one and fal en on her butt - embarrassed , but stil herself .
' dori , i ' m sorry - ' ' i ' m telling them tomorrow , first thing .
this is the thing about her - this , right here .
treading carefully up the staircase - the last thing i needed was for mom to get a look at my dejected expression - i chided myself for being ridiculous .
' see , that 's the thing .
my voice is the only solid thing left of me , and he flinches .
that 's the last thing i want him to feel .
sliding off my lap , he allows himself to be led away , and none of us can contain our laughter when cara murmurs , ' that 's another thing you need to remember about families - sometimes everyone is just weird . '
` ` and another thing , '' says muck , all like a schoolteacher teachin ' the young ones about sweetness and light and dancin ' around the maypole and such , ` ` another thing the doctors like about orphans aside from their fine compactness is they ai n't got no ugly yellow fat to wallow through on their way to the prime organs . ''
i caught on right fast to the dancing and playing because i have this thing in me that loves to show off and be in the center of things .
money was the last thing on my mind at the time .
i take my last shillin ' and slap it down on the bar and call for food and we get stews and fishes and oranges and , even though i loves me old - horse - and - biscuit back on the dear old dolphin , the change is just the thing .
` ` if you hold the past against me , that is one thing .
his warm , solid frame was the only thing i could focus on .
if there 's one thing i know that will get a thirsty sailor to march the additional hundred yards up to our place , past the union oyster house , the bell and bull , and , especially , skivareen 's , it is the prospect of free booze , such that his tiny stash of money might go a bit further during his short stay on the shore .
if there is one thing randall trevelyne can do , i think , ruefully , it is swagger .
for one thing , they were all wearing the same clothes .
the thing is , joni got over it easier than i did .
a hug should be a full embrace- as i wrap my arms around tony , i am not just holding him , but also trying to lift off his troubles for a moment so that the only thing he can feel is my presence , my support .
the thing that strikes me the most is the portrait 's silence .
i look at these images and it 's like they 're the only thing i ' ve ever wanted .
the only thing that 's changed since first grade is the size of my steps .
i feel that noah and i together are one thing .
the last thing we need is for him to want to kiss you . ''
his firm grasp of my hand was the only thing keeping me from believing that i was dreaming the entire thing .
the only thing that kept me from festering in fury was the thought of sneaking out to see evan the next night .
the only thing that moved was my heart racing in my chest .
it was unfathomable that sara mckinley , the girl every guy wished would give him the time of day , the girl who had everything , wanted the one thing that i had .
no such thing as ` ` normal '' nothing was going to keep me from enjoying every second of our datenothing .
but the last thing i wanted was another confrontation , or a twilight zone conversation where she pretended nothing was wrong .
staying still for too long made the voices in my head restless , and that was the last thing i needed this week .
' the last thing she needs ?
if the only thing she 'd consumed in two days was vodka , then she was probably dehydrated , and her blood sugar was way off .
it was one thing to convince myself i was over her and needed to move on , but it was another thing when she was standing right in front of me .
i held on to the only thing i had left ... hope .
the wall of glass facing the ocean was the first thing i saw , and that was all i needed .
the only thing that she 'd seen was the view of the ocean before she made her decision .
' sara , what 's one thing about emma that no one else knows ? '
now they just backed up to route 9 , which was about the only thing that had changed around here .
that 's the thing i hated most about gatlin .
but i 'd never know because if there was one thing amma was better at than reading cards or solving a crossword , it was keeping secrets .
dean wilks ran the feed store , but he was the closest thing to a vet in town .
that was the thing about the sisters ; half the time they had a firm grasp on reality , but that was only half the time .
and if there 's one thing a southerner knows , it 's their family tree .
the thing about link was , we 'd been friends since the day he gave me that twinkie on the bus , and after that he did n't care much what i said or did .
if there was one thing my mom liked , it was change .
that was the confusing thing .
it 's not really one thing .
the last thing i needed was amma planting some crazy voodoo charm on me in my sleep .
the one thing i could see was how rotted the logs on the platforms were ; each one looked as unstable as the next .
that was another thing about gatlin .
` ` you know what that thing on her face is , do n't you ? ''
and you know the thing about family trees down south , they 're never quite as right as they claim to be . ''
another mysterious thing about girls - they want to be asked to stuff even if they do n't want to go .
that 's the thing ... '' she twisted the corsage around her wrist a few times ` ` last year , ridley and i had planned to go together .
that was another thing about gatlin , everything that went on involved everyone .
and i think that was the thing that made me the angriest , and the most embarrassed .
i really was alone , and the only thing worse than being alone was having everyone else see how lonely you were .
` ` the thing about fate is , are you the master of your fate , or are the stars ? ''
the funny thing was , i could n't even hear the artillery outside my car window , because of the artillery going off in my head .
the thing is , by the time the song was over , and link had tossed his winged t - shirt into the bonfire , it felt like a few more things were going up in flames along with it .
happiness , because she had finally gotten the one thing she had always wanted , the choice to decide her own fate .
the one thing the passageways had in common was the smell of earth and time , and the number of times marian found herself fumbling for her lunae crescent key , the iron circle she wore at her waist .
how could i claim myself when they had already claimed the only thing that mattered to me ?
he passed some places that looked familiar , but his memory was never great to begin with - one thing the incubus blood had n't improved .
and if there was one thing i had become so intimately acquainted with that i could feel it crawling around under my skin , the way lubbers were crawling all over that oak , it was blame .
i guess that 's the thing about burning books .
if there was one thing i loved about marian , it was how she always heard what was being said , even if no one was saying it .
` ` well , you ' ve got to give ridley credit for one thing .
the only thing the three of them had in common was what they had on .
` ` there 's no such thing as a regular old high school party when you 're takin ' a caster and an incubus and a worn - out siren with you . ''
but i did n't have to worry , because if there was one thing i had figured out about girls , it was that pretty soon they would give up trashing each other .
amma 's room still looked ransacked , but one thing was different .
` ` fire was never really my thing .
` ` but the thing about me is , i ' ve touched both of them .
the only thing that mattered was that you cared about a few people .
the one thing that had kept me from being able to exhale all day .
as amma used to say , the good thing about the truth is it 's true , and there 's no arguing with the truth .
that was another thing i 'd learned from the caster world : there always seemed to be something worse around the next corner .
one thing about former incubuses : they really appreciate mortal food .
it was one thing all our homes had in common . ''
that 's one thing we ' ve all learned the hard way . ''
the sound coming from the heap of robes was the only thing that told me he was still alive .
i guess that 's the thing about a hero 's journey .
i ' ve got this whole '' -she motioned to the makings of a double chin- '' thing going on .
richard stone virtually leapt into view like a broadway extra - the only thing missing was the jazz hands .
after a long shower and a quick nap , the only thing she needed to feel completely renewed was the sight of her father sitting in the formal living room , reading the newspaper , his bifocals low on his nose .
her eyes drifted over the large letters of our last name - west - the only thing my father had given me really .
being cold was the first thing i noticed .
sawyer 's pale gray eyes were the first thing i noticed , followed by her huge grin and that straight , super dark hair , held back from her face by two silver clips that gleamed in the noon sunshine .
it 's the one thing we splurge on . ''
for one thing , i was in better control .
one thing that always seemed to flare josh 's temper was sawyer and i , like he wanted me wallowing in darkness , struggling to hold it together each day , and any glimpse of happiness that i showed was disdainful to him .
being okay while talking about sex with darren was one thing , standing right in front of lil while she referenced it , quite another .
i 'd always had this thing about being touched .
having the obvious body mass thing going for him , stimpy rushed me .
the last thing she ever saw on this earth was some god - awful daimon 's face and the last thing she 'd ever felt ...
the last thing she ever saw on this earth was some god - awful daimon 's face and the last thing she 'd ever felt ...
but he did have one thing in common with my old instructors .
one thing i was n't good at was talking about how i felt .
mom stared back at me - al except the eyes , the only thing we did n't share .
i murmured something incoherent , because my chest , wel , it was doing that fluttery thing again .
` ` you know the one thing that sucks about being a daimon ?
the only thing that kept it from shattering completely was the fleeting look of desire and fondness that flickered over his face as he backed toward the door .
that night only made me think of one thing : aiden .
this connection thing must actual y bother him if he real y thought he would n't be able to handle it down the road .
the only thing not burning with pain was my face ; it was on fire for an entirely different reason .
tight coils sprung within me - another thing i 'd grown accustomed to .
the thing about defensive kicks - once we made contact with our opponents we either needed to go for the kill shot or back up .
and that 's the funny thing about you , lea .
` ` you have this one - track mind thing going on . ''
as a pure - blood it 's the last thing i should notice . ''
` ` that 's the thing about oracles .
the whole sensing seth thing was getting annoying .
his fingers were still against my cheek and that was the only thing in this world that mattered .
` ` not liking you is one thing , but to destroy you ?
` ` and that is another thing i do n't trust .
the only thing that stopped me was the fact that i knew apollo was trying to help us - help alex .
she was right about one thing last night .
desire was n't the only thing between us .
chapter 9 no matter how convoluted my life got , one thing remained consistent - my hair looked like a baby opossum had taken refuge in it , invited some friends over , and thrown a party .
there was no such thing as paying dues when it came to fate .
it was the only thing from keeping me falling over on my face .
the last thing i wanted was to be whiny and weak in front of aiden .
it was probably the only thing that kept them from outright killing one another , but ... one massive problem at a time ... seth and lucian were our biggest problem .
the only thing i felt was ... calmness , which was really- a sudden cold chill snaked down my spine , and then seth said , whatever you 're looking for , you 're not going to find it .
` ` that 's the thing about death , i ' ve realized .
and that was the thing about truths and secrets .
after ... well , not sleeping and then sleeping for several hours , and some more of the ` ` not sleeping '' thing , we were summoned by a knock on the door .
there was n't a single thing about him that did n't send a spike of fear straight through me or any other living , breathing creature .
the last thing you needed when you woke up after something like that was to have me react that way .
feeling was the only thing i was interested in at the moment .
the last thing he wants is a full - out war . ''
` ` the last thing he wants is to do anything .
the last thing anyone needed was the two of us going at each other 's throats .
to enjoy battle and war was one thing .
` ` that 's the funny thing about time .
the only thing my imagination had gotten right was his hair .
the funny thing was they used to be a shade of boring brown , but after the whole dying thing , they 'd changed .
her sister is one thing .
the strange thing about mr . theo was that i did feel comfortable enough to tell him .
it 's the only thing different between us and outsiders . ''
` ` ' the best thing , though , in that museum was that everything always stayed right where it was .
one thing that amazes me about this town is that almost everybody can read and write , enough at least to get along .
` ` for one thing , what has he to gain ?
it was the only thing link missed about being a hundred percent mortal .
thinking about link was the last thing she needed tonight .
the last thing i wanted was to look special for dez .
truth be told , it was what my heart wanted , but it was n't the only thing i wanted .
in that moment i did n't think i 'd ever be able to sleep , but the beauty of his blue eyes and the slight smile on his lips was the last thing i saw before i slipped away .
there is not a single thing wrong with you . ''
the only thing i had going for me was i would n't be starting too far into the year .
the first thing i noticed was her short spiky white - blond hair .
i think it was the one thing i did n't like about him or about guys in general : when a girl says she does n't want to talk about it , the truth is that she usually does .
still mad at zia , the last thing i wanted to deal with was having to avoid her at school .
it was the only thing i was used to .
the only thing i wanted more than spending time with him was having my sister back .
she raised her dark eyes and i could see them boring into mine ; her posture giving nathan one thing and her gaze giving me another .
the only thing that kept blood flowing through me was how hard i ran .
in the north , well , it seems the only thing that changes are the coffee and hot cocoa sales at finch 's grocery .
` ` must be a guy thing . ''
` ` well , yes , that 's one thing , but really what worries me the most is falling so fast and hard for someone only to get your heart broken later .
xavier , being daisy 's twin , definitely resembles her with that blond hair and soft eyes , but like isaac and the rest of his brothers , he has that whole savage beauty thing going on .
` ` the last thing i remember eating was a tuna fish sandwich for lunch yesterday - have n't had much of an appetite . ''
she may be a hardass , but one thing she responds negatively to is weakness .
` ` it 's one thing i really do n't get about human guys , '' he goes on , ` ` that screwed - up mentality some of them have .
the only thing i do n't particularly like about being in a relationship with the hottest guy in school is that it has drawn more attention to me than i ever wanted .
` ` aunt bev , please , '' i say , pulling away lightly , ` ` there 's not a thing wrong with me . ''
the only thing that 's had me stressed out lately is anticipating portland .
a worn - out seatbelt is n't the only thing wrong with harry 's ancient 1970 monte carlo .
i refuse to look at him even though his face is the only thing i want to see .
i think only of her because if i ' m going to die , her face is the last thing that i want to see .
the one thing i do know is that already i fear that if adria dies or i find out that she already has ... i worry i will rule just like my father .
but one thing about camilla , being a female werewolf , she has a much stronger ability to sense the emotions and life - force of others than even i do being connected to adria .
` ` it was the thing about adria that i could n't understand when i fed from her long ago , '' genna says softly .
our link to one another is infallibly strong , but it 's the first thing that isaac taught me to control because he knows that i ca n't stand knowing everything he 's thinking .
she ca n't stop laughing and it 's really the only thing keeping me from thinking sebastian is here to literally kill her .
it 's tv land and the first thing i hear when the intro commercial fades and the programming resumes is : shirrrl !
odd thing is that she does n't sound to be very afraid , but instead , annoyed by our presence .
the only thing keeping me from lashing out at him unlike ever before has nothing to do with fear and everything to do with my body 's inability to move .
the only thing that 's changed is him and how he can interact with it all . ''
` ` the only thing about this that i do n't like , '' someone from the growing crowd says , ` ` is that it took so long ! ''
this was the strange thing about boomer - if i asked him about his teachers up at boarding school this past semester , he 'd have already forgot en their names .
sure , it could be one big practical joke , but the thing about so a and her friends was that while they were always practical , they were never jokers .
for one thing , those boys seemed too upbeat .
i wanted the rst thing he saw when he opened his eyes to be the welcoming face of someone who liked him so much , someone who on this new morning , in this new year , was going to do her best to cherish this new person , whose name she finally knew .
for one thing , he was so nearsighted he never made eye contact with the students , which was a bonus .
he wrenched open the outer door of the vestibule - another measure of his rage ; the doors were never opened together , never , it was a fail - safe against intrusion - and the last thing she saw was his face contorted with fury before he shoved her hard and slammed the door .
it was likely he had never felt any such thing .
` ` his magic , for one thing , '' said akiva .
joram seemed to be waiting for him to answer , so he acknowledged , ` ` i remember , '' and felt a tug of loss , as if , by admitting it , he was handing over the one thing he had of her .
she accepted it but did n't drink , so preoccupied was she with staring at everything : brimstone , for one thing , bigger up close than she had imagined from her few distant glimpses of him .
for one thing , the dominion color was red .
he did n't want to gulp down food in front of her , for one thing , and for another , he just wanted to stand here , near her .
akiva supposed this display should n't surprise him , but to hear someone is craven is one thing .
the first thing he saw was his brother .
i surrendered completely in his arms , his kiss the only thing in the universe that mattered , now and forever .
` ` but the thing about it is that you can talk to anyone , from anywhere .
dale said we would n't sleep , but we did , wrapped up in each other , both of us holding on to the one thing that mattered - each other .
` ` that 's another great thing about dad , '' dale said , squeezing her shoulder .
she 's stopped caring about school , for one thing , and has been called to the principal 's office several times for talking back to the teachers .
the last thing i need is a good old family - style interrogation .
the one good thing about being kind of shy is that nobody bugs you when you want to be left alone .
here 's another thing hana does n't understand : thinking about the disease , and worrying about it , and stressing about whether i ' ve inherited some predisposition for it - that 's all i have of my mom .
she said believing in invalids is the same thing as believing in werewolves or vampires .
the only weird thing is the way my senses seem to have dulled .
that 's another thing i ' m excited about : in thirty - six days , i wo n't have to worry about curfew anymore .
one good thing about raids : they 're loud .
the weirdest thing about deering highlands is how quickly it was abandoned .
it 's an incredible thing , how you can feel so taken care of by someone and yet feel , also , like you would die or do anything just for the chance to protect him back .
and now i know why they invented words for love , why they had to : it 's the only thing that can come close to describing what i feel in that moment , the baffling mixture of pain and pleasure and fear and joy , all running sharply through me at once .
i focus on his voice : it 's the only thing that keeps me going up .
even this new lena feels slightly embarrassed ; the only thing worse than having no friends is being pitied for having no friends .
the first thing that strikes me is the cold .
that 's the thing : we did n't really care .
that 's the thing about the cure , is n't it ?
raven is right about one thing : it is war now , and armies need symbols .
there may be checkpoints along the way , and the last thing i need is to be caught by a patrol .
the first thing i notice is the smell : a laundry smell , of lemon - scented towels and dryer sheets .
the second thing i notice is the quiet .
the belief that i would see you again , that i could find you - the hope for it - was the only thing that kept me going . ''
and when it started to get dark you pointed to the sky , and told me there was a star for every thing you loved about me . ''
` ` when i was in that place away , thinking of you - my two beautiful girls - was the only thing that kept me going .
i can only nod , although ready is the last thing i feel .
he was my one thing .
the second thing i notice is the people : people running through the trees , bodies indistinct in the smoke .
that 's the easy thing about falling : there is only one choice after that .
one when i was a little kid , my favorite thing about winter was sledding .
the last thing i want is to be alone with fred .
that is the thing about people once they 're cured : they 're predictable .
another thing i love about tack : how careful he is .
some are more truthful than others , maybe , but in the end the only thing that counts is what you can make people believe .
for a moment , the only thing he could feel was julia 's surge of pain and fear .
they patted him down , removing all his weapons so that the only thing he had left was his tack .
maybe that was the only thing keeping his infatuation with natalia at bay .
the only thing she could hear was her pulse pounding in her ears .
they gave out and the only thing holding him up was natalia - the weight of her body leaning against him , and the scissor in his side .
the only thing he could think of was that she was dually screwed .
his light brown hair and bright blue eyes made him appealing , but add the shy guy thing into the mix , and i was pathetically love - struck .
he denied his flesh the thing it coveted more than life - my soul .
she was strong - willed , cunning , and loyal , but the thing that drew him to her was her kindness .
the main thing i noticed was that the longer i was in the vision , the more panic i absorbed from the people around me .
the only other thing he 'd need is ... a soul .
` ` you stole the one thing from me that mattered most .
he was the only thing i had now .
the only thing i cared about .
the only thing i knew was that i wanted nothing to do with the black creature covered in dark slime , its glowing red eyes , or its gravelly voice .
the only thing i had left was the necklace , and comb that apryl gave me .
the only thing left is the dried blood sticking to your back . ''
` ` the demon blood gave me power to do and take whatever i wanted , except for the one thing i want more than anything .
the only thing i could see was the look on collin 's face as the bird ... terror shot through me in a relentless wave , and at the same moment eric threw his arms around me .
instead it showed me the one thing i did n't need , but could n't resist - the soul of a good man .
it was like someone turned him inside out , and the only thing that was left was the hatred , betrayal , and pain .
i sensed the same thing they did .
one thing that was remarkable about al was that she always knew what to do , and it was always the right thing to do .
sleep seemed to be the only thing that repaired my body .
i was n't sure if i needed them , and the thing that bothered me most was that it marked that i was changing .
it looked like the scar was the only thing that remained , but i knew once he saw the bit of blue , he 'd know the sapphire serum was still inside of me .
that was the only thing that told me that she cared about my answer .
the door was the only thing holding me up .
the only thing i could see were a pair indigo eyes shining from within .
your senses are the first thing he 'll use against you .
martis pride was one thing .
they made no sense , but the main thing that startled me was the remorse that blared through everything else .
it felt like time had frozen and thawed , and the only thing i could look at was collin 's eyes dripping with anger and envy .
the only thing that remained was the center of the church building where i 'd emerged .
the only thing that i could see was that the agony of his life twisted him into a monster .
there was one thing that made me feel .
i told you once before - there 's no such thing as true love .
` ` just because your feelings toward me are not one thing , it does n't mean they 're another . ''
the only thing i could see were my dangling feet suspended in air .
the thing that startled me most was that there was no hint of fear , no underlying thoughts of losing me .
the mental connection i 'd had vanished , and the only thing i could feel were his arms around me , his lips against mine .
the pain was the only thing that distracted me from having three guys staring at my exposed chest .
living was the only thing that mattered right then .
i will not recall the valefar , as that is the only thing keeping you from killing the martis . ''
the only thing that was different were the reddish rocks that stretched into the sky and towered high above me .
that guilt thing is gnawing at my gut .
and the weird thing is that seeing mason again makes me realize he probably is a good fit for me .
my chest tightens and i think about saying sorry , but that 's not the only thing that bothered me tonight .
and that 's the other thing that 's weirding me out .
his presence is the only thing keeping me together while the thoughts i should ' ve been thinking all night finally surface .
the last thing i need is for him to feel sorry for me and come to see me out of guilt . ''
there 's not a lot of people i would trust with that job because the last thing i want when i ' m drinking is music that makes me feel like i ' m going to puke .
the thing is , she looks happy .
my body 's doing this weird quivering thing , and i pull in another breath , and i ca n't believe i have to do this with him because i have no one else to talk to .
it makes me want to give her the same thing .
yeah , i like her , but this whole jonesing for a girl thing is weird .
in a way he was offering her the same thing .
caroline asked her constantly if she was alright and that just tripled her guilt because the last thing she wanted was caroline worrying about her on top of everything else .
i had to focus on the one thing i did know , and that was the fact that i could n't save jack without getting to the everneath ; and to do that i needed cole .
for a few of us there was no such thing as getting our hopes up too high .
` ` if i know one thing about you , it 's this .
the last thing i wanted to talk about was my feeble attempt to kill him moments before jack disappeared .
` ` let 's threaten to take away - permanently - the one thing he wants most . ''
` ` this hand thing shows up a lot , '' cole said .
the thing they wanted most .
until now , eating had been the last thing on my mind .
it was n't so easy to identify most of them , except when an entire group was feeling the same thing .
that he was the only thing i remembered ?
the documents in front of jack were the only thing left of mrs . jenkins .
it 's the same thing with the everneath .
` ` right now , despite all the things you said i ' ve done and all the ways we ' ve tried to get my memory back , loving you is still the only thing i know . ''
we chose this life because immortality is the only important thing .
` ` that 's the thing about tantalus .
the last thing i needed , while drowning , was to forget who i was .
the only thing i am allowed , the only thing i am given , is myself .
the only thing i am allowed , the only thing i am given , is myself .
the worst thing for me about exercise is the boredom .
day 5931 in all of the bodies i ' ve been in , in all of the lives i ' ve borrowed for a day , one thing has always been consistent : everyone wakes up tired .
i am the only thing out of place .
knowledge is the only thing i take with me when i go .
they do n't realize that the best thing about love is its regular presence .
but the thing about a cry for help is that someone else needs to be around to hear it .
` ` the thing that ended up tripping me up was the concept of tomorrow .
i think the only thing that saved me was that artie and i have the same last name .
it 's the one thing about me that feels newly healed .
but that 's the thing about me : the frequencies do n't divide .
this was the thing : none of us talked about you .
the most unsettling thing , though , was that when joanna walked into certain rooms , it was as if someone - or something - was following her .
sylvie had always tried to be diplomatic about the girls scott gravitated toward , pretending not to notice the obvious thing about them , pretending- and often succeeding - that their race did n't matter .
his mother did n't know about it , for one thing .
the second thing i 'd discovered was that he could feel the electricity too .
the thing was , he just was n't a very intimidating teacher .
apparently , my anger was also another thing that entertained him .
the last thing he needs is to find out that gemma is causing some kind of electrical static thing . ''
the great thing about wearing sneakers while you 're hiking through the snow is ... nothing .
` ` that electricity thing that i feel whenever i ' m around you ? ''
it was so freaking hot - the last thing i needed was for him to touch me .
i think we 'd both spent our fair share of time being lonely , and silence was n't an unsettling thing .
` ` the thing with alex , '' he began as i moved closer , ` ` is that he has it in his head that everything is a secret . ''
the only thing missing was the strobe lights .
bad because i was really pissed off at him , and the last thing i wanted was to be near him .
` ` the thing about alex is that he 's kind of been brainwashed .
something else had to of happened to me ... the only thing i can remember about that night is coming out of a club alone and thinking i heard a noise from behind me .
okay , so another thing i might have going for me here was that he seemed distracted .
gradually , a tunnel started to form , fading away the rest of the surroundings so that the only thing i could see was the blurred image of the little girls face .
the last thing i saw was alex 's horrified expression before my eyes slipped shut .
if there was one thing i 'd learned , it was that there was no such thing as being too careful .
the only thing i really had going for me was that it was n't as cold in here , but the stench of cigar smoke was killing me .
in fact , the only thing i could remember clearly was the vision i 'd just gone in , and how my eyes in the vision had looked so empty .
what happened to their wanting to beat the crap out of each other thing ?
` ` see the thing with foreseers is that not a whole lot of people like us because we can practically see anything - good or bad .
well , normal except for the whole carrying - a - stars - power - in - me thing .
chapter 12 my eyes shot open and the first thing i saw was a dark blue ceiling .
for one thing , after what happened with the vampires last night , i had a feeling that if i ran into any of them , and they recognize me - which let 's face it they would ( hello , my eyes are violet ) -then i 'd be in some serious trouble .
and yeah , he did smell strongly of flowers and rain and forest , which was kind of a strange smell to be coming off of a guy , but he was a faerie , and these little things seemed like they might just be faerie traits , and something he probably could n't help .
and when i had a crazy man with a scar , and his yellow - eyed , chill of death assailants after me , being around a huge group of people was definitely not my thing .
the sound of a light breeze was the only thing that answered me back .
the only thing wrong with me was that my arm was tinged a purplish - blue from where the death walker had grabbed me .
one good thing about alex is that he 's a somewhat calm person ... well , at least when it comes to stressful situations .
fear was such a new thing to me , and the only thing i could think of that would qualify as my most - afraid - of thing was stephan and the death walkers .
the rise and fall of her chest was the only thing that let me know she was still alive .
i let out a scream for help , but the only thing that returned to me was my own echo .
i was n't really surprised by this , seeing how i had been told multiple times that abilities , such as the foreseer ability , was usually a hereditary thing .
` ` change one small thing in your life and it can greatly affect the rest of it . ''
stasha can be a little on the ... unsympathetic side and that 's probably the last thing laylen needs right now . ''
the only thing that was different was the six foot four vampire snoring away in my computer chair , his feet kicked up on the computer desk , his head tipped back in the most awkward position .
that was one thing about the summers in afton , they were very green .
` ` all my life i ' ve focused on one thing ... and that was being the keeper my father wanted me to be . ''
but the only thing i could see was a faint purple light emitting from the center of it .
my eyelids fluttered open , and the first thing i saw were shoes .
your foreseeing thing only works if you ve seen the place , so maybe if you had a mental picture of how it looked , we could get there .
the only thing i knew about them was a ) whoever freed them from their cage become one b ) they were angels from hell and c ) they liked to wear a lot of leather .
the first thing i saw was the same set of black symbols that traced laylen s arm the mark of immortality .
as i d started to go , i felt the strangest thing , like i was leaving my body , yet i still stayed on the ground .
there s one thing that is really bugging me about this , i said .
there s this thing about blood .
honestly , the worst thing is the blood .
the last thing i wanted was a trip to the emergency room with some doctor peering at my legs .
the last thing i needed was space to think .
being able to do something , to take action , even at a distance ... it was the only thing that made life bearable .
but today ... . today , when i 'd woken from the nightmare the first thing i 'd seen was her terrified face .
and when they find out how much dance lessons cost , i can see there 's some hesitation , but they have muttered conversations they think i ca n't hear , saying things like it 's the one thing she has left .
but the thing that really scared me was changing course .
in fact , you know that thing where you 're the exact opposite of experienced ?
bars were really not my thing , but i knew i needed some breathing space away from the music , even if just for a few hours .
the annoying thing was , he really had been good .
also , the last thing i needed was more coffee .
the thing about clarissa is , she 's quite tall , and she was in killer heels .
for one thing , i was pretty sure that he 'd absorbed a good amount of the material from the lectures he 'd attended .
tomorrow morning , first thing , i 'd get a cab over to his apartment and tell him .
but the weird thing is , just sometimes , i can see stuff .
because the one thing i knew was that my fear was immutable .
` ` if there 's one thing you ' ve taught me , it 's that we can change , '' he said .
it was dishonorable and the one thing jai had always counted on was his honor .
but if there was one thing ari knew when studying for her sats it was to never skip the boring parts because that 's usually what came up in the exam .
if there was one thing being an immortal jinn king had taught him it was patience .
when she glanced up at azazil for a reaction he merely frowned and the next thing ari felt was glass against her bare feet .
he brushed a trembling hand down her cheek , her skin the softest , finest thing he 'd ever felt .
to have the comforting presence of her poltergeist back would be just the thing she needed right now .
` ` he 's got that whole moody , damaged thing going on .
ari contemplated punching him as that irritating little thing called hope deflated instantly .
` ` the last thing you need is an older guy treating you like crap .
the last thing she needs is to see us head into the peripatos .
the last thing he could handle right now was being burned by ari .
the world righted itself and charlie stumbled forward , dizzy and nauseous , the red king 's strong hand on his shoulder the only thing keeping him standing up .
love was the one thing he had not accounted for .
they uncurled slowly , and the throbbing bal of ember in his palm was the last thing ari saw before the sweet relief of dying pain swept her away on its tides .
the motel was situated just off of the southwest freeway , the constant flow of traffic buzzing in the near distance was the only thing to break the silence of charlie 's despair .
when i pulled up to the house , the first thing i saw was dad 's car out front .
it was that he craved - control over his life - because it was the one thing carmine never had .
genetics , vincent thought , was a peculiar thing .
the last thing she needs is you making things harder for her . ''
he breathed her in , and she allowed herself to wonder if maybe - just maybe - this frightening creature could want the same thing she craved .
the only thing that gave away its true nature was the staff , wearing the typical medical scrubs .
she opened her eyes , hoping it was a nightmare , but the first thing she saw was her monster 's vicious face .
you are the closest thing to a son he had - his godson .
the last thing she wanted was for carmine to suffer .
she hid her for protection and never failed to keep the one thing even haven had lost over the years - hope .
he lied , cheated , plundered , and slaughtered for them , but one thing he had prided himself on was his loyalty .
the same thing happened with lunch - he ignored their food , and they ignored his questions .
she was still hurt , unsure of what the future held , but one thing carmine had never done was give up on her .
there were many places carmine would go back to , many things he would have done differently , but one thing he would n't take back was what he had done to save her .
he did n't fear death , did n't fear jail or eternal damnation , but one thing he could n't fathom was losing celia .
he had never been particularly fond of children , with their needy ways and grubby little hands , but one thing he treasured was innocence .
it was the only thing her mother had given her , the one thing , she thought , no one could ever take away .
it was the only thing her mother had given her , the one thing , she thought , no one could ever take away .
he would only want to kill them for mocking him , and the last thing he needed was another death on his hands .
the last thing she wanted was to drop out of civilization again .
the first thing he noticed was the roman collar , the bright white sliver of fabric shining brightly in the darkness .
the alcohol seeping into his bloodstream was the only thing keeping him from jumping out of his own skin .
we follow orders and one thing you should know about me by now - one thing i hope you respect me for - is the fact that i do n't fail when i take on a task .
we follow orders and one thing you should know about me by now - one thing i hope you respect me for - is the fact that i do n't fail when i take on a task .
` ` that 's the last thing i even want to think about right now . ''
` ` corrado does n't have kids , and you 're the closest thing he 's got to a daughter . ''
one thing corrado despised was being underestimated .
` ` same damn thing , '' he muttered under his breath before adding , ` ` just be careful , okay ?
we were young and maybe we were naive , thinking we had it all figured out , but one thing i never doubted was that we were meant to be . ''
` ` i ' m not trying to be cliche or anything , but one thing my own marriage taught me is that relationships are like football in a lot of ways .
your class is probably the only thing keeping me alive . ''
she bit down on her bottom lip and nodded way too enthusiastically - like it sort of creeped me out - and if she was n't doing that cat - eye thing that lauren bacall sometimes does in bogie films , the thing where she squints sophisticatedly and looks up at her man from under her eyebrows or seductively out of the corners of her eyes , i probably would have left right then .
i still think the idea of god is bullshit , obviously , but i have to tell you , the one thing i admire about lauren is that she 's not out here because she wants to be right or righteous or make people feel bad about what they already believe ; she 's not really interested in arguing with anyone or anything like that - and i 'll admit that maybe subconsciously she needs to prove that her ideas are more important than the ideas of others , but she also really worries that everyone is literally going to burn in hell forever and ever and she does n't want that to happen to anyone at all .
herr silverman narrates his whole trip for me like that and i listen to the sound of his voice and think that his words are the only thing keeping me tethered to this world right now - that his words are literally keeping me alive - and if he had n't picked up i really might have blown my brains out .
it 's this strange guy thing that i 'll never really understand .
the last thing i want is to listen to them talk about how hot he is .
but the thing about alec is , most of the time , he 's not working it .
the only thing that stayed the same that year was us - how i felt about nathaniel .
he touches my hair again and i like that it 's starting to be his thing with me .
the only thing i know is i ' m opening my mouth and letting the word , ` ` yes , '' jump free .
she always gave in when it came to her future , but that 's about the only thing .
he likes ball , but it 's not like that 's the only thing we have in common .
sucks to know the one thing i ' m good at is lying .
drama is the last thing i need .
it 's my favorite thing about her : the way the house could be crumbling around us but it would still be so easy to make her smile .
the last thing she needs is me pushing her about him .
mom 's voice is the only thing that pulls me away from kira .
that 's not the only thing i ' m trying to figure out .
the only thing missing is kira .
i used to think the only thing that mattered is that she did n't mean it , that she had to deal with a lot and that she deserved a way to unwind .
that was the thing about kyler .
` ` there is n't a damn thing wrong with the friends i bring home . ''
the only thing that made me do it was that i needed to get to syd .
the sky was the first thing i noticed , how it went from angry red to tomato orange , like it was on fire .
it was before i could read , before i knew left from right , and my mother 's hand was the only thing that kept me safe from the big bad world .
it was the one thing that had stayed with me from ride to ride , an ever present reminder of the passing night .
` ` there 's still one more thing you need to feel .
the only thing worse than being the only upper ' classman in a mansion full of seventh graders is hanging out in the teachers ' lounge watching your ancient languages professor put drops in the ears of the world 's foremost authority on data encryption while he swears he 'll never go scuba diving again .
sure , all this experience makes him a great countries of the world ( cow ) professor , but the best thing professor smith brings to the gallagher academy is the annual anticipation of guessing what face he will assume in order to enjoy his summer break .
but the absolute weirdest thing about the covert operations classroom was that our teacher was n't in it .
( dad always said the most lethal thing about her was her cooking . )
the carnival music suddenly got louder as the back door opened , and the first thing i saw was a bright orange cap as mr . mosckowitz peeked in .
but that 's the thing about being a pavement artist ( a term first used to describe me when i was nine and successfully tailed my father through the mall to find out what he was going to buy me for christmas ) , you ca n't be ducking behind dumpsters and dodging into doorways all the time .
but that 's the thing most people do n't get about surveillance .
but the thing i noticed most was how easily he smiled .
even bex had lost her swagger , and that was maybe the scariest thing of all .
here 's the thing about lying : a part of you has to mean it - even if it is a tiny , sinister shred that only lives in the blackest , darkest parts of your mind .
these people may represent everything you hate , but all it takes is one thing , ladies - one thread of commonality to form a bond in our lives . ''
` ` what 's your favorite thing to eat when you 're sick ? ''
but the really important thing about the roseville gazebo was n't that it had awesome twinkle lights .
the second thing about roseville is that it takes its small - town - ness seriously .
` ` well , if you are n't just the cutest thing ? ''
but here 's the thing about spy truth : sometimes it is n't enough to achieve your mission objectives .
` ` no , cammie , i get the spy thing , '' he said , spinning on me .
here 's the thing about being a spy in love : your boyfriend never has a name .
i did n't torture myself with any of the questions that might never have answers as i sat there , knowing that there is no such thing as black - and - white - remembering that my whole life is , by definition , a little bit gray .
anna was gripping her pen so hard it looked like she was about to pull a muscle , but mr . solomon must have that whole eyes - in - the - back - of - his - head thing , because he said , ` ` i said no notes , ms . fetterman , '' and anna jerked away from her pen as if it had shocked her .
that day , however , the thing i loved most about the pand.e barn was that it 's a place where you 're allowed - even expected - to hit people .
the only thing we knew was that the boys appeared to be ghosts , phantoms - smoke .
but if there 's one thing that living with the child of a career politician has taught me , it 's that they never take no for an answer .
chapter three here 's the thing about covert operations : the really bad things always happen when you least expect them .
macey 's pride was the one thing that had come away unscathed , and she was going to protect it if it killed her .
and just that quickly her skin stopped being the most amazing thing about her .
it was the first thing about covert operations that felt familiar .
the first thing that hit me was the shock .
it 's the closest thing to home i ' ve had in years .
i mean , sure they looked nice , cute , and completely harmless , but if there 's one thing we gallagher girls know , it 's that looks can totally be deceiving .
but , honestly , at that moment statistics were the last thing on my mind , because fluffy white snowflakes were floating through the night sky that stood between me and the one boy who did n't move , the boy who did n't swoon , the boy who just stood by the rails with his hands in his pockets , staring at me , saying , ` ` happy new year , gallagher girl . ''
it did n't make sense , but sense was the last thing in the world that i could worry about , because joe solomon was rushing part me , flying through the open door .
i pulled away , but not before his fingers grazed my skin , before i felt a spark , and i swore it would be the last thing i 'd feel for him ever again .
the thing you need to know about abigail cameron is that not only is she an awesome operative , but also , when her hair is down and the light is right and she spins around like she did that morning , she kind of looks like the star of a shampoo commercial .
talking felt like the most useless thing in the world .
` ` we know , '' macey said , as if the last thing any of us needed was a reminder .
` ` that 's the thing about having a dad who runs for president . ''
the only thing that was familiar was the way macey walked twenty feet in front of me in her tallest heels , her hand draped through preston 's arm .
that 's the thing about spies .
here 's the thing about being a spy : sometimes all you have are your lies .
that 's the thing about getting shot twice , almost kidnapped twice , really kidnapped once , and banged on the head more times than anyone can imagine : it tends to put your priorities in order .
it 's the closest thing to freedom that i have ever felt .
kat had learned quite a lot of things before enrolling at the colgan school - but the thing that she knew best was that this was the kind of place where she could never share them .
hale let out a slow whistle of admiration , and kat remembered that , for all of his resources and talent , the most dangerous thing about w. w. hale the fifth was that , when he grew up , he really wanted to be her father .
his suit was the kind of expensive that would be out of style far too soon , and his watch was the only thing about him that was as shiny as his teeth .
but the most remarkable thing was the five paintings that hung on the far wall .
but the thing kat had loved most about colgan - the thing she missed most as she sat beside hale and gabrielle on a train bound for vienna - was that one of the most strenuous prep schools in the world was the only place kat had ever been where it was okay not to think .
but the thing kat had loved most about colgan - the thing she missed most as she sat beside hale and gabrielle on a train bound for vienna - was that one of the most strenuous prep schools in the world was the only place kat had ever been where it was okay not to think .
but for all its history , the most intimidating thing about the room right then was the sight of uncle eddie , standing beside a roaring fire .
the only thing kat knew for certain was that if she caused taccone to lose the things he loved , then eventually , he would return the favor .
` ` stealing from this visily romani guy - whoever he is - that 's one thing .
if there was one thing kat learned from losing her mother , it was that even the best thief in the world ca n't steal time .
her hand brushed against the frame , and her legs immediately stopped being the most interesting thing about her .
maybe her cool was one more thing she 'd lost at colgan .
the thing that most mystified the professional mystery solvers of the small branch of interpol 's main european office was that amelia bennett was so lucky .
but the single most remarkable thing about kat 's cousin in that moment was the look on her face as she scanned the row of paintings and whispered , ` ` it 's them . ''
still , if there was one thing that gregory wainwright could be grateful for , it was that the journalists never heard about the boy .
` ` yet another thing we have in common . ''
he sat up a little straighter when he said it , and kat knew that , in his world , that was a thing of great esteem .
the one thing kat knew was that she had to get into that apartment .
then she thought about her trip to garrett 's apartment , the carefully organized shelves and perfectly straight pictures - not a thing out of place except for the pile of mail that lay discarded on the table .
` ` that 's the thing about being a criminal , '' kat told her .
the only thing i see is a guy , flirting with a girl , with a semi - nervous , endearing gleam in his eye .
i normally lose myself when i run , but this time i ' m acutely aware of every single thing , from my hair , to the length of my shorts , to each drop of sweat that trails down my back .
he does that staring and thinking thing again where his intense gaze somehow renders me unresponsive .
` ` sky , if there 's one thing you should know about me , it 's that i do n't do vague .
i need to know for sure that you 're feeling every single thing that i ' m feeling the moment my lips touch yours .
that 's the only thing about my past that makes me sad .
i do n't know what it is about him staring at my lips like he is , but it 's definitely the hottest thing about this whole situation right now .
but i do , and the thing that eats at me the most is the fact that everything that happened between us is starting to seem surreal , like it was all just a dream .
my chest heaves and my cheeks burn and the only thing stopping the tears from flowing is the fact that my eyes are closed so tight , they ca n't escape .
i ' ve gone so long trying to find ways to feel numb any chance i get , but seeing the enthusiasm behind his eyes right now ... it makes me want to feel every single thing about life .
the only thing i remember from before karen was getting the bracelet , but that 's only because i still have it and the memory stuck with me .
all i could tell them was exactly what you were wearing , because you were the only thing i could picture in my head .
holder is the only thing about my life that has n't left me completely hopeless .
the only thing that matters to me with you are the forevers . ''
and for once , i remain completely in the moment , wanting to feel every single thing he 's doing and saying to me .
i do n't feel a single thing until the moment he turns around and i see his face .
the only good thing about this entire school since you moved is fifth period . ''
in fact , i stand here in the dark and try my hardest to commit every single thing about her to my memory , since that 's the only place i 'll ever see her again .
you 're about to kiss me and the last thing i 'll see before your lips touch mine is a woman wiping her infant 's ass . ''
you know , that one thing about themselves that 's eventually a deal - breaker . ''
the only thing that satiates the craving is her laugh .
the only thing my entire thought process is proving to me right now is how much i need to grab her tight and hang on , because wherever she goes , i want to go , too .
the most unexpected thing about les 's reaction was that her anger was n't solely placed on grayson .
every single thing i think or see or do or say reminds me of les .
i ' m angry because the one thing i loved the most about les was her laugh .
the last thing i need right now is an excuse to fight grayson .
the last thing i want her to feel is embarrassed .
the last thing i need is for another one of my girlfriend 's to kill herself because of you . ''
but i ' ve been sitting alone for over four hours , wide awake , and the only thing that even remotely appealed to me was the thought of seeing sky again .
there 's not a single thing about her i would change .
there is one thing about her that worries me , though , and that 's the fact that she seems to be a little emotionally detached .
she 's smiling as soon as she sees me and i curse under my breath because that 's just one more thing about her that i just fell in love with .
that 's the only thing that stops me from believing in the possibility that she could be hope .
i have n't spoken to her since monday and the only thing that sounds appealing besides being with her is wallowing alone in self - pity .
i do n't understand you at all and it pisses me off because if there 's one thing in the world i ' m good at , it 's understanding people . ''
but the thing that pissed me off the most was the fact that you never once thought about what it would do to me when i found you .
the only thing that could calm me would be knowing the man behind me is no longer breathing .
unfortunately , the main thing i inherited from mom is a big chest .
the last thing i need is for some hard - ass teenager to think i ' m weak .
but seriously , if there 's one thing an american teenage girl needs , it 's privacy .
because i ' m high maintenance , for one thing .
it 's a strange thing to be happy and sad at the same time .
the last thing i need is a lecture on dog safety .
i walk into social studies and the last thing on my mind is current affairs .
the thing they have in common is they all need fashion advice .
the last thing i need is for avi to see me and my dad fight .
i have to say , that 's one negative thing about living in the city .
the thing about my life is that i ' ve never had control over it .
i guess that 's the only thing i can control .
the closest thing i have to that are my cherry red high - tops .
plus , i ' m dreading running at night as it is ... the last thing i need to do is carry something as well .
` ` the last thing i want is a female version of me , '' he says as he 's busy pulling out another antiseptic pad .
she 's sitting on the sofa , watching television with my aunt ( doda yucky ) , my uncle chaim ( i call him uncle chime , because i ca n't do that back - throat - noise hebrew - pronunciation thing ) , and my little toddler cousin matan ( who is not nak*d , for once ) .
my dad is the last thing i want to talk about right now .
the best thing about our house ?
ty 's signature smirk is about the sexiest thing on the planet .
it takes about an eon for us to go out there , what with these awful shoes i ' m wearing , and with mr . tucker 's need to point out every last little thing , from where the bike racks are located to where i could pick up a newspaper to where students are al owed to smoke .
it turns out the only thing on tv friday night is reruns o f cops , so henry and i watch an episode while we wait on the team doctor and the x - rays .
the minute i look at laura , she lets out this whimper - scream - yelp thing that sounds like a puppy caught in a trap .
the most important thing to remember about this activity is that you should always have a first aid kit handy .
that 's the thing about art .
one thing i ' ve always loved about my parents is that no matter what they 're doing , they like being in the same room .
i ' ve never gone to another church besides forrest sanctuary and the only thing i know about frats is that they have wild keggers and sometimes people get nak*d and jump in pools .
besides , the first thing i discovered when i got here is that the household staff lives for gossip .
that 's the one thing about this sport that really pisses me off - seeing abused racehorses .
i ca n't bear to lose one more thing .
i shake my head at jack , trying to show him that marcus is the last thing i want .
the last thing i need is for jack to ask me questions .
next to vee , the only thing i have going for me are my legs .
what 's the one thing he wants most ?
my knees trembled , and patch 's hold was the only thing keeping me up .
that 's the thing about fear .
one thing had changed , though .
the only thing that could make this moment worse was knowing she was watching , satisfied she 'd stuffed me into a little black hole of self - pity .
the only thing i had left was hope .
the only thing keeping it from springing up around her waist is gravity . ''
the thing about the bikini is , i probably need a tan before i wear it .
he 'd sacrificed the one thing he wanted most of all -a human body - to save my life .
it seemed unlikely that anyone had followed me to patch 's apartment so late last night , but if there was one thing i knew about nephilim , it was that they were very good at doing the unlikely .
marcie mill ar was the closest thing i had to an archenemy .
seeing the color black was one thing , but making out with it was taking it to a whole ' nother level .
` ` one solid hit , and it 'll be the last thing you feel . ''
there was only one thing missing , i concluded , as i checked over my reflection .
if there was one thing i could use to my advantage , it was the construction - the buildings were built one right next to the other .
my pants were torn , my knees were scuffed , my hands were scraped , and getting angry was the only thing stopping me from bursting into tears .
for one thing , it was a school night .
as he 'd said , the homecoming dance would be the last thing on hank 's radar .
maybe you cared about me back then , but your nephilim blood society is the only thing you care about anymore .
the only thing you have at the moment is faith . ''
the only thing keeping me grounded was patch .
` ` that the only thing you 're in love with ? ''
the last thing we need right now is a coup . ''
nora was the closest thing to a sister scott had .
i needed a name first thing this morning .
if there 's one thing my dad taught me , it 's that nephilim stick together . ''
in her book , the only thing worse than taking orders was taking them from me .
` ` he was hank 's protege , and if hank was good at one thing , it was lying .
` ` and now that i have you , the only thing that terrifies me is having to go back to that place .
for him to do this- the one thing he abhorred- there were no words .
the funny thing was , i never really bought into kim 's notion that they were somehow bound together through me - until just now when i saw her half carrying him down the hospital corridor .
that was the funny thing about conservatory camp ; you got so close with the people over the summer , but it was some unwritten rule that you did n't keep in touch during the rest of the year .
they do n't use computers or watch cable tv , and they never curse and have this thing about them that makes you want to be polite .
but that 's the thing with death .
that 's the thing you never expect about grieving , what a competition it is .
her eyes are closed and i can tell she 's doing that thing , listening for something in the silence .
as we escaped scicorp and fled into the streets , the last thing i remembered was watching the door close behind me on the stairs and seeing ash 's face through the window , a single tear frozen on his cheek .
if there is one thing i ' ve learned about humans , it 's that they become absolutely unreasonable when it comes to family . ''
wretched unseelie , the only thing they know is violence . ''
but for now , the only thing i wanted was standing right here , looking at me with an expression so open and unguarded that i thought my heart would burst out of my chest .
the one thing you refused to give up .
my relation to meghan was likely the only thing keeping him from drawing his sword and demanding i apologize .
but there was still that tiny sense of unease , that dark , ominous thing kenzie had been keeping from me since we 'd met .
but right now , the last thing i wanted to do was tease and lose whatever was happening between us , whatever this was .
one of the few things i like about this restaurant is the virgin margaritas - they 're made with fresh fruit .
` ` my absolute favorite thing about this class is that we , in effect , let the themes choose us by letting the plays choose us .
things like halibut with an orange tequila jalapeno beurre blanc with kiwi fruit .
i do n't say anything ` ` we think you have that post - traumatic thing , '' henk says .
the only thing duller than watching cricket is listening to it . ''
or maybe it 's the whole running like a dog with my tail between my legs thing .
my heart is doing this frustrated skip - a - beat thing that happens whenever i get upset .
i felt how much he loved us and know death is the only thing that keeps him from being here right now .
i want nothing more than to keep this jacket so i know he will have to see me again , but the last thing i need is something i 'll have to explain to mom .
i really want to slow my pace , but the last thing i want is to risk being late for my first day of work .
one cool thing about mom 's vampire obsession is , when i ' m sneaking around , i do n't have to worry about running into her .
the last thing i want is for him to break your heart because of me . ''
there 's no blinking and i wonder if that 's a vampire thing , or if it 's just because like me , he 's afraid if he takes his eyes off me , i 'll disappear .
` ` vampire genes are a funny thing , '' he says answering my thoughts .
` ` this is pretty fangtastic and all , but i ' m not feeling the whole interview with the vampire thing .
when i left mom 's ridiculous party , the last thing i needed was to come face to face with maggie .
the last thing i need is my best friend acting stranger than my mom .
the only thing i was good at was tennis .
warden miller has this thing about greeting a new inmate on their first day at the doc .
it 's about the only thing making me smile lately .
one thing i learned at the doc from the inmates ... take them when they least expect it .
the first thing i see is a framed picture of a man and woman .
the nagging thing is , i do n't know what kendra knows .
the only thing going on between us is hatred and resentment .
funny thing is , he sounds like he really knows what he 's talking about .
she says the only thing she misses about him are his dogs , which she hung out with whenever she was at his house .
the trailer is only half full , which is another thing that strikes me as strange since there are so many people waiting .
and that 's when i understood what was happening - and invisibility was the thing i needed in order to escape . ''
the one cool thing about the house is the pool in the backyard , which six immediately filled by directing a heavy rainstorm overhead .
but the thing that scares me the most is that when that guy got on that ship , there 's a good chance he was headed this way .
as mysterious as the cave is , one thing i know for sure is that there 'll be no shortage of things - weapons , beasts or traps - that could kill us .
the only thing i can do is stare at the slivers of moonlight that appear and disappear at the end of the tunnel .
the first thing i see as i break the surface is six , standing at the edge of the water , looking for me .
last thing i need is nine seeing me as some kid , scared by bad dreams .
' well , that 's the thing , ' eight sighs .
when my head breaks the surface of the water , the first thing i ' m aware of is a glaring , hot sun .
the thing i can move at this point are my eyes .
the guard always sets the bucket down right next to my cell 's stainless - steel toilet , and i always drag the bucket over next to my bed , the closest thing i get to exercise .
if it does , ella can use her whole telepathy thing and call us back . ''
i know johnny 's supposed to have the healing thing now , too , but i think he only heals girls he 's dating , so the rest of us still need you .
well , there 's another thing sarah and i have in common .
` ` yeah , he 's got this thing about people not starving to death , '' i reply .
the first thing i grab is the tablet that shows our locations .
it is a strange thing , willing someone to see my absence .
her hair smells like vanilla , or coconut , or some other girly thing .
maybe the only good thing about death is that you never have to relive it .
the last thing i need is to spook hannu and his cepan .
besides , the funny thing about being forsaken by my family , by my entire race ?
the only thing that 's special about me is you .
advancing my secret agenda was the last thing on my mind until i heard that name .
the last thing i needed was to be caught in a fight on the dance floor .
for one thing , i ' m not usually a very insecure person .
instead , the only thing that set it apart from any other loric government building was a single statue of the elder pittacus .
the only thing i knew was that it did n't seem like the elders did very much at all , and that most people at the lda , along with the rest of the lorien defense operation , were telling themselves stories about prophecies that would never come true .
if there 's one thing we loric , not to mention our elders , are good at , it 's thinking up new ways to celebrate how great we are .
maybe he knew me better than i 'd figured - if there 's one thing i hate , it 's asking for help .
the first thing i actually saw was an absence : the lda building , the hangar , and the council chamber behind it were all usually bathed in security lights .
the one thing that i ca n't help but notice is the blood .
of course , my dad 's pride is the last thing i ' m looking for now .
for one thing , if he was stationed here he 'll know his way around the surrounding area and any nearby towns .
when malcolm and i first got here , it had been the first thing we spotted , along with a generator right behind it that was powering the base 's electric fence .
` ` survival is one thing .
it 's awkward at first , because even though we have this big thing in common - this september 11th connection - we still do n't know each other that well .
but i guess the thing about fear is that it defies the laws of rationality .
` ` the only thing wrong , really , was the air .
it was that unexpected , almost religious thing : the right song at the right time .
what i share with this arena of strangers is one thing , and what i share with claire is another .
the thing to remember when looking at an absence is that you are standing outside of it .
and the sweet thing about claire is that she 's wrong about half the time when it comes to social interactions , but she 's well intentioned and kind - hearted enough that you do n't really mind ; if anything , you try to bend the situation to meet her intentions , so she wo n't be disappointed .
we think that time is the only thing that passes , but it also changes our relationship to places .
and i understood what she was saying , but the weird thing was that i had n't really thought of her at all .
shedding his human form was like taking off too - tight clothes and running nak*d . freedom - not real freedom , because god knew they were n't really free , but this was the closest thing to it .
brown eyes were the only thing they shared .
rolling his eyes , dawson did n't even bother pointing out the fact that there was n't a single thing different about them .
the fact he liked his jetta was the only thing that stopped him from giving them a new doorway .
funny thing about taking human form was that skin bled and bones broke .
the thing is , every luxen feared daemon 's notorious temper .
his brother was like a lit fuse , ready to explode at any minute , but what they did n't know was that it was another thing dawson shared with daemon .
the last thing he felt was bethany being pulled from his limp arms .
there was n't a thing wrong with it .
he was right behind me , doing that creepy , quiet walking thing .
the last thing i wanted to be wearing was a splint on my first day at a new school , but since my mom was insistent that i 'd wait until my checkup tomorrow after school , i was stuck with more than the ' look , a new girl ! '
` ` it 's another crazy thing about this flying giant dragonfly that warns people before something bad happens .
it 's the only thing i remember about mom . ''
it 's the whole light thing , the way obsidian fractures it . ''
` ` you know , the whole arrogant thing i mentioned .
` ` thinking and kind of are n't the same thing as knowing . ''
the only good thing about today was that i 'd woken up without that itchy rash on my arm .
it 's the only thing i like about the holidays . ''
` ` the only thing ?
` ` that 's the funny thing about trying to escape .
it was nice and sweet and romantic and about a thousand other things that had my heart doing backflips .
the first thing i noticed was the large box beside him , and then the scent of roasted turkey and yams .
` ` see , that 's the funny thing . ''
one thing i hated more than daemon 's douche - nozzle side was him telling me what to do .
sounded good to me , because the last thing i could stomach right now was watching adam and dee go to second base at the lunch table .
` ` the last thing i want right now is a grandchild . ''
` ` the whole raspy thing , but i wish- '' ` ` do n't . ''
i would never tell him this , but beside the ... pricklier side of him that reared its ugly head from time to time , he was the closest thing to perfect i 'd ever met .
not a single thing had changed in his expression .
for one thing , his body was completely relaxed next to mine and this was one of the first times that dawson was acting ... normal .
` ` pretty much what i've- '' the door to the classroom opened as the bell rang and the first thing i noticed was the vintage nintendo shirt worn over a gray thermal .
` ` the closest thing to nothing . ''
chapter 13 lesa came over after school on tuesday to help study for our bio exam the next day , which sucked , because the last thing i could concentrate on was schoolwork .
` ` that 's the fun thing about going to clubs , especially ones out of town . ''
that was the thing about places like this - you get caught up and hours go by but it only feels like long minutes .
the last thing i wanted to do was breathe the same air as blake .
but that was the thing about all of this .
the last thing we need is detention . ''
for one thing , i rarely skipped school .
i used to think the freaky alien speed thing was to annoy me , but it was just his natural state .
turning , he gently kicked my door open and then my heart was doing the skipping thing , because we were in my bedroom and there was no one around to interrupt us .
` ` if i had to pick what i 'd want to accomplish here , it would be to make him suffer , to live on without the thing he cherishes most , but ... he 's not going to die instantaneously , right ?
heat and safety pulled me under and the last thing i heard was daemon 's voice .
` ` handling onyx and having a tolerance is one thing .
sleep is difficult for me , and this euphoria is a beautiful thing .
the only thing in this room is the bed where we are nestled together and a low couch that looks like it 's had better days .
his inappropriate laughter is my favorite thing about him .
i guess that 's the first thing i suspect when someone is lying on the floor .
the only thing i can think about is elliott 's silver syringe .
how can he not know this thing that defines me ?
for one thing , the ground beneath us is reassuringly solid .
in fact , the desire to become a runner was the only thing driving him on , helping him accept his predicament .
last thing we need is you screwin ' that up . ''
the only thing left for them was courage .
thomas was n't complaining - it was the closest thing to normal in his life .
being a runner was the last thing on thomas 's mind .
` ` tomorrow morning , first thing , you guys can assign teams to study the maps full - time while the runners go out .
` ` the first thing the word code makes me think of is letters .
` ` that stupid girl is the last thing i ' m worried about . ''
the only thing interesting was another one of those odd signs that read world in catastrophe - killzone experiment department .
plus , we might have one thing going for us . ''
however , if there was one thing his gut told him , it was not to admit to any doubt .
oddly enough , seeing them this way , thinking all is well , has been the hardest thing for me to observe .
the one thing she chose to clasp on to ?
the last thing i want is to start gasping at the boy .
they 're my favorite thing about myself and one of the only things i get compliments on .
not sure why i brought them , but figured the last thing i would want is to be in need of something other than sweats and not have it on - hand .
all of this is n't the only thing making my leg jump up and down like it 's on crack .
it 's the only thing i seem to have control over .
` ` them frenchy trappers tell me they named the grand teton mountains way out west after mama , and i believe 'em , cause if'n there 's one thing them frenchies know , it 's grand teats , and mama had 'em fer sure .
it is good we are making some money - for one thing , i get to pay katy and jim something for their labors to date .
i decided to keep silent on the subject and just row - for one thing , talking about you upsets clementine .
for one thing , i did n't want higgins to appear to be waiting on me hand and foot , which , of course , i certainly enjoy , but it would damage his image as first mate .
that 's one thing i like about the frontier : you can tell the oldest joke and it 'll be new here .
for one thing , i know she did n't take kindly to my rule of no smoking at any time in officers ' country , as it has become known .
the only thing surprising is that you still have any of your clothes on .
for one thing , it 's too dangerous .
one thing you never know about a river : on one day it can be calm , then within minutes all that can change into a roiling mess that does n't begin to calm down for several days .
one thing i do n't have to guess at is the amount of esteem in which everyone here holds this man .
` ` my face is prolly the last thing yer evah gon na see on this here earth .
but the most striking thing was not its size or even the startling fact of its very presence .
no , the most remarkable thing about this most remarkable tableau was that her companion had no head .
a breeding population could not have gone unnoticed , simply because we are lacking one thing .
the last thing i saw before hiding my face in the doctor 's coat was her luxurious dark curls cascading from one of their jaws .
glad was i for this brief respite - it was not an easy thing , being an apprentice to a monstrumologist of the doctor 's temperament - and doubly glad for the very mundanities that most laymen take for granted and even bemoan in their shortsightedness .
leaving would have invalidated his most cherished belief , the one thing that had made service to the monstrumologist - and the terrible cost of that service - bearable : the idea that warthrop was engaged in ` ` great business '' and to be his assistant meant you , too , were part of that greatness ; that , indeed , without you his ` ` business '' could not even have approached that exalted level .
the rain will be good for one thing , at least .
i may be a fool and a terrible scientist , blinded by ambition and pride to the most obvious truths , but one thing i am not is a liar . ''
the central question , the thing that woke me in the dead of night shivering in a cold sweat , the notion that haunted me as i fought to go back to sleep ... could monsters be real ?
that 's the surprising thing .
perhaps i lost her because it was the one thing she could not give me .
the bite radius is too large , for one thing , and every cut is jagged - an indication that the mouth that bit him lacked incisors . ''
` ` or in him , it means the same thing . ''
i confided to her the most striking thing about that most striking scene in the sickroom - the tears in the monstrumologist 's eyes .
the last thing i saw before it attached itself were the teeth emerging from the recesses of the yawning pit of its mouth .
what is the one thing they have in common ?
what meager solace could he take in his principles when the one thing he 'd lived for had been snatched away in the space of an hour ?
the even exhalations of the once - human thing on the bed are the only things the boy can hear - metronomic , the ticking of the human clock , lulling him to sleep .
the only thing the director recalled the man saying was the words , ' the nest !
i begged , i coaxed , i appealed to his reason , the one thing to which he always clung , no matter how strongly the dark tide pulled him down .
` ` that 's the wonderful thing about life , '' retorted kearns heartily .
i require but one thing , now and always : unquestioning , unhesitating , unwavering loyalty .
the thing we desire and deny .
the thing that was before you were and will be long after you are gone .
maeterlinck - if that 's his real name , which i doubt - spoke true about one thing : an actual living specimen of t. cerrejonensis would have the potential to make its captor richer than all the robber barons combined . ''
i was the one thing that kept him human .
the message contained in the box had to be answered , you know it as well as i , but dr . kearns was right about one thing : there is something missing in you , a blind spot that prevents you from seeing all the way down to the inescapable conclusion of your philosophy- '' ` ` enough ! ''
hunter zaccadelli would be the last thing i saw when i went to bed and the first thing i 'd see when i woke up .
hunter zaccadelli would be the last thing i saw when i went to bed and the first thing i 'd see when i woke up .
the bouncer looked like he was probably on the football team and greeted mase like they were long lost friends , doing that weird one - armed hug , back pat thing dudes do when they do n't want to hug .
` ` we need to talk , '' i said , ` ` and you ca n't do that thing where you shut down or do n't answer or make some sort of innuendo so i 'll get distracted or off topic .
i knew she wanted to say something else , but she was doing that waiting thing she did when she wanted to pretend she had moved on to another topic .
the only thing worse about him knowing and then running away would be him accepting it .
tears were the last thing on my mind .
the thing was that i did n't have a good answer .
it was the strangest thing , being in the room alone without you .
one thing about my art - while the quality of the work i have done must be judged by others , there is one thing i know - i am fast .
one thing about my art - while the quality of the work i have done must be judged by others , there is one thing i know - i am fast .
the most prominent thing in the room is the bed , and i certainly can guess why .
` ` one thing that is known about marshal de groote - he likes his girls little and he likes them young . ''
one thing i regret is not getting more money out of jardineaux before i left .
but the thing that warms my heart the most is your portrait of me that hangs on the wall next to the head of your bed .
one thing my mother never knew , and would disapprove of most of all , was that i watched the garretts .
` ` he 's got that man - of - the - people thing going on .
the first thing that hits me is the color .
the worst thing about being a blonde is that your entire body blushes - ears , throat , everything .
` ` well , one thing i do know is that he 's gone a long way for a relatively young man .
` ` the one thing you have to be careful with about corn snakes is that sometimes they defecate when they are stressed . ''
` ` well , that movie theater gig was boring as all fuck , for one thing , '' tim offers , lighting up .
one thing you ' ve always been good at is making choices .
the window glass is chilly against my cheek , the only cool thing in the warm car .
it 's the thing you always get .
` ` that 's the thing about a one - man business ... all riding on luck . ''
i ' m now doing that hiccupping thing that comes after too much sobbing , making it difficult to catch my breath .
but you just do n't know for sure if , when things fall apart , you 'll think safety first or if safety will be the last thing on your mind .
he said truth was a flexible thing .
` ` the thing is ... you were the very last thing on my mind .
i live out the college freshman lie to hold on to the only thing in my life that 's not in ruins - ely .
the thing about a trap is you get caught and ca n't get out .
that 's the thing about tris : she 's never subtle .
he really has the whole dark , brooding thing going on .
and maybe that 's where the whole brooding thing comes from .
we moved around too much for that , not that mom wanted to , but want and need are n't always the same thing .
the only thing i know about the state is it 's cold , full of trees , and sarah palin can see russia from here .
he does this weird breathing thing .
you 're the only thing that 's changed to make her act this way . ''
looking at him , i realize he 's probably the closest thing to a father i ' ve ever had .
he 's the only thing that takes the sting out of dad being gone .
that was one thing about living in the back of dot 's : someone was always yelling about something .
but that was another thing you learned when playing panic : people would surprise you .
that was another thing dodge liked about secrets : they bonded people together .
the last thing she wanted was more pity from him .
that was one good thing about the trailer : you always knew what was what , where the walls were , who was home .
` ` that 's the thing about trust . ''
i ' m wasted , but the last thing i need is narcs in my system on top of the marijuana and beer .
chapter 25 brittany the sound of my sister 's heavy breathing beside me is the first thing i hear as early morning sunlight pours into her room .
the last thing i need is mrs . peterson 's wrath .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned in mexico , it 's that you do n't open your mouth .
the last thing i need is to be opening a drawer only to find tampons , makeup , or other female crap .
the last thing i need is to watch her date other guys .
after i leave here , they 're the only thing i have left . ''
when most of your family have been gang members , the last thing you want is a police officer knocking on your door .
mariana and i have only one thing in common : our parents were born in mexico .
13 luis the best thing about surviving the first week of school is that you appreciate weekends and being able to sleep in .
the last thing i need is my brothers giving me shit , especially now .
the only thing keeping me here is the fact that if i do n't , i wo n't know what chuy has up his sleeve .
the last thing i need is you creatin ' drama . ''
the last thing i want is nikki to start asking questions again .
the only thing i have left is my father 's legacy as a hardass who never backed down until he was dead and buried .
` ` so do n't you have that thing where if your best friend likes a girl , she 's off - limits ? ''
the other thing that surprises me is how i forget how gorgeous he is until he 's next to me again .
` ` and that 's just the first thing . ''
` ` the cool thing about mind powers is that if someone has an advanced mind , they ' ve usually learned how to do other cool things with it as well . ''
it was the first thing i noticed .
the only thing i had control over was figuring it out now .
if i knew one thing about connor , it was that he had a lot of pride .
the demobilizer in my hand was the last thing i had thought of when two people were dying in front of me .
that was the last thing addie needed .
the first thing she saw when she pulled up to alison 's old victorian home at the top of the leafy street was a huge pile of trash on the curb and a big sign marked , free !
the only thing that made her feel better was the memory of ezra , that guy she 'd met at snookers .
she was too busy to freak out , but that was the only thing keeping her from freaking out .
it was such a relief ; this was the only thing that made her feel better .
an invite to a sweet party was just the thing she needed to cheer up .
she doubted it ; the last thing she could remember was his little self - esteem speech before he 'd ditched her in the woods .
` ` you 're the only positive thing in my life right now .
the thing is , i ' m a liar , too .
the thing was , mike had been following hanna around like a lost puppy for years .
the only thing that lifted hanna 's spirits was seeing that the cold mask had turned the area around riley 's brown eyes a harsh , chapped red .
` ` but that 's the thing , '' she whispered .
the only slightly annoying thing about iris was that she talked nonstop about her old roommate , courtney , who apparently used to be the grand dame of the preserve .
the last thing i want is some loser hanging on me .
the last thing she wanted to do was reminisce about real ali trying to burn them alive .
that was the thing about guys , though : sometimes , they had the emotional depth of a flea .
the girl was the only thing she saw .
for one thing , mike had gotten a ride with her this morning instead of waiting for hanna to pick him up .
the last thing i need is another a .
no one , not even ali or the others , had asked aria to teach them - it had always been aria 's weird thing .
the thing is , i 'll never be like him .
this was n't a way to start a friendship , and the last thing emily wanted was to keep yet another secret from someone .
the last thing she wanted was to upset her friend and send her into a downward spiral of destructive drinking .
but she did n't want ian - that was spencer 's weird thing .
but ali 's favorite thing about saks was that it always smelled like they were inside a perfume factory .
the one thing she kept of her sister 's was the ceiling lamp above her head , a mobile of several bright yellow stars and a silvery moon .
the last thing she wanted was to kiss him , but something about the way he was looking at her made her feel superhero - powerful , like she could spin cars over her head or bend bars of steel with her mind .
the first thing ali saw was nick 's heartbreakingly cute face - those soulful eyes , those pink kissable lips , those cute locks of hair that curled over his ears .
the last thing she wanted was their pity .
she smelled freshly brewed coffee and baked cinnamon rolls , the thing her mom always made for her when she was little and needed cheering up .
the last thing she could think of was eating right now , but if she did n't , her sister might sense just how anxious she was feeling .
` ` for one thing , eating clubs are coed .
-a 19 secret agent hanna the thing about camo , hanna realized , was that it was really ugly .
the last thing she remembered seeing was a dark shape standing next to her , glaring .
they were the only thing she 'd eaten .
the last thing she wanted to do was reminisce about jamaica .
the only thing special about the lobby was that it was jam - packed with kids evacuated from the cruise ship .
thanks for meeting me , for one thing .
for one thing , emily kept waiting for the preserve to call up and say , um , have you stolen our patient ?
that was the nice thing about rosewood day : they had a big budget for decorations .
` ` you know , the worst thing about being dumped was that he did it two weeks before prom .
the last thing she wanted was for him to go away for life , too .
someone just out of the photo had an arm slung around her shoulder - the only identifying thing was a gold watch on the person 's hairy wrist .
` ` the last thing we need is for you to land in the hospital , too . ''
but then , maybe mona could sense the exact same thing about her .
the best thing about it was ems . ''
it was yet another thing hanna could n't compete with .
deep down , hanna really is a good girl the first thing hanna heard on sunday morning was someone singing that elvis costello song ` ` alison . ''
this was exactly what had happened the first time she 'd met kate and isabel in annapolis : she 'd felt so nervous and awkward that the only thing that soothed her was eating copious amounts of food .
the last thing she wanted was for kate to usurp her father 's love again .
the last thing hanna needed was pictures of herself sweating and squatting with a bunch of losers getting on the internet .
an unoccupied desk was the first thing she saw , then a mini rotating christmas tree on the floor .
the only interesting thing about me is that i ' m irish ? ''
it was sweet how supportive they were being about her sexuality , but the last thing she could think about right now was a relationship .
the waitress delivered their drinks , and mike and xavier chattered on about all the other things they hated about iceland : that one of the country 's delicacies was rotten shark .
the only thing aria heard was the indian sitar music ella always listened to before work - she often left it on all day , maintaining that it was soothing for their cat , polo , and the plants .
but the thing aria liked most about ali was ali 's gorgeous , sensitive older brother .
the only thing spencer could see was his eyes .
the only thing she knew about aries people was that they were impatient , had to be the center of attention , and were sometimes kind of slutty .
the last thing she wanted was for him to think she was one of the privileged , spoiled rich kids .
there was just one thing missing : aria herself .
sometimes knowing that i 'll be getting a letter from you is the only thing pushing me through my days .
the only thing she 's missing is the pissed - off caw .
the last thing i want is to be trapped in a car with her .
if i learned one thing from vacation bible school , it was that resurrection of the dead is possible .
the only thing keeping me from punching him is beth 's expression .
i somehow wonder if his love is the only thing that 's kept me from losing my mind .
the funny thing is , he appears relaxed , but his eyes keep searching the crowd .
so we have at least one thing in common , besides cars and the drag race and eric ... .
my word is the only thing i truly own .
rachel is the one thing in my life i ca n't lose .
the only thing the bottom of the suit does do that 's a little annoying is ride up over my butt cheeks a bit , but , again , who cares about that ?
` ` for one thing , i believe that captain jimenez , for all his charms , is illiterate .
that was the thing she liked best about himhe never questioned her competence .
that was the only thing salvation had in common with college , the enclave where i had been raised .
so when stalker started going on about how i was the only thing he liked about salvation , it made me twitchy .
eating several times a day was my favorite thing about salvation .
if there was one thing stalker was good at , it was adapting to new situations .
i never cared how i looked ; the only thing that mattered down below was keeping clean .
do you have any idea why- '' ` ` when you got me away from the wolves , the thing i liked best about you was that you did n't treat me like a bird with a broken wing .
she 's the closest thing salvation has to a doctor since doc tuttle did n't make it out . ''
the last thing the older man did was pull a hand ax out of his pack .
the last time i went out with her , i noticed the same thing .
the only positive thing about all the traveling was that we 'd gotten good at eluding detection by the freaks , as they roved in great bands .
the worst thing about this town was the lack of privacy .
but the only thing i noticed was the strange way rav was acting , especially toward me .
the one thing that always ended hide - and - seek was calling him by his full name .
the thing was , professor layton thought that every aspect of mathematics was ` ` incredible . ''
if there 's one thing these people are really good at , you can bet it 's arithmetic . ''
yeah , sure , i did have a big imagination , but daydreaming is one thing .
the last thing i wanted was to dissolve into thin air in front of the entire class .
for one thing , i 'd never kissed a boy .
the last thing i saw was my huge hat lying forgotten on the table .
it 's from the creed of the games : ' the most important thing in the olympic games is not to win but to take part . ' ''
` ` that 's the funny thing about it . ''
i immediately felt twice as bad , for one thing because of the hooped skirt with its red and white stripes worn over my own uniform ( i looked like one of the traffic cones they put around roadworks and building sites ) , for another because puffylips lost no time in complaining of me : ` ` ... does n't know right from left ... clumsiest creature i ever saw ... not very quick on the uptake ... an impossible task ... stupid thing ... ca n't turn a duck into a swan ... no way she can go to that soiree without attracting the wrong sort of attention ...
the sneaky thing about the vodka was that all the vanilla ice cream kept you from tasting it , and the stuff obviously had different effects on different people .
` ` pastrami sandwiches , for one thing , and too much sunlight .
( that 's the good thing about braided hairstyles - the braids act as built - in curlers , so you look like a christmas tree fairy when you undo them . )
those must certainly fall into the category of famous last words , the sort that are the last thing you hear before your death .
my boobs are completely squished into his chest , which is the first thing that makes me try to shift off him .
or that weird hybrid thing .
i open my eyes and the first thing i see is jett .
javier flavor is not my favorite thing .
but the thing about javi is that his attention span is pretty damn short .
if there is one thing you can count on hazel for , it 's spreading relationship drama around to all our other friends , so they can discuss it and decide what to do about it and how to intervene and somehow make it better , while also making it worse .
it 's a strange thing , to never know peace .
the only thing i ' ve always dreamt about .
dignity is the only thing i have left .
he was the closest thing to a friend i ever had .
sleep is the only thing i look forward to these days .
i try to understand the confidence he has in who he thinks i am and realize his reassurance is the only thing stopping me from diving into a pool of my own insanity .
` ` your touch is the only thing keeping me from losing my mind . ''
it was the only thing that kept me from heaving her off the hawthorne bridge .
the one good thing about having her as a roommate was that she was a deep sleeper .
the only good thing about it was that it was green and matched her eyes .
but by far the strangest thing about him was his hands .
the weird thing about it was that a part of him wanted to throw her out , and get back to his work .
if there was one thing she had learned , it was that monsters only had the power that you gave them .
it did n't actually hurt the spirit being chimed , but it was a pretty dull way to spend one 's days , and if boredom was the closest thing to suffering that the mcgill could inflict , he would have to live with that .
if there was one thing mary knew it was the simple rule that every mother tells her child : if you 're lost , stay put .
she was ten when she had died , and the thing she remembered about herself more than anything else was that she had long , luxurious hair -- so now it trailed behind her like a smooth amber bridal train .
unfortunately the same thing goes for bombs .
he looked no worse off than the shuttle itself , except for one thing -- the cigarette that had perpetually hung from his lip since the moment he died was now gone -- the only part of him incinerated by the explosion .
only one thing was stronger than its loyalty : its desire to perform the death - defying , crowd - pleasing high dive .
it is a serious thing when a skinjacker goes home -- you will be the last thing on her mind .
zin had become a whiz at dazzling audiences with the items she ripped right before their eyes , and once they were wide - eyed with wonder , nick offered them a feast without being asked , because if there was one thing that was universal in everlost , it was the absence of , and the craving for , a good meal .
but if there was one thing zin had come to learn and respect about the ogre , it was his strategy as a general ... and the fact that everything he did was always a single move in a much larger campaign .
allie did know his name , because if there 's one thing that little kids fill every thought with , it 's their identity .
if there was one thing that allie had , it was insight into the soul , having seen through the eyes of so many people - and every time they showed seth fellon on the news , there was something about him - something about the whole situation - that did n't sit right with her .
they were also fully awake , and knew everything that was happening to them - and although they struggled to get control of their own bodies , they had no experience with such a thing .
if there was one thing she learned about everlost , it was that tales often grew very , very tall .
` ` but i know the only thing more seductive than power ... is greater power . ''
the last thing that lacey needed was an audience .
i sense it - and if there 's one thing i ' m good at , it 's sensing .
` ` the only thing that scares me , '' said allie , a little bit brusquely , ` ` is a world ruled by mary . ''
the thing is , alamogordo has its own ' ground zero . '
if there 's one thing i do n't miss about texas , it 's the country music .
the only thing i want to think about right now is my bed .
this thing about you that you think is your flaw - it 's the reason i ' m falling in love with you . ''
the only thing i know is that it 's midnight and i ' m beating on will 's door .
i thought about kel , and how he was the only thing that was important to me .
the only thing that mattered in the seconds before i thought i was about to die .
that 's the last thing i want to be to him right now .
the only thing any of us have in common is the inevitable .
but the thing that bothers me is , what if the person who writes it does n't want to relive it ?
he 's the only thing that kept me going ...
the only thing i can think of is the fact that she 's in her bra in front of another guy .
of course this is the one thing he would pick up on out of my entire confession .
when vaughn 's with me , you 'll be the last thing on her mind . ''
because of every single thing about you . ''
lake is the only thing he has in this world .
i 'll do my best to help you finish growing up with the closest thing to a dad you can have .
the worst thing about hospitals is the furniture .
it was the first thing she ate since thursday .
` ` they were the last thing , i promise . ''
` ` the last thing i want is your pity , '' i say , looking her in the eyes .
the last thing i need right now is a distraction .
her playful interaction with him is just one more thing that intrigues me about her .
this is the last thing i need right now , but somehow it 's the only thing i want .
this is the last thing i need right now , but somehow it 's the only thing i want .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned how to do well in my life , it 's adapt .
i 'll definitely see her at home every day considering her house is the first thing i see when i walk out my own front door .
the only thing keeping us apart is a damn job title .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned about today , it 's that i do n't handle jealousy well .
the fact that i ' m a hundred yards away and not able to do a damn thing about it is the hardest thing of all .
kel is the only thing she 'll have left .
` ` fun should have been the fourth thing on my mom 's list , '' she says , dropping herself beside me , breathless from the effort she spent trying to attack me .
i have too much responsibility , and with how things are going for her right now , the last thing she needs is to put her life on hold for me .
her pale skin was the only thing about her that could be considered winterish .
my magic was the only thing keeping me together , that and the coat that was protecting me from the cold night air .
the last thing i needed was him catching up to me .
haydyn 's evocation was n't the only thing in phaedra changing .
` ` if there be one thing these here mountains learn us , rogan , it be life is often harsh ... and always temporary .
the deaths of our parents was one thing that had drawn us together when i 'd written to noah while he was deployed to afghanistan .
when she finished crying , she wiped her eyes and said , ` ` amber , you 're the best thing about my life . ''
` ` you know what 's the weirdest thing about that ? ''
maybe it ran in the family , or maybe it was a cultural thing that i did nt ' understand , but both kiran and sebastian had a terrible time taking a hint .
` ` i ' m sorry ; i mean i should have apologized first thing this morning , '' when i did n't respond he continued , ` ` i should have apologized for last night , i feel responsible .
the best thing about sharing a room with her was getting unlimited access to her fabulous closet .
i had to think of something neutral and safe and the only thing that came to mind was myself .
kiran would be picking me up soon and the last thing i wanted was an entourage .
the only thing that terrified me more than taking an actual life , was coming face to face with the man i once imagined spending forever with .
i could n't take my eyes from her though , she stared at me accusingly , silently screaming at me for betraying the man i once loved as if our love were the only thing in the world .
the only thing that would change at that point is that our rescue mission would include two of my family members instead of just one , '' i answered , authoritatively .
it felt so good to have a friend , or the closest thing to a friend i had , here .
` ` the last thing she needs right now is to be coddled , '' kiran interrupted , stomping over to us .
at that time , the only thing i had to lose was avalon and part of me had already grieved his loss while the other part fought like a madman to save him .
the only thing i was good at was holding tightly to whichever male was twirling me in the air .
although the whole twin thing with you and avalon is bizarre .
but that 's just it , i just keep on living , and everyone else just keeps on dying ... . that 's the thing with real immortality .
` ` the only thing boys care about when you walk away is ... . well , we know what it is , ok ? ''
i moved on , away from the painful moments with my grandfather to even worse moments as , in hopeless agony , kiran watched amory die and with the death of his mentor came the loss of the only thing in his life that made this battle worth it : me .
i shivered , thankful for his embrace that seemed to be the only thing keeping me from emotionally and physically combusting .
when eden had exchanged herself for me , she had not only saved my life , but she had given up the one thing that could never be taken from me .
` ` here is the thing about my brother though , '' eden narrowed her eyes on me , her face turning completely serious .
my heart did this kick start thing where i swear it completely stalled for a moment before it started thundering in my chest .
titus and sebastian had this weird bromance thing going on , and titus had probably been around her a lot , spent a lot of time with her because of sebastian .
dodge and weave , that was the first thing to remember when running into bullet fire .
` ` punctuality was pretty much the only thing we were known for .
the shirt of his casual uniform stretches in a way i ca n't ignore , and the last thing i want is for him to notice me staring .
hallucinations can be a sign of a number of things , but i ca n't help thinking that in lilac 's case , it 's simply all too much .
the last thing i remember was thinking that i 'd never get to sleep on this damn bunk .
the whispers somehow re - created those two things , and lilac 's the only thing left that they ' ve given us .
the whispers somehow re - created those two things , and lilac 's the only thing left that they ' ve given us .
the last drop of someone 's cold , bitter coffee was one thing .
if there was one thing i had learned through all of this it was how much i truly loved humanity and most of all the community i grew up in .
tristan 's muscles were n't the only thing that had been fought for and refined over time .
the one thing i did know though was that for the first time , when seth talked about our entwined future , it did n't terrify me .
the only thing that mattered were our beating hearts pressed against each other , our souls intertwined in the metaphysical place surrounding our bodies and our hands clutching at an emotion so palpable and defining that our entire lives would be changed after this moment .
the strangest thing about this hug though , was that there was no guilt .
` ` you should- '' ` ` the only thing i care about is you . ''
i hated that i loved him while he was like this ; at the same time i knew that my love was the only thing that would save him .
the first thing caia noticed about her was the warm friendliness in her eyes , but as her gaze travelled over her she realized that the girl , with her piercing blue eyes and luscious curves and curls , was as outrageously attractive as the rest of these creatures .
` ` you 're not used to people and the whole art of conversation thing yet , huh ? ''
6 - unwanted caia woke up the next morning feeling a little more optimistic about her return to the pack , and dare she say filled with that dangerous thing they called hope .
right now , the last thing on earth he wanted was to care about her .
she tried not to be pleased at how she affected him , but it must have been a female thing because she could n't help but want to wag her tail in smugness .
they all seemed to have forgotten one thing .
the last thing she remembered was killing five people .
the last thing we need is giving the wrong people inspiration . ''
the only thing she could feel was the tight grip of vil 's hand .
` ` we better hope she has n't , '' he ripped out in a voice he did n't recognize , ` ` or my muzzle is the last thing she 'll ever see . ''
reuben held the wolf with one hand clamped around its thick neck , his lips drawn back in a matching snarl , his fangs the only thing she could see .
the only thing holding him together right now was that hope .
coach had been right about one thing : when eureka was low , running helped .
the last thing she wanted to do was relive today 's accident for dad .
there 's not a thing about you i could ever hate . ''
she felt one thing above all else : unbearable loss .
the only thing awkward was her arms , pinned to her sides by his embrace .
kayden i open my eyes and the first thing i see is light .
the last thing i see before i pass out is the most beautiful blue - eyed , brown - haired girl i ' ve ever laid eyes on .
besides , i ' m trying to keep my distance and protect her from me because the last thing she needs is my instability and f**ked - up head .
she would be there with me and she 'd be the last thing i 'd ever feel and breathe .
callie i had one of those moments where i knew that every single thing i did mattered , from the way that i breathed , to the tone of my voice .
he wanted to take away the one thing that had ever really belonged to me , the only power i 'd ever had .
the only thing that mattered was that he 'd changed his mind .
one thing my daedal was not : clumsy .
the first thing i noticed were a thousand candles floating throughout the room from ceiling to floor .
it was the sexiest thing on earth .
as we climbed the stairs and entered the palace , the first thing i noticed was the horrible smell .
his gentle kiss was the last thing i felt before the fog of the island overtook me .
the wonderful thing about home is that it can be whatever i want it to be .
and in all of this time spent with james , the only thing i have managed to figure out is that i ' m in trouble .
` ` the doctor came round first thing and said i was okay to be released home .
and once again , just like that , the subject slips away , and this time i ' m thankful because the last thing i need to hear about is the one - time almost love of his life .
` ` she 's only behaving this way because she loves you , '' i say , sounding oddly rational when it 's the last thing i feel at the moment .
i look around the empty space surrounding me , needing support , needing something to cling to , so i cling to the only thing i can - myself .
and that 's the really weird thing about my amnesia , you see , the doctors ca n't seem to figure out how i ' ve come to acquire it .
for one thing , she was more petite than she 'd appeared in photographs - my height or a little shorter .
there 's such a thing as giving of yourself when someone needs you .
the only thing that looked normal about the diary appeared inside the cover , in very faded ink .
the only thing that was changed before my birth was my chosen gift .
the scariest thing to me was that some of this was beginning to sound logical .
trey 's visits were the only thing i had to look forward to , especially since katherine and connor were adamant that i would n't be leaving the house at all for the time being .
` ` the thing that i like to focus on , '' charlayne said to trey , ` ` is that the way gives us the tools for a happy and successful life here and now .
for one thing , i ' m almost a carbon copy of prudence .
i braced myself for nothingness , thinking only how very happy i was that trey 's face , and not simon 's ugly leer , was the last thing i would see before i vanished , just like katherine .
` ` the thing that 's really killing me , kate , is that i ' m not going to know whether you fail or succeed .
` ` chronos regulations , for one thing .
smile at me , flip me onto my back with one of your wicked ninja moves , and then kiss me - even if i forget every single thing about you , i ' m a guy , kate .
the only thing that kept me from hurling the stupid shoes into the lagoon was the fact that there was no finish line nearby where i could find functional replacement footgear .
the only thing i could hope was that my voice would travel better than i could .
kiernan 's sleeping face was the first thing that i saw , his long dark hair damp against his skin .
the last thing she wanted was an enemy .
if he was a complete jerk it would be one thing , but there 's not a single jerky thing about him . ''
she had to deal with cooper conversations at school and the last thing she wanted was to continue them at home .
the only thing she could compare it to was being on a jet ski in the summer waves of the pacific .
we had our college plans all mapped out in our freshman year , but when she fell into that depression stuff , college was the last thing on her mind . ''
trust or not , the first thing that always comes to mind , no matter who you are , is wondering if something might really be going on between them .
he 's been shaving less , too ; he 's got that whole sexy stubble thing goin ' on .
but no matter what , the one thing that has never changed is that we 're still together .
the whole job situation is the only thing that we never quite worked out when it comes to what we 'll do when we want to leave raleigh for a month or more .
and every day that i look back on our life now , the only thing that scares me anymore is knowing that we came within an inch of spending the rest of our lives in north carolina .
it 's an amazing thing , our shared zap .
the one thing my mom and pop did have going on for one another was the deepest of loves .
her pretend frostiness was just another thing i liked about her .
she scared me to death during dinner when she admitted to feeling the same thing .
the only thing new in my truck was the stereo my uncle danny and aunt becky had bought me for christmas the year before .
the only thing barbie doll - like about jules was her insanely long legs and crazy long hair , everything else was jules ' .
the only thing missing to complete the look was her hand anchoring a wide brimmed hat to her head and maybe her eyes squinting in the sun .
he was the last thing i wanted her thinking about .
` ` one of the greatest thing about character is its peculiar after effect .
this was affecting jules ' health and her body was n't the only thing thinning .
she 's nothing but dirt underneath my fingernails , o nly good for one thing . ''
2 up for a challenge , down for the deed here 's the thing about me and parties : even the ones i do n't want to go to i have to look smoking hot for .
but as alexis ushers us into shavasana , the final relaxation , the last thing i feel is calm .
the only nice thing about this patio was that it faced away from the casinos , offering a large swath of clear , uninterrupted sky .
for one thing , there were certain times in life where she felt accompanied , as if someone was watching her .
the first thing she saw was a large stack of pink envelopes sitting on sutton 's bed .
if there was one thing i was learning , it was that looks could be deceiving ... ... as if on cue , four sharp ringtones fil ed the room .
his anger was intense - even he admitted it was his worst quality , the thing that reminded him most of his father .
one thing i did know was that my killer was now watching emma 's every move right along with me , making sure that she plays along .
with everything else going on , the last thing she needed was to do battle with him , too .
just one more thing to add to her things i hate about the lying game list : taking everything a step too far .
the only thing she could hear was the soft , constant chatter of birds overhead .
the last thing she wanted was to make eye contact .
the thing is , sutton mercer has never had a cavity in her life .
that 's the last thing i need . ''
that was the thing about family .
back when i used to have this little thing known as dignity , this particularly nasty alliance of inheritors had decided they wanted to rule the world .
the whole impossible thing about it was even if all my fantasies came true and she wanted me like i wanted her , i did n't actually want that - there 's a mind bender for you .
` ` that 's the wonderful thing about ultimatums , son .
` ` as a reminder of the only thing i 'll ever lose to you . ''
what emma saw in this pond feeder was beyond me , but the only thing that kept me from making sure he spent the rest of his days sipping his meals from a straw was her .
one thing i did know was that i did n't want to find out , but i also knew given our situation , i 'd probably be finding out just how proficient a bluffer he was sooner rather than later .
this little thing called selflessness was trying to crawl its way into my heart .
probably not the genius iq choice given one of only thirty ever made vehicles would be hard to replace , but i loved making an entrance , and the only thing sexier on the road than the car growling in front of us would be emma and me speeding down the highway .
silence and a stare was the only thing we shared for almost a full minute - every bit as awkward as you 'd think it would be when a gorgeous woman was staring you down while passers - by looked on like we were the latest and greatest reality show to hit the airwaves .
trust was a simple thing , or at least so it seemed at face value , but the thing about living two centuries of existence is that one learns that trust is rarer than love .
` ` this whole driving like a maniac thing , '' she said finally , twirling her finger around the windshield , ` ` does n't impress women .
the one good thing about being the last single brother was i 'd gleaned invaluable experience by watching my brothers with their wives .
the only thing that overshadowed my shock was my relief .
she asked like that was the only thing she 'd picked up on , although the great thing about a fair - skinned woman was a blush .
she asked like that was the only thing she 'd picked up on , although the great thing about a fair - skinned woman was a blush .
fear of what , i could n't pinpoint , it could have been of the fight escalating , one of us getting hurt , her getting suspended for her involvement , i did n't know , but one thing i did know was that i was n't going to leave her alone with ty in his present state of rage .
i could n't take the martyr thing any longer .
of course i could have knocked on her door at anytime to check on her too , and i almost did a hundred different times , but some egging thing that felt a lot like instinct told me showing up unannounced at her door could make things worse .
this thing with women striking me speechless was becoming a regular occurrence .
perhaps the only good thing about having heightened senses in a room like this was that i was able to zone in on his voice through the deafening drone surrounding me .
when i glanced back over my shoulder at her , her eyes were the first thing i noticed .
it was the one thing i could n't give her .
harmony was a small thing to exchange to be with emma .
i knew i was going on and on , covering all the details , but one thing i 'd learned from generations of interacting with women is that they want to know all the details .
emma 's firm hand holding my arm was the only thing keeping me from charging him again .
i could tell you there is n't a single thing about myself i like so much i would n't be willing to change it for you .
that was the only thing that kept me from tearing myself apart .
the thing about the kind of love i had for emma was that it was as unequivocal as it was permanent .
` ` the only thing you lost tonight was a career in middle management .
chapter nineteen the wonderful thing about ambulances , when you 're trying to figure out where someone ended up without asking a lot of questions , is that they take their passengers to the closest hospital .
damn it was infuriating how much sense he made when sense was the last thing i wanted to see .
rational was the last thing i felt when i pinned gigantor to the ground and introduced his beefy face to the business end of my fist .
but damn , losing it however and whenever with emma scarlett was the thing male fantasies were made of .
the only thing that got me through the day was the knowledge joseph was with her .
one of the tiny gold hoops i 'd picked out for her the first night she stayed at my house , when sleep was the last thing on my mind .
everything except for his board shorts had been stripped from his body , that was the first thing i noticed , but then the lacerations and bruising smattering joseph 's body did n't only catch my attention , they held all of my attention .
the other superb thing about being stuck in this barless prison was that my gift was rendered useless .
as the life drained from me , sucked away by the first girl i 'd ever loved , the face of the girl i 'd love for the rest of eternity - no matter where i spent it - was the only thing my mind clung to .
the other thing about mortality ?
the only thing about being down here in the evening is you 're always likely to run into a panhandler , and of course we do .
` ` and then there 's that whole enormous dick thing . ''
` ` that 's another thing military school needs to pound into him - respect for authority . ''
for one thing , she 's not the exact opposite of cassidy .
they ' ve made the mistake of thinking that power over others and leadership are the same thing .
the last thing aimee needs is some letch dude drooling on her .
the whole magnetic thing about sex is you want the other person to want you .
see , that 's just the thing .
the number one best thing about marvin 's is they have a jukebox with plenty of dean martin , so i plug in a few songs and we settle back to talk .
for one thing , she 's into you .
i guess the only thing that 's different is no whisky in the 7up .
and to tell her she was going to skull 's bay for one thing , but to really send her here for this ... she felt her nostrils flare .
` ` that man 's as much in love with himself as you are ; the last thing we need is for him to know that he had the upper hand in there . ''
the last thing she needed was to wake up with a scorpion in her hair .
the last thing she needed was the attention of all those soldiers on her .
` ` for what it is worth , celaena , '' he rasped , ` ` i believe you were the closest thing to a friend ansel has ever allowed herself to have .
the word was the only thing that kept her from screaming .
the last thing she needed was to be sick in front of them .
which was another thing she 'd never admit , even though hiding the throbbing pain in her limbs was nearly impossible .
the last thing she needed was for whatever was down there to wind up in her rooms .
not that getting lost was a possibility , she reassured herself as the silence of the library became a living thing .
philippa had only given her a sad look - another thing that made celaena sick - and left .
we know that gratitude is the last thing on your mind .
i dated this one guy , norris , for about two seconds , which was as long as it took for us to realize that the only thing we had in common was that we were gay .
the one thing i had n't managed to obtain was her cell phone number , so i resorted to stalking her around campus .
one thing about going to a pricey and old private college was that the surrounding apartments were n't run - down shitholes owned by slumlords .
the thing with making up stories is that people always wanted details .
it was amazing that the eating disorder was the only thing lana developed .
` ` it 'd be the first thing i would bring up if i was hitting on a girl .
it 's the last thing he should ever feel .
i wonder if it 's the same thing with him .
if there is one thing that 's always been clear to me , it 's that my happiness is linked with hers .
the funny thing about being called a savage was that it made him want to act like one .
when they finally drew apart , the first thing she saw was the grin she always savored .
that was the only thing she knew about him .
` ` pride is the first thing you lose out there , '' he continues .
silent and lethal , roar was the closest thing he had to an assassin .
the only thing he really contributed were his piloting skills , and those were shaky .
it was the first thing perry noticed when he opened his eyes .
` ` i noticed the same thing earlier .
control over the boy is the only thing we lack . ''
` ` the only thing i did n't account for was natural night vision among my captives .
the only thing he wanted more at the moment was a bed .
they had one thing in common .
talon 's position was the only thing he liked about this situation .
the only thing she knew was that she still gripped the gun .
the woodcut is crude and does n't look at all like me - much too buxom , for one thing , and for another , i never smoked a pipe .
the first thing i see as the water leaves my face is the furious eyes of joseph jared a few scant inches in front of my nose .
if there 's one thing i know in this world , it 's the ways of sailors when they are ashore with something jingling in their pockets .
one thing i found reassuring was that , even though my mother looked exactly like me , she managed to have two children without dying .
` ` could be a blood sugar thing . ''
my mind races for the right response to this information , some way to acknowledge this amazing thing we have in common .
that 's one thing about angela : she never does anything halfway .
but i ' ve been having the same daydream thing , over and over again , for like three years . ''
` ` the thing with tucker ?
` ` one thing about jackson hole high , everybody is in everybody 's business . ''
another thing i usually love about tucker : he 's unflinchingly honest , forthright to a fault .
one thing i do know is that we can never go back .
the only thing my vision has in common with any of clara 's is that at the top of those steps i see a guy with his back turned to me , like she saw the back of christian in her initial vision - not that she knew it was christian at the time .
prologue the first thing i ' m aware of is the dark .
he does his laugh / exhale thing .
` ` i thought there 's no such thing as time for you . ''
that whole glory - terrifies - humans thing .
i ' ve never felt that kind of rage from him before , and it 's a frightening thing .
they would be the thing i missed the most about the corps , but i also would miss the sense of purpose and the idea that i was involved in something bigger than myself .
worse thing about being off base ?
` ` what 's the hardest thing about being a widow ? ''
` ` the great thing about the courts moving to electronic filing is that i can sue people twenty - four hours a day , seven days a week .
one thing about the military was that it churned out some amazing physical specimens .
closeness , not just sex , was another thing i 'd missed .
her flavor , mixed with sugar of the cola was the best thing i 'd had on my tongue in forever .
the only thing that kept me from becoming part of the dirt was his strong , firm , and steady grip .
the one thing we were missing was a bench , but i 'd make do .
` ` one thing i liked about gray was that you smiled a lot when he was around .
great thing about grace was that every emotion she had you could read on her face .
the only thing different about these cookie - cutter buildings was that they were n't all green .
the music had stopped and the sound of rebecca 's screams were about the only thing i could hear .
the look of shock in am 's face was the only thing i could see whether my eyes were open or closed .
it was one of the things that had drawn me to her in the first place , so i really could n't complain .
for one thing , all this ninja - style fighting was ... well , kind of cool .
i had no idea how i was doing it , and i wondered if it was another adrenaline thing , like when i was able to push mr . hall off me .
but even with all the definitions , one thing remained the same .
oh , god , i was doing it again , that shouty , kind of scary thing i seemed to do whenever i had to talk to david for more than five minutes .
the great thing about best friends is that they know you really well .
and the terrible thing about best friends is that ... they know you really well .
being on the other end of a david stark glare was a truly unpleasant thing .
the only threatening thing about him was his toxic level of obnoxiousness .
bee did this thing when she laughed of tipping her head all the way back , mouth open and teeth flashing .
` ` for one thing , it takes too long to get this dress off and back on . ''
was i holding on to ryan because he was another thing for me to have ?
` ` but i guess that 's the thing with junior year .
it was the weirdest thing to me how everyone openly acknowledged that it was terrible , but kept drinking it anyway .
the first thing an awol loses is his dignity .
to be an awol unwind is one thing , but to be a cop killer is another .
the only thing about him that could even slightly resemble starkey 's image of connor lassiter would be the slight smirk that always seems to be on his face .
the last thing she wants is to recap her life for this man , no matter how jolly he is .
the first thing he sees are the curved blue streaks reflecting moonlight .
but the most startling thing about him are his eyes .
the curious thing about this is how little publicity this has received , even though the belgian doctors published their achievement in the world 's leading journal of transplant surgery .
it 's the one positive thing about lev 's notoriety - it gets him respect among those who usually do n't give it .
the only thing that will still grow is his hair - and he made a conscious decision that he would just let it grow , never again becoming the clean - cut , easily manipulated boy he had once been .
if there 's one thing he knows , it 's that connor would never do the juvies ' dirty work .
as he pushes open the door to room 408 , the first thing he sees is his mother sitting in a chair , her eyes fixed on marcus , who is unconscious and intubated , and connected to a hissing breathing machine .
the only thing that betrays his allegiance to the resistance is his thinning hair .
roberta has told him that he can have anything he desires , but what if the thing he desires most is risa choosing to be with him of her own free will ?
the last thing he wants is to be recognized as ` ` that clapper kid . ''
trust me , that 's one thing i know about . ''
and although the last thing connor wants to see is another sales pitch for unwinding , he gives in , bracing himself for whatever he 's about to see .
all they needed was a simple subterfuge - an illusion that no one would question - and if there 's one thing that starkey knows as an amateur magician , it 's the art of illusion .
the last thing you need after all your hard work is hawaiian jet lag .
the most troubling thing about this conversation is that it 's not an isolated incident .
` ` and hair 's not even the most important thing .
the only thing connor knows for sure at this moment is that there 's too much flying at him to process .
sympathy is the last thing connor wants to feel , but it 's there all the same , undermining his hatred .
they knew the last thing a pharaoh needs is a brain of his own , or he might do some real damage . ''
` ` memory 's a funny thing . ''
he wants to tell her that thinking of her is the only thing that kept him going .
and i am sure this shop will be just the thing . ''
hmmm ... one good thing about having her stern presence around is that i do not have to put off advances of an ardent nature from any members of the band .
there was n't a damn thing wrong with what was happening .
and you 're acting like a pissed - off , possessive boyfriend , and the last thing you need is to get into a fight .
her gaze darted everywhere , not missing a single thing .
i had been serious when i told avery i would come over and talk to her , but i planned on waiting until tomorrow , when she was sober , for one thing , and i was n't so f**king pissed off about everything .
the last thing i wanted was for her to fall and break her neck .
funny thing was , it had n't ticked me off .
the last thing i wanted to do was push her into something she was n't ready for .
the only thing that helped was hearing those words .
though i am in deep despair , there is one thing that keeps me from willing myself to die - and that is a burning desire to someday track down henry flashby and bliffil , too , and kill them , torturously slowly ... very , very slowly .
we shall see ... one thing i know for sure is that if i ever again have to listen to a tale prefaced with , hey , remember the time our jacky ...
the only thing out of place in the little - china - doll image is the hilt of the two - handed broadsword that sticks up over her right shoulder .
the thing i love most about my brother is that he is clueless to all of it .
i was an only child so i did n't get the whole tighter than tight sibling thing .
last thing i need is to hear her saying i told you so . ''
the dull ache in - between my legs was starting to become a familiar thing when i was around this guy .
last thing i need was for this bleach blonde bitch to cause problems .
she never f**king shuts the hell up for one thing .
wrapped up in his smell ... ... the last thing i remembered before i fell asleep was dancing with gunner as he sang in my ear .
i rushed into the er and the first thing i saw was gunner sitting in a chair .
come here and sit on my lap again ... ... '' after all those years of watching my mother drink the last thing i wanted was to worry about gunner drinking all the time .
last thing i wanted to hear about was my brother 's hard on .
the last thing i want to do is spook you . ''
the last thing i ' m going to do is go anywhere with that prick .
i needed her so f**king bad but the last thing i wanted to do was push her into sex .
my only favorite thing was gunner helping me with showers and that about caused jefferson to beat the shit out of gunner the first day he was going to give me a shower .
the only thing i could feel was his love rushing through my body .
last thing i needed was to cry right now .
memorize how she looks , how she is smiling , how her hair looks , the dress she is wearing ... ... every single thing .
the first thing i noticed was the four poster bed .
gunner making such sweet , slow passionate love to me was my favorite thing in the world .
the last thing i wanted was sympathy from anyone .
the last thing she needed to do was worry about cleaning .
slowly opening my eyes , the first thing i saw was the morning sun shining in through window .
ellie had mentioned once how she 'd always wanted to go there , so i thought a long weekend was just the thing she needed to relax .
` ` well , for one thing , i love spending time with everyone , and the second thing is if we lived closer , i could get you home faster so i could make love to you longer . ''
the last thing i want to do is hurt him . ''
he had this dangerous teen vibe thing going .
the only thing that had n't was her building nausea .
if there was one thing ryan understood it was wounded masculine pride .
in fact emma was the only thing eden liked about noah .
another thing that had changed since his dad had died ... having to turn to uncle neil for financial support .
she 'd actually been willing to give up the one thing that meant the world to her , to save noah 's life .
she 's been through a lot and the last thing she needs is another jerk that 's going to bail on her .
my talent was the only thing i had that i could thank my mom 's sperm donor , aka my pops , for .
the last thing i 'd ever want was aspen to get hurt .
my feet itched to walk to them , but the last thing i wanted to look like was creepy - stalker - boy .
if there was one thing she always told me it was to respect girls and what had i done ?
add to it that i ' m pretty sure they both know the pris thing makes me want to go all incredible hulk and tear stuff up , and yeah ... so not doing the talking thing .
he 's seen a lot - had a lot of people come in and out of his life and the one thing he 's always serious about is holding onto the people he does n't want to lose .
there 's a small part of my brain that knows i just said the stupidest thing in the world , but that 's the thing about drinking , it sometimes makes the dumb things the funniest .
the only thing i do know is i have to catch her .
the only thing that matters is fixing this .
now , i ' m really freaking out because the last thing i want is to see her parents going at it .
not that he seemed sleepy ; the thing i recognized right away was that he was paying attention to me - not just to the things i was saying , but to details i did n't even know i had .
you do n't realize - the great thing about change is how quickly we get used to it .
because that 's the thing about mean people : they make you think that the world will never work , that there are divides that you will fall into if you approach .
there was one thing making me a little nervous about this trip , though : jimmy 's birthday was coming up in five days , and i still had n't gotten him anything .
that was the thing about the decents - they were as possessive of the flag as they were of the country .
question yourself every time you think you only see one thing in me .
he knew to work for something greater , and that 's the greatest thing of all .
we thought the best thing in life was enjoying ourselves , and , lord , we enjoyed ourselves !
but there was one thing missing , and that was the everything else .
but my parents - well , they went through the roof in about sixteen different places and basically said that while they put up with the way i dressed and the music i listened to , they could not put up with me being jewish and having a bar mitzvah , and i told them it 's becoming a bar mitzvah , not having a bar mitzvah , and that was the last thing they wanted , me correcting them on how to say things , so they got ultra mad and i realized part of what stein had to put up with every day , and i realized if no one was going to support me , the least i could do was go and support someone else - a fellow jew , and someone i thought might make all the people who suck go away .
one thing about playing fact or bs - someone is going to be completely wasted by the end of the night .
if there 's one thing i learned fighting in regents ' boxing club , it 's never take your eyes off your opponent .
he leans back on the bed and holds his breath , an indication that his face is n't the only thing bruised .
the thing with bree is that she 'll be happy with whatever attention derek gives her .
' the thing that worries me , ' sophie said , ' is having to stay in this dreadful place for the rest of my life .
the nice thing about being there was that she could whisper directly into his ear .
' for although you are obviously tall and powerful and extremely attractive , i have promised my father - a king who lives far from here - that i will not give my heart or my lips to any but he who possesses one thing . '
the last thing the grey man did was take the beautiful costume back to his cabin where the black trunk was waiting .
the most annoying thing of all , however , were the swarms of golden gnats that buzzed about him .
a subconscious thing .
i knew they 'd forked over the money during the summer months because my cell had been the last thing my parents had given me , and i would have freaked out without it .
i 'd take each day as it came , and deal with whatever obstacles were thrown into my path , but one thing i knew .
i knew zombies were drawn to life - the very thing they 'd lost .
but the anger was n't the only thing i was feeling .
the only thing i like about school is ellie .
the last thing i wanted was to share a space with my best friend .
i got the same thing every time i came here .
obviously that was yet another thing that had n't changed .
there was n't a thing about me that he had n't catalogued away and remembered .
it was the most familiar thing i knew .
but that was before it become clear his size was the only intimidating thing about him .
that the only thing i could give him was pain .
the bittersweet memory was the only thing to put a smile on my face anymore .
i felt like the worst kind of masochist for denying myself the one thing i needed most .
` ` great if you like the whole looks like a serial killer and refuses to make eye contact thing , '' i said dryly .
` ` you know , the only thing i saw when they put the noose around my neck was my husband 's face .
gisbourne could n't go where i went , and it were the only thing made me feel safer .
` ` the one thing you could n't ever get , not by force or my father , '' i told him , and his eyes flared bright .
` ` my honor is the only thing that means anything to me . ''
it were a strange thing , how much the use of my name soothed me .
my blood roaring were the only thing keeping my body in motion ; my skin were thick and clumsy and i 'd long since stopped feeling for the wet and cold .
if anything the only thing i see is how goddamn powerless a noble lady is meant to be , and i am not powerless . ''
in that same brief expression of affection , he recognized one more thing : a ghost of their mother 's smile , shining from one generation to another .
all three of them had one other thing in common .
one thing i hate is when people take a free jab at new jersey .
maybe you did n't mean it to be so random , but the last thing i need is some chick from new jersey suddenly instructing me not to hang out with a guy who died last year . ''
` ` funny thing about pete , he was really attached to this place , '' sebastian continued .
the last thing i remember thinking , before i jumped , was that now i fully understood both paths .
just another thing about me .
nothing , not one single thing , had struck me worse than this idea , and now i could n't stop my tears .
that next monday morning , she was the first thing i saw , galloping around on a pretend horse , making loud neighing noises , not caring that everyone was watching .
addison pulled that stunt , and any other stunt , because the one thing she believed in was no rules , ever .
for one thing , addison and i got together exclusively .
that 's the main thing i knew about addison 's family - that they were on her gravy train .
but addison had the only thing zach 's renowned mommy really valued - genius .
the only thing addison liked better than being gossiped about was being whispered about .
addison stone had that same blank thing her eyes .
she 's the kind of actress whose best role is playing herself as this tragic victim of her own fame , and she 's got that whole blank - stare thing down pat .
she says to me , first thing , ` ` you got ta torch this house for me . ''
` ` that 's the thing about fran .
the last thing i need is mrs . sullivan catching me again .
mean was the last thing i felt .
the thing is , i 'll follow any clue because i keep thinking i ' m missing something .
which was the only thing she wanted . ''
` ` the main thing about your cooking , '' said rachel , ` ` is that it used to be ... '' ` ` used to be what ? ''
if the wildes knew one thing about a party , it was how to keep it going .
coney island was one thing .
another thing i was reminded of , when it came to being part of holden 's life : i was often required to wear a party dress .
` ` funny thing was i never used to drink it before . ''
for one thing , thea is singing- '' i know that you like me .
this thing had been happening with my body lately .
cricked his back and did that thing that never failed to put the squeeze on my insides where he held his chin in his palm , thumb angled along his jaw as his fingers fanned over his opposite cheek and his free hand cradled his elbow .
what 's the real name for that tongue thing again , joshua ? ''
the thing is , a person ca n't just walk in and plunk down millions for camelot without also mentally tallying up how much it 'll cost to get rid of its greasy comic - book - villain vibe .
` ` the extra - fun thing about this party , '' i said easily , ` ` is there 's not even any of arthur 's staff there .
scavenging mom 's stuff was the closest thing to being with her .
considering the circumstances , rollan figured being alive was the same thing as being okay .
` ` it 's the last thing jonas white needs to go after uweya . ''
` ` the weird thing about that guy , '' nate said , ` ` was that he did n't seem very surprised about our powers .
candy that makes you float around is one thing .
the last thing cole wanted to do was cry in front of jace , but his uncharacteristic kindness was n't making it easy .
` ` you 'll plant a flag claiming it for the sky raiders first thing , '' jace said .
the last thing tark knew was a sense of relief coupled with an intense white flash .
` ` that was the one good thing about your headache .
chapter 4 the blind king as jason hiked away from the repository of learning , he soon realized that the loremaster was right about at least one thing - those berries had really replenished his energy .
the last thing he needed was fuel for his doubts .
one thing jason had to give duke conrad - he showed absolutely no fear .
because a broken , unpredictable assassin was one thing .
` ` the only thing that frightens me is how very much i want to throttle you . ''
the only thing that came of it was an unending appetite : celaena ate whatever and whenever she could , thanks to her magic gobbling so much of her energy .
about her stupid name , about her plans , about every damn thing .
he peeled back , the space between them now a tangible thing .
i convinced myself i should disappear , because the second thing i wanted , even then , was to be able to someday ... hurt people the way i had been hurt .
and the only thing that got me through it was reminding myself of my name , over and over and over - i am celaena sardothien . ''
` ` when they would let me out , so much of my mind had shut down in the darkness that the only thing i could remember was that my name was celaena .
it was that same feeling she 'd gotten when iskra whipped abraxos - that thing she could n't describe , but it blinded her .
one thing could be said of this situation ; curiosity had supplanted despair as my dominant emotion .
probably i should n't have used that excuse , but it was the first thing i thought of after he startled me .
that was the only thing i knew about looking back , so i did n't .
` ` it 's one thing when you 're alone and you always have been .
schoolwork might be the only thing keeping me sane at this point since i could block off the threatening terror and confusion and sheer helplessness i felt in regard to the rest of my life .
the thing is i always have to , it 's not a choice , and i never know exactly where i ' m going or who i 'll be stuck with .
tears pool in my eyes as i blink against the sunlight , my pulse speeding up the longer i stay there and that rush of energy that has become the only familiar thing in my life takes over .
the only thing that gets me through is the fact that my body is numbed by the potent amount of alcohol in my bloodstream .
i ' m not even sure why i prefer that look , other than girls like violet look more intense , and if they 're anything like me they ' ve got too much going on inside them , which is the last thing i want .
i want to remain lost because it 's the only thing that 's become serenely and painfully familiar .
but for a concise instant , i see something in her : the very familiar feeling of helplessness - the same thing that drove me to the strip club looking for a fight .
the surprising thing was , as cocky as violet has always been , she actually seemed afraid of him .
the strange thing is she almost looked excited about it .
yet , i just handed over the one real thing about me to luke .
the only thing that got me to go there was the thought that maybe , this time , their murder can be solved .
if that 's one thing i ' m good it at , it 's knowing what guys like .
` ` that and the fact that you look so detached all the time , '' he says and i suck in a startled breath as i realize just how much he 's seen of me and how we have one more thing in common .
` ` see that 's the thing about you , violet .
the thing that stopped her , mainly , was the thought that her hand might jerk and she 'd end up giving herself a frontal lobotomy or something , which would be just too pathetic .
or ... one thing about being really far away from other people and cities : no light pollution .
the last thing she wanted was to hurt him even more .
she felt as if she 'd stumbled onto a movie set , the kind where the camera pans back to reveal destruction and devastation all the way to the horizon , with no end in sight , and then her - the only thing moving other than the birds .
the last thing she needed was attention .
no one was moving forward ; that was the thing .
` ` school 's one thing they all have in common .
three years later , michael joined up and still got his rack , but there was no such thing as quiet for a marine .
another thing alex learned that very first day ?
` ` thing gets to me , '' wade said , as tom turned back for another shovelful , ` ` is those jackboots in the epa ... '' jackboots ?
another thing he 'd learned : eyes always gave you away .
the only thing he knew was a person could go crazy , and she was definitely headed there .
` ` to the amish , it 's the same thing . ''
last thing we need is to take a tumble . ''
for one thing , he could n't have shot luke , because he 'd been stupid enough to leave his uzi propped next to his pack .
but one thing her dad never taught her was what the hell to do in an avalanche .
no cross - trigger safety , for one thing , and alex 's had been a glock 22 , standard police issue with a fifteen - round mag .
after so long in the prison house , it was the most wonderful thing he 'd ever felt in his life .
` ` well , i could n't do it alone , for one thing , and you have to get there , for another .
fire 's the last thing we need .
you want me to leave and i will , first thing . ''
one thing cindi was good at was telling stories , most of them about her mom .
it was the only thing i had to hang on to , that hate .
the last thing he needed to run into was a hungry wolf .
the last thing she wants to dwell on is death , especially murder .
` ` it was the only thing left . ''
the only thing saving her from going through altogether was that the window was just a touch too small .
it 's the only thing left . ''
after that milosevich girl 's od , a snowless winter , and now today , it 's the last thing we need . ''
the only thing i ' ve ever wanted .
` ` what feels right is the thing i ca n't have . ''
that 's the thing about having a dad no one likes .
the last thing i needed tonight .
the last thing i needed was some mind - gaming pseudoboyfriend .
i felt him slip his arm around me , the only thing keeping me upright as he guided me into the passenger seat .
i thought about asking why she 'd let him in , but that 's the thing about having a roommate instead of a parent .
if there 's one thing you learn working at a funeral home , it 's the importance of etiquette .
maybe because the only thing connecting us was our morbid abilities .
` ` but that 's not the only thing i feel .
what question is there that will get you the real answer to whether you can share the weirdest , scariest , most secret thing about yourself ?
the only thing i knew about baseball was that our team was really good and it was mostly because of jack , the star pitcher .
i ca n't say that was in my lesson plan , but that 's the fun thing about philosophy .
` ` there 's this thing , kind of a sixth sense that i have . ''
after the day i 'd had with lucas , this was the last thing i needed .
the thing is that it looks like i really can warn people , maybe prevent their death , but i ca n't tell if i should .
the thing that struck dr . wells was how firmly georgia held to her beliefs .
the most important thing is the unrelenting beat .
the first thing i noticed about him that alarmed me - besides the fact that he 'd been lurking in an empty lot - was that he stepped out into the street without looking both ways for traffic .
he did n't need anyone competing with him , for one thing .
the last thing i wanted was to make a phone call to my granddad to rescue me from the district .
the most endearing thing about him had been the way he seemed bowled over by me , like he 'd never met a girl so sexy and beautiful .
the interesting thing was watching him struggle through it .
the thing that struck me about her was how beautiful she looked on the jumbo screen .
if you looked up ambition on wikipedia , my photo was the first thing that came up .
the thing about a phone call is that you ca n't tell what is happening in the pause .
the most annoying thing about all of this was that i was certain baby had n't forgotten that i did n't want a guitarist .
the only thing different about you will be that your mind will be blown by the time spent with me . ''
he had been right , earlier , at least about one thing : he knew what people wanted .
` ` i think that is the thing .
the big thing about the codes was to not panic , anyway , and i was excellent at not feeling emotions .
she still had that mysterious thing young kids had that made people want to take care of her instead of date her .
the only thing that mattered was the grade .
the only thing that made me move at all was the idea of how happy he 'd be to see me .
the thing that makes you tie that apron on in the morning each day and think , that is why i am going to work today , to serve that thing to customers who have not yet had that thing and , oh , what a memorable day those unaware initiates are about to have ?
she drove too fast , and she braked too late , but the thing about isabel culpeper was that she always managed to pull herself up before she went over the edge .
the thing was , i could go most of my week without thinking about grilled cheese and vodka .
the thing i was beginning to figure out about sam and grace , the thing about sam not being able to function without her , was that that sort of love only worked when you were sure both people would always be around for each other .
the thing i was beginning to figure out about sam and grace , the thing about sam not being able to function without her , was that that sort of love only worked when you were sure both people would always be around for each other .
` ` the big thing that keeps wolves away is fear , and once they have no fear , they 're just large , territorial predators .
what it came down to was this : i was a girl who turned into a wolf , and i had almost died , and the thing that was going to bother me the most all day was that i was going to have to go around without a bra .
but the thing about camp was that it was n't home .
the thing about jeremy , the thing that made me almost willing to call him and no one else , was that he and victor had always known me better than anyone .
the thing about jeremy , the thing that made me almost willing to call him and no one else , was that he and victor had always known me better than anyone .
the thing about that saying was that it was pretty true .
the only thing that kept me sane was keeping olivia 's death abstract .
the only thing that kept me on the phone was the knowledge that if i hung up , i 'd be all alone with that image of her death rolling around in my head again and again .
holding hands felt strangely fanciful when done in the presence of koenig , possibly because it was the first thing he looked at when we emerged in the clearing that held the lodge .
the only thing that surprises me about all this is you sound remarkably sober .
she was the one thing i knew i would hold on to .
what was my thing was the way that stretching his arms above his head bunched his shoulder muscles and tightened his chest .
i thought about telling her what i was thinking , like you 're beautiful and you 're my angel , but the thing about grace was that words like that meant more to me than to her .
` ` believe me , '' i said , ` ` the boy is the one thing in all this that i ' m determined to keep . ''
i could n't get away until after dinner ; i told him i was going to the library , because if there 's one thing that man does n't know , it 's the hours the library is open . ''
it 's one thing , doing this '' -he jerked a hand toward the gun in the hunter 's hands- '' and something else flaunting it . ''
chapter fourteen grace 45of it 's rude to stare , but the great thing about staring at a sedated person is that they do n't know you 're doing it .
the only thing magical about it is that we ca n't explain it . ''
the third thing was that my face was cold where it was sticking out from under the blankets .
i thought about killing myself , but the funny thing about having wolf in you is that suicide does n't seem like a very good idea .
we shared a lot of things now , but crying was one thing we never talked about .
fifths is another thing i learned about from the daydreaming boys .
as a child , the chief thing i noticed about dory was that she was always wearing a different pair of shoes , a strange and extravagant thing on the island .
she has disappeared into the surf , her tail the last thing i see .
the thing that is hurting me the most is the look on his face .
` ` only thing , '' finn says , licking his hand , ` ` is i ' m not sure how we 're getting home now . ''
it 's a strange thing , to be talked about instead of talked to .
that 's the only thing that will change . ''
the only thing that 's missing is the afterthought confessional with the inadequate curtain .
` ` this beast 's the only thing you care about . ''
a reminder of what the horses mean to the island - a bridge between what we are and that thing about thisby that we all want but ca n't seem to touch .
the only thing more pleasing than seeing ronan singled out was seeing him singled out and forced to repeatedly sing an irish jig .
gansey knew his reliable and enormous suburban would have been a more logical choice for the trip , but he wanted the old camaro to be the first thing the professor saw , not the expensive new suv .
it had a grounding effect - the shocking slime of the blueberries , the sugar hitting his stomach , empty from school , the knowledge that her mouth had been the last thing to touch the spoon .
if there was one thing blue had learned while being a waitress and dog walker and maura sargent 's daughter , it was that people generally became the kind of person you expected them to be .
her surcoat was possibly the most incredible thing about her , because it was real .
33 the thing that amazes me , '' greenmantle mused aloud , ` ` is that there are some people who actually do this as a form of leisure .
the best and worst thing about blue sargent was that she meant what she said ; she really would walk herself back to henrietta if he stopped now .
to the phone , gansey said , ` ` that 's the only thing . ''
the only thing he 'd ever gotten from his mother was an inability to tan .
gansey said , ` ` the only thing that gives me any joy is imagining the used car dealership he 'll be working in by the time he 's thirty . ''
the only rub was , blue was another troubling thing .
it was a powerful thing , that laugh .
the thing about ronan lynch , adam had discovered , was that he would n't - or could n't - express himself with words .
` ` far away is n't the same thing as gone . ''
dream monsters were one thing .
the annoying thing about ronan was always that he was angry when everyone else was calm and calm when everyone else was angry .
` ` my thing , '' maura said , ` ` is that i never tell my thing . ''
it did n't feel very different from knowing that cabeswater was going to be the only extraordinary thing about her life .
the third thing he noticed was that there was space for two people on the pew beside declan .
epilogue asecret is a strange thing .
the only thing that was special about her was something that she herself could n't experience .
invisible , orderly spirits of not yet truly dead people were one thing .
the thing was , henrietta looked like a place where magic could happen .
the last time whelk had looked at this map had been as he stood in his dorm room , realizing that the only thing he had left was the ten - dollar bill in his pocket .
the most frustrating thing about the adam situation was that gansey could n't control it .
really , the most remarkable thing about the entire situation was how hopeful she felt , against all odds .
the pink was the only fanciful thing about her .
and the last thing to hit him , right in his gut , was the emotional impact , a mysterious , raw ache that would n't go away .
the thing about ronan was that he had no limits , no fears , no boundaries .
adam was strangely unmarked ; usually after encounters with his father , there were bruises or scratches , but this time , the only thing gansey could see was a slight reddening of his ear .
without blue there to make him stronger , without gansey there to make him human , without ronan there to make him belong , noah was a frightening thing .
the most important thing to adam parrish , though , had always been free will , the ability to be his own master .
3 : letter the first thing conor did to get ready for the journey was head to the kitchen .
this was one thing they had in common : an uncanny ability to read people and situations .
waiting was meilin 's least favorite thing .
it was funny - i 'd really thought in the back of my head that a school filled with music geeks would be different from a regular high school , but really the only thing that was different was that we played our roles according to where we sat in the orchestra .
it 's also a heck of a lot easier to play , physically - none of that huffing - puffing - blow - your - bag - in thing .
was there such a thing as almost raped ?
for the moment when i was traveling , all i could think of was the last thing i 'd been looking at : james in his own personal battleground that was sleep , arms wrapped tight around a pillow , arms scrawled with our handiwork .
he 's got that whole father - figure to ophelia thing going on . ''
the first thing i saw after being dead was sullivan , his face a silhouette in front of a light , cloud - streaked sky .
the first thing i felt was the side of my face , hot and ringing .
` ` for one thing , i know james .
this sneaking - up thing of hers was getting really annoying .
the only thing keeping me remotely calm was finding out that jess ' boyfriend was with her .
the only thing that was going to calm me down was a night with levi .
the only thing we knew was that it had to do with you .
one great thing about pterons is that they do n't need to sleep much , so we drove through the night .
this time , the last thing i wanted was food .
the last thing i needed was to ask for tutoring from levi .
the one nice thing about how busy we were is that the morning moved quickly .
one thing my mother was not , was innocent .
his voice was husky and deep and quite honestly , the sexiest thing i 'd ever heard .
aphrodite looked radiant today and incredibly happy , which meant only one thing .
one thing about my father , he was always able to joke ... that is , until it was time to kill someone .
one thing about arthur , regardless of the many times morgan had given him pause or reason to doubt her , he always believed the best in her , as well as everyone else .
there is not one thing different about her but her name .
regardless of their differences , however , there was one thing they had in common .
he moved closer , bending to add one more thing .
one strange thing about the underworld was that there was no sun to gauge the passage of time .
it 's the only thing i live for now . ''
everything had gone horribly wrong today , and the only thing that could make her feel better was for someone to pay the consequences .
he 'd seemed quiet for one thing , and then to suddenly stand in front of this crowd of human giants and speak so loudly and convincingly was quite a thing to see .
the only thing he felt was pity .
hating every single thing about this horrible woman .
the last thing we saw before everything went black were two gypsy men running at us with a tarp in their hands .
not so strange in and of itself ; the unsettling thing was how they were posed .
though it was n't exactly prophecy , horace was right about one thing : nobody recognized me .
so i squeezed my eyes shut , because i did n't want its gaping jaws to be the last thing i 'd ever see , and gripped the shears in front of me with both hands .
` ` a speeding lorry 's one thing , '' emma said .
` ` if there 's one thing i know about wights , '' said enoch , ` ` it 's that they kill peculiars .
one thing about being rathersting - folk tended to know you on sight .
that 's not the thing .
such a ceremony was a thing of legend , and the faeries gawked , unnerved , until calypso once again broke the silence with a joyous squawk .
at present , celebration was the last thing on magpie 's mind .
` ` funny thing about life is you never know where it 's going to take you , '' uncle farrell told me .
but the most noticeable thing about him were his eyes , set very deep into his head under a jutting brow .
but you really could n't count this as a road trip either , since the one thing all road trips have in common is they 're supposed to be fun .
the main thing that struck me , though , was how terribly small he seemed , kneeling there in front of that picture , how terribly small and alone .
i needed sleep , but my instincts told me sleep should probably be the last thing on my to - do list .
sitting in the coffee shop made me feel close to bennacio , the nearest thing to a father i ever had , and sometimes i would hear his voice in my head : do not concern yourself so much with guilt and grief , alfred .
the most striking thing about him , though , was his hair : snow white , very fine , gathered around his round head like a crown of fluffy dandelion seeds .
the first thing i noticed was how ripped this guy was , a real schwarzenegger type .
the second thing was the gaping hole in the middle of his chest .
there 's one thing i ' ve always wondered and maybe you could answer this , being a doctor .
` ` but one thing i do know is that you people are hiding something .
` ` well , for one thing , it 's the only thing that 's keeping al here from blowing my head off . ''
you know , they 're the one thing about my personal appearance i actually took pride in . ''
that was the really weird thing about evil .
and i had a feeling the only way to get out of this mess was to rely on the one thing you 're supposed to rely on when things get really messed up : the truth .
the last thing i needed was an infection .
the important thing to understand about girls is you ca n't understand them .
` ` look , ashley , the last thing i want to be is alone , but facts are facts and everybody who gets close to me or tries to help me ends up hurt , very hurt or dead .
` ` there 's one thing that 's been bugging me , '' i said .
there was only one thing that liza hated more than liars , and that was being accused of being one .
the last thing she needed was to be coated in rodent vomit .
the first thing she noticed were the lightbulbs in the ceiling .
the second thing she noticed , after the lights , were the monsters .
the second surprising thing was their size .
when he 'd opened his eyes this morning , the first thing he 'd looked at was his window .
he put another bite of cereal in his mouth , definitely not looking at the rubbish bin , where he had stuffed the plastic bag full of leaves he 'd swept up this morning first thing .
no terror , no panic , no darkness , for one thing .
the scary thing is , the 964 did n't seem the least bit surprised . ''
for a moment he felt a little woozy , the only thing holding him back a memory of deep , sapphire blue eyes framed by a lilac veil in a beautiful garden in pakistan .
the only thing that convinced wara to sit up in bed was remembering that today she would get away from this place and be on her way back to see the martirs , then to the u.s . she tried to swing her legs over the side of the bed but her head spun like a ballerina practicing pirouettes .
the thing about sydney is you never see her not smiling .
maybe i admitted i was a spy to throw you off and make you think the last thing i was was a spy ?
if there s one thing we all hate , its talking .
causing chaos in unexpected ways was the only thing that cheered her up .
inside there was nothing but blackened remains , the only thing left of the sturdy furniture and fine rugs that had once littered the floor .
but the most noticeable thing was the massive hole centered right in the middle of the camp .
right , pudding covered pizza is the first thing i want to be tasting .
the weird thing was he did nt seem too surprised about it .
something inhuman , and i ca nt explain what it feels like to not be the thing you always were .
one last thing about monster maya .
the only thing i know is that i want to go home .
the only thing i want is ryan alive and grand dead but only after lots of suffering .
that s the best thing about being bait .
the thing is , her voice is hardly above a whisper , maybe grandpa is right about the new elite .
the only thing i do know about is the hunger .
whatever was there before , the thing that i would have sworn was concern if it had nt been perched upon that particular face , is gone .
chance is a strange thing .
you know , his dad was a fairly good guy , but he had this thing about billy .
this is about the only thing i can really say i enjoy about winter , a good stiff drink and a roaring fire , manny said to cassey , as she walked in carrying a stack of papers .
the old man blinked , looking out into the much brighter light , his deeply lined , ancient looking face and head the only thing manny could see of him .
one thing that neither of them got around to explaining to me though was when they were going to repair my broken heart .
the first thing that i had always thought of on waking since the accident was sheila , and the last thing at night , before i drifted off into a drug induced sleep was the same , until last night .
the first thing that i had always thought of on waking since the accident was sheila , and the last thing at night , before i drifted off into a drug induced sleep was the same , until last night .
one thing that i had insisted on very early in the proceedings was that all my security staff must have a good smattering of english .
one thing that had always annoyed me was graffiti , even in its more artistic form , so after i had spoken to vicente about purchasing the new properties i raised this issue with him , more as a general gripe than anything serious , oops i should really watch what i say .
carol liked donalds exterior work , but again it was martas interior designs that she preferred , and she was definitely the computer wiz - kid of the pair , but they seemed to work well together , and that was the main thing .
with almost sixty hours in the air ( and an awful lot more in the hangar and classroom ) i paid a flying visit to the uk , and came back clutching my private pilots licence , although unfortunately i was nt finished with either the classroom or teddy just yet , my aim was to eventually fly my own gulfstream g450 , it would take time , but one thing that i certainly had a lot of now was time !
when not waterborne then their first priority was to look after el campos employees ( one thing i did nt want was for my employees to be sat around half the day waiting to see a doctor ) , if after that they had nothing to do ( the majority of the time ) then the health centre could use them to their hearts content .
at five oclock i awoke and found that apparently we had nt moved a muscle , the only thing that was different was the fact that we were now both stark naked then i remembered four oclock ! ! !
the only thing we have in this cold dead world is each other .
yet it was a strange thing , gazing so often at the streets of northshire .
aside from various wandering soldiers and guardsmen , the place was strangely quiet and empty , the sound of the horses hooves the only noticeable thing disrupting the silence .
the first thing taylor noticed was the unusual texture and color of the paper .
this is what lilly ann meant when she said , the most important thing is that i feel good .
there is this thing called reality that often gets in the way of feeling good , you know ?
you see the thing is , lilly ann was on a roll , when abrahamster wants something his inner hamster that is non - fizzical wants the same thing too and does everything in his power , and that is a lot , to bring it to him .
after meeting many perplexed faces and hearing a few half hearted attempts to answer she indeed enlightened them with johns answer , the most important thing is that i feel good .
the first thing that appeared on the screen was a drawing of a curious little cartoon hamster announcing , hi , i m abrahamster and below it there were two more drawings stating , good feels good and , bad feels bad .
the only thing that matters is , that they answer without hesitation and without actively thinking about the issue at hand .
the thing you must remember in order to have a direct meaningful conversation is the fact that this person is not exactly the personality anymore that you might have known .
the only thing we both knew was that we wanted to know and to understand beyond the conventional avenues of learning and reasoning .
i looked over at the opulent dining table and thought , no such thing as a free lunch , even over here then chuckled to myself , changed the subject ( back to the hunter ) and after boring them for an acceptable period of time , i went off to make it up with sandra .
eventually the interconnecting building was carefully constructed around his beloved aeroplane , and he reverently uncovered it , and spent the rest of his days ( which unfortunately were nt that many ) cleaning and servicing it as if it was still an operational aircraft , and cataloguing all his spares , by name , reference number , quantity , location , and invoice number on his battered old computer , and the last thing that he thought of , as he sat quietly in the cockpit , before he had his coronary was i really must get around to removing those 30 mm cannon shells from the gun pack .
how did you do the hovering thing ?
i held inmas hand as we watched the expurgated ten minute version on a wide screen television , she of course cried all the way through it but at the end she was smiling as well , which is a very hard thing to do .
one good thing about inmas situation was that i had been there only three years before , perhaps not exactly the same but close enough to understand how she was feeling , so i sat there and let her pour out all of her grief , troubles , and worst nightmares , it had to all come out , and so i decided to be there for her , as alice and robin had been there for me .
she finally started valeting for me just after sasha burst onto the scene ( or was it onto the toilet ) , and initially i had misgivings about her name , i seemed to have an in - built thing about the initial s , but when i showed her into marias office that first time it was love at first sight marcus was cadging a coffee from his soul mate and all the rumours about his persuasion were immediately dispelled .
after an early start , my late starts were now becoming a thing of the past , i spent half an hour at my desk , of course wearing my flying overalls , and then it was into my golf buggy ( green with gold stripes and nicknamed lady s ) and down to a hangar .
the yacht club was on a peninsular that curved around a small natural bay , and there was a chandlery , and a showroom for new and used boats , and a few nautically associated shops , but the most striking thing about the whole place was a huge spinnaker shaped rock separating the yacht club from the town and river on the other side , giving the club its name .
after climbing to the top of the steps the last thing that clients wanted was something to eat , oxygen maybe , but not food , until today .
such things as corn , green beans , spinach , beets , spaghetti sauce , soup when i had satisfied the list down to rolled anchovies with capers , i started on the other goods .
i cranked up the airboat and headed north ; one thing , i did n't like , was the noise , anything within a mile , or two was going to know i was coming .
i said , the most important thing about this steel ship is it has my flesh and blood girl aboard it and what i ' m doing is making damn certain it 's worthy to carry such a prized treasure .
the only thing , i could tell different about belize city , was that it was smaller no more than thirty thousand about the same population as when my buddy had lived here in the fifties .
the thing that immediately jumped out was the growing danger and possible impact from a celestial object .
festivity was the last thing in the hearts of the almaida family .
yes , but there is such a thing as compassion and helping those in need .
or pirate ship , discipline was the only thing a captain had to keep the men in check , upholding his law at all times .
the blush that appeared on her face was the most appealing thing he had ever seen .
one thing she knew was that she was not indifferent to him as he had put it .
rafe decided in those first few moments that her hair was probably not the only mousy thing about her .
it seemed that although she might well be unusual , she did have one thing in common with the rest of her sex .
grief was a strange thing , it made people act irrationally , did he not know that himself ?
it was dark and so very cold , his warmth gave her comfort and her fingers entwined in his mane were the only thing keeping her from losing her seat .
the second thing i remember most about the summer days at jennings creek began one morning when carter and i were exploring the woods after a terrible storm passed through the night before .
an interesting thing about his technique is that others often have a difficult time telling that he is the one whistling he reminds me of a ventriloquist .
the window slowly disappeared into the body of the door and although the part in the middle of her locks of black hair was the first thing i saw , the first feature of her face that came into focus was her eyes .
committing might be the easiest thing about it .
one thing the colonel and i had in common was a love for books .
the first thing i noticed was how clear creek , mostly lined with sycamores and the occasional locust , curved back and forth across flat pasture land that was covered with thick grass .
life kinda slows down , you know no tv , no traffic , not much in the way of modern distractions , good company to sit around and chat with kind of lifestyle that s fast becoming a thing of the past .
i can quote you all kinds of facts and figures , give you details about different battles , but the one thing that s hard to understand sometimes is peoples motives .
for one thing , i would never have guessed i d be sitting around a campfire talking with a group of men , most of whom are black .
her sarcasm seemed to be the only thing keeping her sane recently .
the first thing she had noticed was its colour ; black .
the one thing worth anything and therefore everything to dia was the euphoria clinging to every part of her .
its the thing part of your description that intrigues me , she said with interest .
first thing i though of were that hotel with brie dowel .
that was the thing that troubled me .
mostly i d just waded in swinging , and the thing that kept me winning , for i d won ninety percent of my fights , was simply that i d never been willing to realize when i was licked .
the thing a man has to realize is that it is never too late .
the first thing slade noticed about the open space was its incredible size .
the funny thing is the sound was not really that spectacular .
i m going to pet a dinosaur , first thing !
had my son elkano understood it- he would not have been in the grave , with his best comrades the most important thing in life is realizing your selfish wish to survive .
next to her flourishing farm of excrescences , her high strung ever - talking hands , her mutation into a fizgig whenever she had too much caffeine , and the nose , of course , the monumental nose , the thing prissi hated most about herself was her snort .
the first thing that he became aware of was that the engine was dead and that the extreme cold air was pouring through the shattered windows .
the only thing lacking was a coherent thought , but he was sure one would be coming soon .
hearing a womans voice was the next best thing to having her there , and he tried to sound debonair .
that s the great thing about power , hawk thought .
one thing about you , captain , he smiled .
the first thing i saw was you and that makes all the difference to me .
you intrigue me , for one thing , mister mistri .
* * * * * the drive home was filled with talk of houses , land , horses , what breed , how many , where , schools , shopping and a myriad other subjects that revolved around one thing , family .
and time was the one thing they were in short supply of at the time .
the only thing that stopped john from being propelled from the vehicle was the fact that his face had made near instant contact with the oncoming doors .
another thing was spiders .
one thing about the old man , he does nt give cheap gifts to people he admires .
and when wendell chose to betray the secret of the mistri virus and jeopardize tommys wellbeing , peace of mind and trust that was one thing .
as kenslirs vision faded , the last thing he saw was the scaled underbelly of the shapeshifters dragon form .
one thing she obsessed over was her weight .
no matter that thousands of people were irreparably harmed then and that many more are about to be harmed now , one thing has not changed -- most of the citizens of this country did nt care back then and most of them do nt care now .
she noticed his eyes because they were the first things she ever noticed about sam -- those sparkling green eyes that jumped out to meet you .
they both offered ways to help me quit drinking , but there is one thing they ca nt give you , and that s the desire to stay sober .
united states domination , which is considered by many in the power elite to be the only way to ensure the american way of life , rests on three things : its overwhelming military superiority , especially on the oceans ; its access to the planets primary sources of remaining fossil fuels ; and its control of world economics via the role of the dollar as the worlds reserve currency which provides this country with a source of funds we can no longer live without .
if there was one thing you would remember about the place , this was it .
something like this is the last thing i need .
sams idea made sense as the last thing she wanted was to be caught in a mess of exiting traffic when the day ended .
the launch - warning sounded when i was halfway to the hanger , and that was the first thing that told me something was wrong .
for one thing , americans are nt going to be too popular wherever we go .
the last thing we need is more critters to feed .
the only thing she knew for sure was that it was early november and winter was coming .
the first thing she saw was the immediate absence of something that should have been there but was nt .
the last thing she remembered seeing before a large dirty hand clapped over her face and eyes was the gypsy she had shot coming out of the building .
one thing she had learned : the coming day would take care of the coming day .
the only thing real in sarahs life was the harvest , the rabbit traps , and the love and friendships that sustained them all .
thanks , and do nt worry about saluting , the only thing i care about is the bigger pension .
well , that s the thing with history .
his looks were nt the most intriguing thing about the man , however , and were the last thing on my mind when i realized he was actually servius sulpicius galba , the galba , the one who became the first emperor during the year of four emperors in 69 a.d . after the fall of nero .
his looks were nt the most intriguing thing about the man , however , and were the last thing on my mind when i realized he was actually servius sulpicius galba , the galba , the one who became the first emperor during the year of four emperors in 69 a.d . after the fall of nero .
* * * if helena had been right about one thing , it was nt that talking to vincent would make me feel better , but that by talking to him i would at least find the truth .
the only thing i felt so far was pain .
the last thing i remembered before blacking out completely was helena screaming my name .
the only thing i remembered since being hung up in claudius torture chamber was a dream about two strikingly beautiful women , one dressed in a white , loose garment , the other in a black , tight fitting body suit .
i stared at the ceiling , the memory of my torture the only thing i could focus on despite helenas loving words .
* * * the nice thing about sieges was that there really was nt much to do .
the only thing these units shared were the purple cloaks they wore .
the only thing that kept us going was the thought of failing caligula , who had been so brave risking his own life and killing his own uncle in open combat .
of course , one good thing about a motorcycle in southern california was its ability to weave in and out of the traffic jams that were hallmark of this region .
the only good thing about his father had been his knack for anything mechanical .
food was the last thing on mike 's mind at the moment .
it was another thing he had given up that day in his determination to as the saying goesbe all that he could be .
the only thing missing was manny 's smiling face .
it was the only thing that kept him going these days .
time was the one thing that corporal manuel hernandez had run out of .
` ` but what i can say is that one thing manny loved almost as much as you was the country that he grew up in .
for one thing , i d quickly grown tired of houston during my five years there while attending the university of houston .
however good or not so good he may have been in court in days gone byand let me tell you , after the first day of class that year , i was certain that he d been a godhe did one thing well : he made the men and the times of his favorite erathe great depressionlive and breathe .
the front door was suddenly open and i was across the porch and sailing off into the brilliant green too - tall grass and the too - bright sunlight , and the funny thing about it was i could nt even feel my feet touching the ground .
the one thing i did recognize was that he had an accent , like he might have come from my home town back in east texas .
that s the only thing i never liked about their friendship .
* * * * * the first thing i noted inside buster and samantha leroys home , apart from the odor of aging pine - tar wafting in from the front yard , was the smell of latex paint .
its a funny thing about riding a bike , the surest way to get yourself good and dead is to be very careful .
indeed , the eery fire was the only tangible thing about it .
another thing bothered me about spending the night camped out on a gravel bar was a lot of strange things happened during a full moon night .
the only thing i know for sure is you ve been acting pretty strange lately .
only thing stopped me was being afraid he might turn on me .
the thing about it is , dub .
the worst thing about it was lucy being so scared of snakes , it frightened her half to death .
the only thing i know is in all the women i ve come across you d have to be the sweetest sounding ; the most appealing woman i ve ever laid my eyes on .
for one thing he prefers to have the lights on .
the last thing i remember is sitting on the train watching you fight those boys .
the only thing you have to understand is the fact i can wipe your head from your shoulders in a blink of an eye .
crompton , the only thing about a wedding you love is how quick you can gate - crash .
the only thing i love more than the free wine and food is seeing how many women come my way .
yet even with his own financial woes , the last thing he wanted to think about was his father going anywhere .
but pickett was right about one thing .
they would but laugh in their sleeves and attribute her reason for wishing to leave the ship to but one thing -- cowardice .
another thing he did , and which made traveling an onerous trial for him .
one thing the boy had noticed particularly when he had seen tarzyn rushing upon terkou -- the vivid scarlet band upon her forehead , from above the left eye to the scalp ; but now as he scanned her features he noticed that it was gone , and only a thin white line marked the spot where it had been .
' like lions , fear is a different thing in different women , but to me the only pleasure in the hunt is the knowledge that the hunted thing has power to harm me as much as i have to harm her .
the only thing he had was an ego the size of mars .
the burglar at the door and the mercenaries in the drawing room had been one thing hell , even shaw had been manageable somehow ( if you count manageable to mean i had spent most of the time crawling away from him in the mud ) .
oh , and there was that little thing about the horrible sound of several heavily - armed men in chase to give me extra incentive .
because if it was one thing that could distract me from my paranoid thoughts that the entire world was out to get me , it was good cooking and eating .
and erratic personality , one thing that could be easily said about her was that when she wanted something done she would jolly well do it .
i did not bother to turn to check to see whether she was doing as i told her to ; if there was one thing that was turning out to be reliable about amanda stanton , it was that she was pretty good at running away from trouble .
and the possibility of realizing how true my great - uncle 's tales had been was pretty much the only thing that was stopping me from truly freaking out about all of this .
i noticed also that somehow , despite the fact that the end of his spade was covered with dust and clogged with dirt , his shirt was still as pristine as it had been first thing that morning so he was a neat digger too .
i really wished that i could believe that , but the strange thing about having so many people , including the army , chasing after me , was that it made me feel as if i was nothing but a criminal .
we have to keep moving , our advantage is the only thing that is keeping us ahead .
the thing about tall abandoned buildings was that every kid in the local district would find some way to vandalize it .
she was nt screaming either , which was another thing i had to admit about her ; apart from the occasional lungful of air she 'd given me last night at her great - uncles manor , amanda could n't exactly be classed as the damsel in distress from a b - grade ' 50s flick .
but the funny thing about danger was that it rarely offered you a safe alternative .
because that was really the only thing that was keeping us together ; i could n't talk to him and could barely see him considering how dark everything had become under the shadow of those horrible clouds above , and how much my eyes stung as wave after wave crashed against those walls and managed to spray their salty water over my face .
the only thing that made defeat inevitable was giving up .
i was more than happy not to put my high heels back on though ; that was another thing the movies had lied about .
after all , if it was one thing the last 24 hours had taught me , it was just how valuable the stargazer globes appeared to be , and to just what ends people were willing to go to get them .
if it was one thing that the past 24 hours had taught me , it was that you did not react to fear and danger in the same way ; when the context was different , your reactions were different .
god , the only thing i knew was that if i honestly wanted to figure out who sebastian really was , i would need more time ; and more time was something i had run out of .
` ` decent pay , for one thing .
there 's only one other thing .
` ` and the amazing thing is , you hardly sound bitter . ''
we were both doing this furtive watch thing and me thinking maybe i should just stand up and wave to the bastard .
the only thing he likes better than dressing up is doing anything that gets him top to toe muddy .
among other things , she could open her fist , turn it palm up , and she appeared to be holding a small ball of fire .
funny thing about tough - talking guys like darryl , they never want daytime confrontations where there might be witnesses to see them bullying a skinny , helpless - looking woman .
out of the entry walked out a black hair kid with white eyes , at a height of 49 feet he seemed like a pre - schooled .the only weird thing about this kid was his cold , white eyes that seemed to be blind .
i do nt think you ll get any challenges after the demonstration you made in the dojo some weeks ago , cross tells ryu in a wired tone , well i m hoping i get challenged at least once i want to go all out now that i ve got this thing residing in me .
if it 's one thing i know is that were going to get attacked anytime soon .
he was nt going to take this mere child lightly , that was one thing he learned from the intruder , to never underestimate someone until you know the full extent of they re power .
well , the only thing men have ever wanted from me was when i lay on my back .
ok , the first thing you need to learn is balance .
one thing about being tierna was that being a noble myself , i rarely had to wait for an audience though i found that they were often short and now knew why .
the thing i hated most about being a leader was the paperwork , second was sending men to die , third was leading men to die .
she preferred to smile , a thing that infuriated me .
i turned on the lights , how i said was dark outside and only then , i realized that i felt asleep and my luggage were still unopened , a thing that even she observed , standing on the bed .
the first thing i saw was this huge poster , which represented a death with her scythe .
the man was driving very slow , a thing , which was exasperating me ; even a snail could walk much faster then us , the street being almost empty .
the first thing that i saw was laurences beautiful masculine face .
only one thing i did nt like at you , the fact that you did nt trust me completely and you should nt find out that mara was my psychiatrist .
the only thing indicating there had been a door there was the carved pillars on each side as though someone had started making a building but had nt finished .
the same thing she had noticed while she was lost in the wastes .
but one thing i have learned is that bullies like to pick on the little guy , especially if they do nt have a way to defend themselves .
as they walked into the directors office the first thing rica noticed was all the books ; bookcases covered three walls of the room and all of them were filled with books .
the weather mystery was only one thing that made the academy of the arts like a dream you could touch to rica .
the unmistakable feeling of powerful magic was the first thing moyo noticed upon climbing into the back window into a kitchen .
are you always this arrogant or is it just a lizard thing ?
the crisp morning air flowing in and then out in a cloudy mist , the beating of her heart as her feet pounded on the dirt , the exhilaration that flowed through her very being as she experienced the closest thing to freedom that she had ever known .
in asenyas eyes , there was no such thing as too much black eyeliner , which always matched her long painted black nails .
their steady breathing was the only thing that could be heard as they gracefully streamed through the green .
the only thing that raced through their brains was the need to match each step , and pound forward into the earth of the forest .
the last thing that she saw was the black boots that were seated at the foot of the bed .
one thing that did not pass , however , was her feeling of restlessness .
the dark blocked out everything around her , the only thing that existed was her and the dark body of the cliff .
the first thing that she saw was the beady black eyes floating towards her in twos along the water .
all of her times in the city had one thing in common ; magic sparkled through each one of the memories .
the only thing that astonishes me is that she did not strike me dead at once .
' it 's the same thing , ' cried the young man .
the first thing she perceived through the damp gray mist was honest planchette , who , with the two horses in hand , awaited her at the door of a little blind cabaret , before which d'artagnyn had passed without even a suspicion of its existence .
aside from the pain , the next thing that ascended on my mind was pam .
the first thing that came to my mind was my paintings .
i smiled , a little embarrassed ; and when i kissed her , i felt the butterfly thing again ; more this time .
the good thing about the chit - chats is it eases tension and they do their things smoothly without been too serious .
the last thing she wants now is to lose focus .
but one thing i could see was that , regardless of the terrain features the legs lifted them over , the bodies remained unnaturally stable .
the only thing i can compare it to is the stability evidenced by a bird of prey in holding its head still when watching something from a great distance aloft while its wings and neck compensate for the buffeting of the wind .
the first thing i saw , aside from my incongruously bare and dirty feet bracketed by the dark , boot - shod feet of my escorts , was the floor .
you are quite correct about one thing , i am heartless , or more correctly my heart is not with me .
the only thing that saved me was that he seemed more intent on watching the star field as it drifted above , that and the slowness of his traverse across the deck .
the only thing in that terrifying place that gave her any comfort was the fooling of someones arm under her hand .
one thing that you could say about riki , neil reflected ; she had an easy temperament and forgot her anger quickly .
the last thing he wanted to do was to keep walking through that dripping , wailing tunnel ; in fact , he desired nothing more than to run back to rikis house , hide in his own bed and wait for morning .
the only thing he could say for certain about her was that when mana said something , he believed it with no hesitation whatsoever .
the only thing they owned now was the clothes on their backs .
and the same thing goes for you .
the only thing he knew for certain was that he could nt stand still .
he did nt know how good a shot hauser was , but that was the great thing about using an mp40 .
then , if it were even possible to detect such a thing seika thought he spied a sly grin on the face of the wolf and his frame relaxed .
` ` only one other thing , mr . clancy .
the only thing missing was a good belch to finish the image of a construction worker drinking a beer .
the last thing he remembered seeing was her smiling at him .
so when the hollow ringing darkness started to fade from the nerve shock his brain received when mariss jammed his jaw back into his skull with her fist , the slowly returning light was the first thing jay - ls brain began to register .
the following morning he was up at 0600 , shaved first thing which was not always the case and dressed in a golf shirt under an argyle sweater and a pair of dress pants .
nice thing about most of the courses round here is that they re open all year , said jonny as they walked off the 18th green , some of them and this one in particular , are just a riot of color in the spring as there are azaleas and rhodos all over the place .
the last thing we need is another botched plan .
the most notable thing about him though was the short knife he held in the other hand .
alex looked down at his bare feet and smiled because the hard packed soil was the only thing cool in the entire house .
if there is one thing gambit was good at it was how skilled his hands were .
if there was one thing he loathed more than anything else it was the oppressive government they were forced to live under and becoming a guard only showed lack of respect to your fellow man .
he wanted the only one thing he s never had .
the only thing that moved was shades head and he was now looking up .
the only thing he did nt eat were the guts .
the last thing he needed was to get foot rot .
yellow eyes were the first thing alex noticed on the large head and followed it up .
its been nearly four weeks since you last shaved and the only thing i can recognize are your gray eyes .
the only thing out of place was that he has nt been brushed clean in quite some time .
each person wore a different clothing style , but only one thing was the same .
come on , the only thing you could get from him would be your body .
i answered the only thing keeping my alive is this freakish static !
one thing about her struck brand as strange : running down her cheeks were twin white scars .
the only thing different was the idol of the great mother they had given him .
the first thing brand noticed was the temperature .
one thing , i think , they have in common ; the dead walkers of my country and these dark - links hate fire , and they ca nt stand light .
the last thing brand felt in the material world was the platform giving out beneath his feet .
its a hell of a thing , being a changed man in the same old world .
greed was the only thing that ever united hai hai and the priest .
the only thing chaim 's saloon lacked was a steady supply of top - shelf booze , as all liquor had to be shipped in hand - over - fist to meet demand and , even then , it quickly dwindled ? and it was at his most hopeless over the situation that chaim stumbled on a quiet shop - owner that had arrived with them beauties .
but when we were together , and you were with me , and i wanted you , the only think you wanted - the only thing you 'll ever want - is home .
the first thing nathan noticed was the fact that both lakes appeared to be draining away .
chapter 3 waking up the first thing beau myers noticed as he started to come awake was that he could hear again .
the first thing he noticed , besides the fact that he had toes , was how wet his socks felt .
the only thing that stopped them from going off the roof was hitting against the high ledge of the roof .
another thing he will always remember is how peaceful he felt as she held him .
the only thing separating it from the rest of the outfit was the sign of solomon burned into the brown leather at the center of his chest .
the only thing is that symbol symbolizes different things to different people .
but it was also just another thing about him that pissed sabrena off .
you see the thing is a sunrise is basically like the fingerprint of a planet so all of them are unique but with sunrises on earth the unique is actually in its simplicity and the minimalism of those viewing it .
one thing about colin ryan was that he wanted to know everything about the way his quote unquote empire was running .
stray exited colin stood and walked out of the meeting room , father , we do have one thing in common .
you know the only thing i do not miss about heaven ?
the one thing vital to a successful mission : pegasus must land on a flat surface .
the only thing that saved them from the horrific blast was the wire cage - it stopped the deadly pieces of steel and metal from hitting them directly .
that will be the first thing he would check when the hatch re - opens .
chapter forty - five home sweet home the last thing captain scarburg remembered was the immense flash of blue light .
the first thing sergeant rhodes though was jamming .
noticing the same thing , bud , lou , olive marie , forrest and rocky all crowded in closer to the captain seemingly trying to assist him in any way they possibly could .
he was an imposing person to see , but the first thing that caught captain scarburgs eye was the golden crucifix hanging around two buffalos neck .
there was only one other thing i want : savana .
the only thing i knew for sure was he was nt president of this country .
the most interesting thing about him was a tattoo on his neck that i could nt see all of .
for one thing their ship depends on it .
villeneuves pissed off with boney by all accounts and according to the scuttlebutt he s on his bike , so one thing he has nt been getting lately is good press .
physical bravery is one thing , visible , tangible , easy to describe .
you can never second guess it , admiral ; hindsight is a wonderful thing .
the only thing white , was their shirts , which were buttoned up tight at the neck .
this would have been the end - fate of life on earth except for one thing .
ill get my boots on usually grandpa would go alone , it was his thing , he had a special relationship with bees , no - one could understand how he would always come back with honey and as far as anyone could remember he had never been stung .
* * * nobody in the room had an explanation for the apparent power of the fragment , one thing sananda did notice was that the longer he held the thing the stronger the feeling grew , this feeling , he could not identify with .
one thing stood out to him in all of this , the feeling that the fire element was ultimately the element which is central to the possibility of a conscious three dimensional form .
the year is now 2003 , to coe the pertinent thing about this time was that he was here with the only people he really knew and loved , it is through these things that a family and community and indeed a species gains its strength .
one thing he had learned was that if you do nt feel it calling you then no matter how much you want it it wo nt happen .
the last thing coe saw of jurgen was his grinning and sparkling face as it gently dispersed into the surrounding atmosphere along with all of the atoms of the rest of his body , water to water , earth to earth , air to air and fire to fire , each atom releasing the energy from its own life cycle , his face was beaming with a smile that said it all .
the one thing they could not drop was their accents , which remained with them for life .
for one thing , talking to a sub - contractor violates the prime contractor clause .
she knew the only thing she was likely to check out was the beach , and maybe a good book .
that s the thing about working in intelligence , he replied , gazing absently at the percolator .
he was military through and through , his bearings gave him away ; however , i had no knowledge of his life except the tidbits that baba told me , well yes , there is one thing i was aware of about grandpa scarburg - the family and close friends , referred to him as big s. pa , my grandfather , was called little s. my daddy robert edward scarburg , iii was trey .
feeding my stomach was the last thing on my mind right now .
the really strange thing was the static electricity that jumped from it to the ground .
chapter thirty - three sarge packs his rucksack the things that tinker had shown amazed and mystified them , but it did one additional thing too .
the thing about college ball was like the difference between a car and a freight train , the way they hit each other .
the first thing he noticed was the floor , because his nose was pressed up against it : it was made of rough - hewn planks of wood , fitted poorly together and warped by the elements into curving , twisted lines .
that girl that you continue to antagonize is the closest thing to me in this world .
the packs were where they had left them , though hers had been torn open it looked like the only thing missing was the largest of the waterskins .
the thing that he felt most , as he sat alone in the darkness , was shame .
it was a strange thing , not having a home .
the first thing he saw was river , swinging his neck to look at him and snorting again .
he looked again at his mother , that she might be the last thing he would see .
one thing curious about h & s was that the drivers were all russian .
the nicest thing about currans property was the boat tied to the dock , a nineteen - foot inboard ski boat , and a jet ski on a trailer .
the only thing odd under the circumstances was the bright afternoon sunlight .
she continued , the other thing we have to recognize is that this was a well - executed effort that was set up from the beginning to defeat our tracking efforts .
the only thing he can remember clearly is darkness .
he knows the eyes of vengeance well , but hatred is nt the only thing familiar about them .
the only thing he needs right now is sleep .
nodding in agreement , rift does nt realize mais comfort is the only thing keeping him from panicking and making a critical mistake .
that s not the only thing bothering you , she infers , reading into his mannerisms .
though he has no idea where the sage of light might be , his captors ignorance to the fact is the only thing keeping him alive .
the unwelcome exertion weakens her body even more so than before , and the last thing zelda hears is footsteps quickly moving away .
the thing is , no matter who wins , everything stays the same .
that s another thing to remember , do nt ever trust the mexican government guys .
the last thing she wanted was to alienate him when , now more than ever , they were going to have to work together to survive .
if she 'd learnt one thing from her experiences in taraska , it was that she could n't bear being tortured for information she did n't have .
` ` that 's the thing about risk , is n't it ?
she leant against the wall , hoping none of her fellow students would come past and ask what she was doing there ; she did n't want to explain , but if she 'd learnt one thing from their studies in interrogation it was that she was a terrible liar .
the thing is , they 're beautiful knives , but i ' ve no proof they 're unique . ''
and whatever it is , you 'll approach it in whatever way suits your style , so the most important thing is to be comfortable with yourself .
the only thing that helped the bitterness of being shunned was the fact that he did nt have to have every crack and crevice on his body sniffed by a security dog .
the one thing the raid failed to do was use up enough time to get him out of his fathers extra chores .
the first thing one notices upon entering the jungle is that there is absolutely no wind .
well , for one thing , its adorned with colorful motifs , and for a water jar , i consider that to be highly unusual .
the one thing that bothered him most about catalina was her inobservance of time .
well , for one thing his spanish was deplorable , but he also used an assimilation of indian words for certain landmarks .
for one thing he did nt like shade .
i do have you to thank for one thing .
that did nt concern him , because at a cursory glance the only thing anyone would be able to spot was the dark - colored poncho .
okay benjamin franklin , but that s another thing i m not used to .
paul never liked harold armitage ; he did nt like a single thing about him .
this was not just a morning thing ; it was starting to be like this throughout the day .
the first thing i noticed , from the image sent to me , was the pendant around matts neck .
that s the thing about history , there s always more .
the first thing i ve observed about relationships is this .
the last thing he heard was the snapping of his neck , and everything faded to a soundless black .
with the exception of my grandfather , i had no ties to the government , or any high power organisation for that matter , so the last thing i expected to find when i answered my front door was the high darlon councils public representative staring back at me .
i was the only thing that stood between the end of valiros as we knew it , and the death of billions of innocent humans .
the only thing i hated worse than working for free was paying to work for free .
but lately i d been working hard and the last thing i needed was to be inside a hot apartment all day babysitting .
the thing about dogs is the more you chase them , the more they run away .
the funny thing about being out at sea is even though you re surrounded by water , none of it is drinkable and i was starting to feel the back of my throat get dry .
good thing about places like this -- even though the place looked condemned , the foods fantastic .
chapter eight : kiss kiss , bang bang when we got back from the tanker job the only thing i wanted to do was sleep .
the last thing i needed was to be groped before my morning coffee .
soaked in sweat , the only thing i felt was my aching feet .
the only thing stopping me from putting him in a coma was that big wad of cash he had locked away inside his pocket .
the only thing left was the smoking gun in daevins hand filled with empty shells .
the thing about angry strangers is they always remember the gas mask and after our small job was complete , we decided to return to our newly acquired friend only to find his body missing and two additional holes dug around his hole .
if we had one thing working in our favor , it was that the creature did nt seem to be in a hurry .
with the door still slightly ajar , the last thing the user of the outhouse saw was a dark shape and the sput and flash of a suppressed weapon as it blew his head off .
that s the thing , sir .
kpuns voice behind him was the only thing that stopped him completely loosing his composure .
it was one thing travelling around the country in a modern audi , knowing you were staying in a four star hotel when you got there .
roughing it is one thing but ill be damned if i m going to become a boring old cow before i m thirty .
that s the last thing i need is to go back to jail for breaking and entering or at least entering .
he still had his boxers on , though , which was the only thing that made him feel a little relieved .
when the supper bell rang several hours later , the only thing that gave chris any gumption to walk up to the house was knowing he was going to see hanna .
the last thing he wanted her to see in him was a lying imposter .
that was definitely one thing he missed about his time .
trust is a hard thing to build back once its been broken .
other than being worn smooth and about the same size , the other thing they have in common is that they are all made of lava .
without a warning , angell blushed , a thing observed only by serena who tried to capture the boys attention , breaking that moment of silence .
in that morning , angell was very nervous and worried , not knowing how everything will going to be , and only the thought that everybody from the island was there and will look at her , made angell to lose her food appetite , a thing which amira hated the most , reproving her .
sabrina was very close to explode because of the emotions , a thing which angell understood perfectly ; even she had to struggle with a situation like that , with the festival which just passed .
her hands were full of mud , inclusive under her nails , a thing which suggested that the girl just dig the ground .
mariuss came from the dark , looking angry and pretty serious , a rare thing at him , considering that he was always happy and joking .
lovin , while he was walking , was watching by time to time at amira , warmly smiling , a thing which the girl felt it until her finger feet .
there s one reassuring thing to remember at such times .
and now you and i have one more thing in common .
it was the last thing john saw before falling unconscious .
the first thing that struck him was the biting cold welling in his bones .
that s the thing , though .
the numbers are the thing , kala tried to explain .
the hypothetical would always be radically different from the reality , and one thing he d not accounted for was the dread that had taken hold of him as soon as he d walked into the elevator .
that s the thing about staying in hostels , travelling around .
you 're the closest thing to a friend i have .
this fact was discussed with waving willow , who had also noticed the same thing .
he stroked a couple of fir needles and flower petals out of her hair and said , what s the important thing ta remember about clouds ?
the important thing ta remember is that , behind the clouds , the sun is still shining .
everything looked exactly as it was supposed toexcept for one thing .
the second thing that was great about visiting grandmas house was the shed .
brian was full of questions , belief being one thing , but facts being quite another .
the only thing we knew for certain is that today we were going through the portal .
the one thing i could sense beyond the ant that carried me was the rumbling of the earth .
the thing that seemed off to me was her indifference to the death of her son .
well , i know of a few things you could try natasha says and then whispers in chezas ear , whispers being the only thing i can pick up over the sound of the jets .
natasha shouts at cheza , whose naked form is the last thing i see before everything goes dark .
tonight , the only thing that was there was the stereo system that had played the music .
so it was nt original , but that was about the only thing that was nt original about this person .
jamie do nt like to fight , which is the only thing that s kept you two from pickin yourselves up off the floor on a daily basis .
of course , the thing he did enjoy about sixth period english was rena black , who was also the teachers daughter .
and the only thing you ve accomplished today , he now grabbed a handful of her hair , causing her to gasp in pain , is embarrassing me !
well , the thing is they have the junior demon began to hesitate and lose his thread of thought under the icy stare of his boss .
the main thing is the mark that you give yourself .
and that s not the only thing , '' thought ben .
but the most interesting thing was that with age , michaels interest in various questions just grew and grew .
on the walls next to it were the most beautiful paintings with fantastic animals and scenes from nature depicted on them - but the most remarkable thing was that they were constantly changing .
the most important thing for a person is to protect their soul , and then they will see things as they really are and stop dangerously experimenting with their own lives .
but the most important thing is not to besmirch your soul well , that s enough about that lads , i appear to have got side - tracked and seem to rubbing an old wound .
he was behaving towards them as if he were their real father : he fed and watered them , told stories and went for walks with them but the most important thing was that he treated their problems as his own .
the main thing was how their mother had taught them to make a correct assessment of anything that happened .
but the most important thing is that she understands everything about karma .
in addition to a bouquet of compliments the most interesting thing was the impression that he seemed to know her so well : her tastes , her habits and he seemed to second guess many things about her life .
looking into his eyes , the only thing she saw was her own face , reflected so small she looked like a bug .
it was a different thing , a hoarse sigh that knew no other breath would follow .
a new thing came to the space , a smell of heat .
heavy breathing and scuffling at those times was almost the only thing to break the silence .
conversation was the last thing on those minds .
the sound now was a physical thing , not so loud it deafened , but so persistent , so pervasive , it had dimension , a pressure that insinuated it into the body to rasp every nerve .
ca nt afford the grenades , for one thing .
the only thing that keeps me from running from them is the way they mind .
after twenty - four hours of flying the last thing fiona needs is a husband giving off brewery - fumes .
* * * sixteen the first thing claire noticed was the cold .
she was just about the closest thing to a friend that he had at the moment .
the only thing that lent any credence to his story was his eyes .
the only thing i was looking at was how well you rinse the shampoo out of your hair .
well , that 's the thing .
one thing ted knew for sure was that he must find melody and make sure she was safe .
if there is one thing everyone should know about surviving large hordes of zombies , it is to never paint yourself into a corner .
the only thing uncle percival cared about was money .
one thing i ve always admired is that , even when he does something stupid , he never complains about it afterwards or blames anybody else .
the thing is , witchkin are human descendants from a colony ship that landed on irridani long ago .
no , i ' m just making conversation and savoring the moment , cause the only thing that really keeps me going is my insatiable desire to hunt you primates to extinction .
the only thing i care about is killing them !
the same thing applies to every other walker in this building .
smiling , he said , i suppose not getting dirty from touching rocks is another thing ill never get used to .
as you say , i m sure ill feel more the thing after some food and a hot drink .
we can go to the zoo first thing and then drive to the hostel after lunch .
the other thing that matilda noticed was how clean everything was .
the first thing that matilda noticed was how pretty the girl was , and then she saw the zeus medallion around her neck .
matilda was so tired that the last thing she felt she needed was food but zinzabad insisted .
the only thing was every time he deflected or dodged a strike broudie would get harder .
but it is from greek origin so it also influences you in a greek way and your natural reactions will be more intense , its an ancient thing .
then the last thing he saw was the blinding sun before he plunged into the enveloping blanket of dark blue .
the weird thing was he had a strange feeling as if he should ve known who the people were .
constant hissing was the only thing that told jay the snake was still alive .
due to that fact , the only thing to identify him as royalty at all was the flag carried by one of his guards , the quality of his clothing , and the small crown encircling his brow .
the only thing that i do know is that i can not have him as my advisor .
pleasantries seemed the one thing missing from the discussion , but at least the point was being established quickly , thoughts scarborough .
every grinned , the one thing he loved more than scarborough was booty , and the idea of her being dark skinned did not offend him so long as she promised lots of riches along with it .
she grew drunk and tired , then remembering one more thing for which she craved because of her long drought without her human form .
scarborough nodded in agreement , yes , i could hear you quite clearly but i could nt see anyone around playing the music , it was the strangest thing .
one thing scarborough had always been able to do and even more so since being a spider was read animals thoughts .
the first thing i remember is spotting the skeletons spine , where we had to climb , or leap rather from platform of stone to platform in order to cross to the other side of the canyon .
a full gallop was the last thing you wanted to be maintaining when hitting dead mans curve , in fact , it would nt be wise to do anything more than walk , but beyond that turn lay the witches peaks and if in a head to head with another person in the race one might not have a choice in what pace they take the turn .
that was when it dawned on me , the only other thing people yell besides go at the backstretch was the horses name so my new horses name was ghost , hopefully enough people would yell it so go would hear it .
she was a lover of nature which was an obvious thing on her .
sofia was indeed an ordinary school girl like every girl on the city but there was just one thing that made her a huge different from the others .
i just want to know if you feel the same thing on him .
one thing sofia had noticed was his hands were soft and pretty .
your smiling face was the last thing i want to see on my way under .
not a single god - damned thing .
the only thing terradyn needed were banks strong enough to direct the flow .
the only good thing about the alcalde is his brandy .
nothing not a damned thing .
if there was one thing i 'd learned from all of my years in stressful and demanding situations it was that a healthy body was key to a healthy mind , a healthy outlook and the ability to handle any situation .
` ` that 's the other thing that bothers me .
she detested one thing , the lines of coal ships visible on the horizon awaiting loading at the newcastle coal port one of the biggest in the world .
camden may not be a careful planner like trinity but one thing he could always count on was thinking on his feet .
luck was a great thing to have on your side but eventually it had a tendency of running out and camden did n't like to think of that happening right now .
the other thing to interest camden was a leather bracer , it did n't have a match but it did have a shiny silver stud on top .
but there was one thing that montrose did have in abundance , and it was no coincidence that it was the one thing any good hunter needed .
this thing about her memorydo you ?
the thing about any fight is , not so much getting in your licks at the other guy , as making sure he does nt get anything on you .
in an odd way , he was the closest thing to a family i had left .
it felt good to be held , the closest thing to an embrace that i would experience for some time .
the intriguing thing about power , mademoiselle , is that once a man tastes it , he ca nt stop hungering for more .
i ve got rehearsals first thing , all ill be doing this evening is sleeping .
i never understood that long engagement thing .
yep , i might not be strong or possess amazing martial arts abilities but i do have one thing in my dna which has always proved useful ; when confronted with physical harm i can flee with the best of them .
the weirdest thing in the room was the difference in the amount of violence involved .
the police in dallas , fort worth and their surrounding communities have one thing in common , really cool cars , and detective nat halloweds was no different except it was a truck with flashing lights on the roof and a four - foot suspension system .
johnny , the repeating thing really does get annoying .
its got the one thing we do nt want in a drink ; tomato juice which coats the stomach .
momentum is an inherently natural thing to understand ; something moving takes a little time to stop .
the same thing all wealthy people held then ; land .
oh , yeah , the whole dopamine thing .
but texas has numerous other cities , they all like to visit each other , they all have freeways connecting them and those freeways all have one thing in common ; a single destination .
the good thing about being friends with werewolves and vampires is you do nt need to watch what you eat .
first , we went to that big mall , you know the one probably the third thing dallas is known for , after its restaurants and heat , is its shopping .
now , the good thing about dallas at the time was it was abundant in the one resource necessary for those concrete raceways ; land .
the only thing she could nt change was my voice but we overcame it through the use of the coupons and the universal sign language every foreigner uses in order to get their point across .
she really would ve been able to run right past people without them noticing if it were nt for one thing .
over and over again we watched and i ve got to admit i started to root for the old guy , sort of hoping maybe , just maybe , he could get his head on straight and figure out his feet were on backwards but , alas , he never did and the last thing i remember about the greatest salesman industrial products ever employed was him shrieking and shuffling before phillip gently shut the door .
neither one of these cultural defining institutions leads one to think about settling down unless one is a hippy professor or a smarmy lobbyist because both institutions have one thing in common ; a relatively short lifespan for those entering their sacred doors .
what s with this whole sensing thing ?
he did nt reply , of course , because he was still doing his whole aloof - zombie thing so i turned back around to open the door when i felt another , slighter hint of a breathe on my neck so i again turned back around , this time a little peeved because diaper - zombie - boy could nt follow even the simplest of instructions and saw grrrr .
the first thing i encountered was the wall located about five feet inside the wooden doors which swung shut behind me cutting out any early evening light available which led me to walk headfirst into what was in my path .
yet , the most striking thing about him was his beautiful blue eyes !
the first thing he saw was a picture of a man in his late twenties to early thirties .
the interesting and funny thing about the situation is ; how you could have easily avoided all of this !
the one thing that stryker remembered from the first time candace walked into the gym was candaces squeal , a tanning bed !
the last thing bashir saw was a needle descending toward his chest .
the first thing candace noticed was that she could nt hear any outside noise !
stryker said , one thing about you candace , no matter where you go , you sure know how to make a first impression !
the first thing stryker noticed was the rope .
the thing is you wo nt know it until it hits you !
one thing about being the ships cook is you re often ignored whilst people are eating around you .
chapter 9 the last man on earth the thing about going insane is that it does nt happen all at once .
water was one thing i was so much worried thinking about lately because i faced different situation with water last couple of days the water is beautiful is n't it ? ?
i knew it was nt a good idea to go into a house when the owners were already inside but i had no option when they did nt answer the door when i tapped then as i walked in first thing i saw was a living room there , and a beautiful fireplace .
that s also some thing to do with my powers .
the only good thing was that the sky was a cloudless blue .
the only thing that thorn could count on when it came to a fight with arnold keech was that it was going to be brutal .
and thorn , when are you ever going to learn that there s no such thing as a fair fight ?
the thing about people like jol is that they d promise you the world .
the one thing he could see was fear , and that emotion clouded everything else .
the first thing john noticed was the type of stone used .
the only thing missing was the assertion ... you ca nt miss it .
the thing you have to realise about ferdinand , duarte confided , is that once he makes up his mind to do something , nothing will get in his way .
the sincerity in voice was the most disorienting thing of all , and it pushed him over the edge , into the abyss , which greedily swallowed him .
the only thing they seemed to share in common , other than grime and their taste in jewelry , was their closely shaved heads .
looking funny is one thing sore feet are another .
i ' ve kept doing it since you taught me and i think it 's the only thing keeping me going most days . ''
there was one thing we all had in common though and that was the amount of heart break we d caused for our families .
because i m leaving first thing .
the best thing about it is that very few people chose to bother you and you actually knew your neighbors .
it was looked forward to and he laughed internally since concentration is the only thing keeping him upright .
the only thing that changed is how he breathed as he focused only on doing that .
the only thing cage noticed off was the lead riders horse had a large wrapped blanket draped over the hindquarters .
now back to the story the very first thing i know about myself is i was abandoned shortly after my unknown mother gave birth to me .
the only thing that kept her from fainting is her hand resting over his slowly beating heart .
the last thing i remember of you was watching your eyes roll back into your head and saw you collapse .
speed and strength are important in battle , but the greatest thing to always remember is skill and experience far exceed physical attributes .
adrenaline became the only thing keeping meeka on her feet and fear that the beasts were right behind them made her legs move .
the last thing i need is for thieves and robbers coming after me because of my arms .
the only thing to get her to approach is brookes beauty and kindness .
if there was just one thing that made life in a wheelchair most unbearable is how people treat you differently .
the last thing to go was the trees .
mindless thefts were nt the only thing worrying mr davis lately .
one thing lucy knew about witches was when they were among their own kind they loved to talk .
his face was in darkness and the only thing she could fathom of his mood was that he was nt smiling .
it was one thing knowing it was a high - altitude alpine route and another to see it stretched out before her .
even if there was time for them to start working , claire was certain she could nt open her mouth long enough to swallow anything : the only thing preventing her from vomiting over the seat in front was the clenched grip of her jaw muscles .
with my body twas an impossible task to try and restore any semblance of order , one thing which i craved ceaselessly in all areas of life .
the last thing i want written in my eulogy is any mention of me failing to help my son attain his ambitions !
luckily one thing he excelled at it was good old fashioned determination and loyalty , which lots of folk twice his intelligence had nt mastered .
he was the last thing she needed now .
the only thing that kept you back was your color blindness .
the funny thing was how everything was hung or sat .
apartment managers all had one thing in common which was they were undercompensated for the work performed .
the convicts responded accordingly and it was that aspect which was even more troubling to the detectives for they d known men like those jailed in maximum security prisons and the last thing they were was cordial to a beautiful woman .
he thought he would ve made a good lawyer if not for one thing ; he despised school .
the funny thing about king crabs , as johnny learned later , was while they may appear tough to tackle they actually had a rather large achilles heel ; they could not do anything if picked up from behind .
so as johnny jumped into the icy - cold waters off the coast of kodiak the last thing he saw before entering the freezing liquid was the old man holding aloft what would later become the dinner of dozens smothered in melted butter served over a pile of pilaf .
it was hot , it was quick and it had the one thing all food should contain ; flavor .
he liked tranquility and the last thing in the world humans were was tranquil .
okay , i guess the first thing you re wondering about is the unique stature of nat .
okay , can you please tell me what it is with nat and his privilege thing ?
the only good thing about representatives , they were always willing to hear themselves speak .
it was another thing he disliked about their species ; they were too mistrusting of surveillance .
for one thing , there can also be retirees from government service at ages , say below 65 .
i could motor you back first thing so you d get the bike back at start of business tomorrow .
the important thing is that bands believe in their music whether they re typically good or not .
that i d be returning to america was the only thing that stopped him beating me to death .
from the stage calvin continued singing and amended the last line to , what the world has now is love sweet love , its the only thing that that this whole room is full of .
ginny was the closest thing to a friend anne had ever had .
the first thing i saw when i opened the bedroom door was faith .
the crew could sense the anxiety of the captain and mate , a dangerous thing aboard a ship .
the first thing she noticed was her brown skin .
besides the food , the thing anne hated most about being on a ship was all the time it allowed for thinking .
one thing john did not estimate correctly was the amount of time this project would require .
there was one strange thing about it , though .
the last thing shed hear would be lauras cries .
the first thing she remembered was the faint crack of atr fire and the neds pained roar as the high - velocity scam rounds punched gaping holes through its weakened armor .
it was the first thing shed seen upon arriving at falcreek almost a cycle ago .
of all she had learned , the thing she found most amazing about humans was their insatiable zest for life .
arrogance was an easy thing to manipulate .
the thing is that i ve dealt with too many guys like you .
rihanna did the same thing and look at how she turned out .
the best thing about being kids to these crazy women is picking up their little quirks and tricks .
the thing is that i could nt say anything to her .
he makes me feel different from what i ve felt these past few years , and that s the only thing i need .
forsake my own blood , my own name , when it is that very thing that designates our ruling of everyone and everything around us ?
one thing about head shots : they may not always get you a job in hollywood , but they always get the job done in a fight .
believe me , tomika , beef said , childbirth is the last thing i m thinking about when i m masturbating to the thought of you .
i think the only thing that can ease my pain is my own group of hoes competing for my love .
i know a bleeding heart is your thing , k. , but sometimes you just know when somethings fishy .
everything they sold tasted amazing , but my favorite thing was always the alcapurrias .
i ve been trying to do this pescatarian thing so you and i can have at least one thing in common , but i ve been craving real meat for the longest .
the only thing i m gon na admit is that the menu thing was kinda cool , but i still have a weird feeling , and its not just from that nordic orgy that s about to happen at the table next to us .
in the way that a church grows strong by having more and more people join its congregation , the same thing applies to the voice of the people .
you re all i ever think about and the only thing i really want in this world .
trust was the only thing she could offer for comfort now .
she had what she needed , and it was the only thing on her mind , soothing her fears like medication to a malady .
but the thing about comic books , glenn said , is that when its over , after the day is saved , everythings okay , right ?
if there was one thing that was to be expected upon entering ms . di staccis office , it was that the unexpected was never more than seconds away from occurring in abundance .
you stay stuck in your perfect , little world where the only thing that matters is you , allison said .
like i ve said , the only thing that kept me from joining was i needed to help my dad .
plus , having my parents at my wedding is another thing i can add to my list of stuff - i - had - at - my - wedding - that - felicia - didnt .
robert , the only thing i was feeling at the party was my shoes squeezing my bunions .
but one thing i ve learned is that even though the past is always there , you ca nt cling to it .
not a thing cept the grubby clothes e was wearing and i did nt want them .
now alan was here , and it seemed that the most shocking thing about him was how disarmingly normal he was .
he knew his body was damaged and the last thing he really wanted checking was his brain .
the thing that makes your son special is that is he was the first one to get sick .
the last thing i remembered before drifting off to sleep was walking beside the bay and holding melodys hand .
the nearest thing i can relate my reluctance about trying to understand anything about the how and why of it all to , was superstition .
if there s one thing cats know , its how to get comfortable they seem to have perfected it compared to all of the other creatures on earth .
we continued on towards his ball and he continued on with his tutoring , there s no such thing as distance or time , for that matter .
the last thing i remembered seeing before drifting off to sleep was the full moon through my slit - like window .
chapter 43 the first thing i noticed about ancient rome was how nice it was without all of the advertisements , automobiles and electrical power lines everywhere .
the second thing i noticed was the colors .
one nice thing about being in a coma was that we did nt have to break down the equiment after the show .
however , the last thing i remember from that day were two words .
the most frustrating thing , though , was my manual dexterity .
i always have i always will , you re the only thing that s real to me , and , every time i dream of you , i melt .
hank reeked of whiskey , for one thing .
the thing i love about the yha hostels is that so many of them are in amazing buildings or locations like this .
the only thing that existed on the whole planet was his body , inches away from hers .
the first thing that suzie became aware of was a pain developing in her backside , in took a few seconds to gather her thoughts and realise what was happening , then she shouted shaun and tried to pull away .
the only thing that the place lacked was the feminine touch like a living , breathing feminine female .
one thing i was sure of was that in the morning , the others would have no difficulty in following their quarry , as they were making no attempt to hide their tracks .
for one thing , nellie had been the one to pass the book on to me and she must have known what was in it .
the other thing i felt , as i guided my car along the winding lanes towards the main road , was a strange foreboding , as if something dire was going to happen and there was nothing i could do to stop it .
the first thing that hit me was the heat that was like a damp , hot blanket being thrown over us as we cleared the air conditioned interior of the aircraft .
it grows in river valleys and were on the way to a river for one thing , she said it like i had missed an extremely obvious point , and its unsuitable as a fuel , meaning frederick chose an acacia as he knew there would be a better chance of it not being chopped down by the villagers , so there would always be a marker to show him where he had buried the treasure .
for one thing , its a good camp site and for another , well be able to see where the southern cross is and get our bearings more accurately when the suns gone .
chariots of the texans ` ` now you are strangers and aliens no longer ... '' genesis 37:1 introduction a nice thing about living in the great state of texas is you do n't have to make up stuff to impress people with how magnificent it is .
so they asked him what gives , and he said , ' it 's because the first thing i saw when i entered the classroom was this big plus sign with a man nailed to it , and i said to myself : if these people are that serious about arithmetic then i sure as heck better buckle down . ' ''
the last thing i remember was seeing those blackish eyes trying to undress me , not to simply unlayer my clothes , but to peel away my skin !
then willie said , one thing about this here place is i ai nt felt any wind yet .
no misunderstandings here , i said , that last thing i want is to join up with you .
the thing is , we all have the same problem .
in my travels and my studies of history and mythology , one thing i ve realized is that there are so many similarities between people that if anyone cares to look , they will find more things that people have in common than which separate them .
everything seemed the same , except for one thing .
next to willies kiss it was the only thing in this cursed land that felt good to me .
i seem to remember cider was the first thing i got drunk on : i ca nt imagine robert approving of his ten year old son getting tipsy .
why do nt you stop here the night and leave first thing ?
and he was also beginning to annoy me with that my boy thing .
he was the closest thing to a brother i had ever had and he was probably the only guy who i would ever let nail me on something like that .
i had been going out which was the weird thing about it but not in the way he was inferring .
and edwin noticed another odd thing about madame voltaria .
the last thing she wanted was for saffy and jaz to see that happen .
the first thing andrew noticed were the large elegant paintings that adorned the walls , most of them depicting fantastic creatures ; chimeras , dragons , griffins .
and the amazing thing about it was that the diagram moved !
the first thing that andrew noticed was that all of its buildings were made of stone .
if there was one thing that he had learnt , it was that adventure was n't all fun and a good time like it was often depicted to be in books and movies .
my father taught me many things about honor , loyalty , and that my word was my promise then on a day during the kyro season when i was fourteen , my father taught me the most important thing of all .
he d get produce of all kinds but the one thing that folks around river sunday were always good at breeding was good fat chickens .
for one thing his mother was getting right along .
the only thing left was his shirtsleeve , ripped off at the shoulder , snagged around that horrible little bush .
no , that moment was gone because the only thing he loved more than watching the lady of the light was listening to her .
the last thing you want is attention .
attention was the last thing they wanted .
the only thing he could hear was the sound of the rushing water and the thoughts racing through his head .
the sound of the river faded away until the only thing he could hear was his own footsteps .
the view through the wooden framed glass slider leading to a tiny balcony was the first thing that caught rick 's eye .
the only thing different is the shower stall .
the first thing that came to mind was when i experienced that same white light in my near death experience .
during our conversation , he mentioned dennis and the odd thing about it was that he knew him .
as she lay there in the shadow of the cliff face contemplating hakon , vikings and life in general , she felt the amulet warm against her skin , her hand reached for it and she let her thoughts wander , sleep being the furthest thing from her mind .
the thing he noted first was the stench .
it is nt the same thing but it hit me how similar it was to victims of trauma and survivors of comas .
watching the joy and relief as the family reunited was the only thing that made the night bearable .
but the only thing he felt was very familiar : hunger .
father , the only thing i want more than to please you , is to know who i am .
it came to me only after i acknowledged that to be stuck in a constant state of good or bad is the only real negative , and the most important thing to imbibe is the absoluteness of change .
as it turned out , the only thing we had in common was our friends .
the early morning helicopter flight seems to be the only thing that s consistent .
the most important thing is that we both survived .
chapter 3 : snowblind when lucas emerged from the portal , the first thing he noticed was the temperature .
speaking of which , the first thing you should learn as a practitioner of light magic is to control your ability to sense the emotions of others .
however , as much as he wanted to say something , the last thing he wanted to do was to complain like some baby .
chapter 20 the buckboard was old and worn , creaking and shaking so much as it rolled down the rutted road that matthew felt certain the only thing holding it together was the driver 's confidence .
` ` the only thing i wish at this point is that you had shared their fate .
he had noticed amongst other things , his mother had taken to sweet talking in a childish , almost a baby talk voice , about anything she did n't agree with or like .
when he looked at her the first thing he saw was concern and a little bit of fear in her eyes .
the first thing he noticed was the line of freckles across the bridge of her small nose had gotten more numerous and darker in the spring sun .
the only new thing in the air was the new pupil with a most common and boring name that was easy to remember .
the only thing he knew at that moment was that she was extraordinary .
maybe this was the essential thing about their friendship .
the last thing she wanted was compassion .
the more she was laughing the more he was singing : but i ca n't dance , i ca n't talk only thing about me is the way that i walk i ca n't dance , i ca n't sing i ' m just standing here sellin ' everything .
-this whole thing with your energy .
the last thing she wanted right now was to run with someone through the park .
mia breathed in deeply , the air smelled of chestnuts , the only thing she was focussed on right now .
the only thing he remembered was that julian called him and that mia did n't come back to his apartment after school .
for one thing , mages had nt existed for centuries .
the most noticeable thing about her was her figure .
and furthermore , the only thing he loathes more than settling , is settling back home .
unfortunately for tina , the prospect of making some kids day is about the only thing motivating her to go to work anymore .
the first thing he looks for is any sign of being parked in the big city .
the only thing that makes it all so confounding is the fact that once i decide its over , at this point , never will i play again .
after a month , the only thing missing now was an assistant now , but that turned out harder than she had anticipated .
he had an angular , very male face that went great with his muscular build and his height , but the most stunning thing about him ( if a man like him could be called that ) were his eyes .
if there was one thing worse than theft , it was being a coward and to not own up to your mistakes .
hopefully , her brother would stand up for her and tell these morons that the only thing she had eaten had been her breakfast carrot ; which should nt be too hard for him to remember , considering he and his so - called friends had teased her mercilessly about it when they found her sitting on the dune above the practice ring .
the only thing she knew then was that she hurt , all over .
no man can resist her that 's why we get her to do what she does , she 's good at it one thing being it does n't bother her , its a skill .
that was the first thing ravan noticed , and he thought their recklessness branded them as opportunists , not elite warriors .
the mercenarys childhood had not been so kind , had not had the luxury of such a thing as unopposed optimism .
it was enough magic of its own to make a young girl sleepy and was the last thing she remembered of this night .
monsters can be terrible , but they all have one thing in common .
* * * the massive slave vessel pulled into the port , and the first thing risen was aware of was the lack of pitch with the boat .
one thing you need when fighting zombies is ammo , and plenty of it .
you can try to order the team around , but you ll learn quick that trying and doing ai nt the same thing .
after a year or two in the neverland with peter ( it may have been longer , time is a funny funny thing on the island ) , wendy - i - mean - margaret began to miss her mother in the other world .
the only good thing about the situation was their boat was a canoe as opposed to a flat - bottomed one ; otherwise an amarillo wrestling fan might have said the gaunt - faced grappler was in a dory funk .
the mosquitoes were nt the only thing getting thick .
one thing about jon raas : he always managed to snap back to his old self .
my focus is the only thing that keeps me alive in the city , because its surroundings have a way of making me hazy if i allow it , owing to their design .
` ` i know the last thing you and your dad need is more tension , so i 'll try , for you . ''
` ` yes , and seeing you in them is a beautiful thing , '' he said , recovering from his moment of shyness , and sounding much more like the alec i 'd come to know .
the only new thing we knew was we were surely restricted to the flexi - bubble that could flex and move .
instead , the only thing he feels is the cold wet rain .
the last thing he hears before walking away is , thank you angel .
the last thing the crew hears from wong is his parting goodnight fellows , and his laughter echoing through the empty metal hallway .
the crew whispers , it is an eerie thing for such a large body of water to be so silent and smooth for so long .
for one thing , he still did not consider himself a bona fide soldier , despite the fact that he was garbed in a magnificent grey uniform that was far better than any clothing he had ever owned in his eighteen years on earth .
just let her think - if there was one thing he d learned about women , it was to keep your mouth shut at the right times , and to his way of thinking , this was one of those times .
for one thing , plenty of buildings were made from stone , and a few were even made of adobe .
well , for one thing , you can look down and see that you re not shot nor wounded in any way , and that nobody else around you is either .
well , that s just the thing , governor .
he had that thing that all men seemed to have a lack of good sense that made him seek out the worst possible solution .
well , you re better lookin than me , for one thing , he had said , grinning winningly .
for one thing , i never met a one of them that s honest .
for one thing , the mexican army seemed to be growing by the day .
one thing he had always remembered never underestimate your enemy .
for one thing , we have nt engaged the enemy yet .
the strange thing was , he was thrown up like once again to try those years he frequently worked of menial jobs , wanted to see people on the street , how to treat his misfortune , sympathetic or reviled ?
whistling was a new thing for me , so i tried to copy him , but i could n't .
the only thing i missed out on was being without you for the whole year , possibly longer , she says .
the only thing positive about it was that mabo was unaware of the death of the pilot and small 's coma .
one thing we have clearly learnt is no not threaten or antagonise him . ''
he noticed the same thing with the fruits and vegetables .
the thing is , we ve been back once .
for now , sleep is the only thing that matters .
that 's the thing about long journeys in hot weatherguards do n't like to sweat , and they do n't always wear armor head to foot .
nerves were n't the only thing haunting me as we stood by the finely carved altar in the ancient grove .
one thing that made damian an effective bouncer was his keen memory for bodies and faces .
when you do scheme , the most important thing you have to do is not to be lost in the train of thought .
if you want to be a gunslinger , the most important thing is not to be distracted .
its not an easy thing to understand .
the one thing she liked about crystal crier was his voice , and she was nt ashamed to admit it .
she had nt felt such a thing since before she remade herself into a more powerful being .
the best thing about the house was the fact that it did not need major restoration .
one thing about a town this size : it can be tough to keep a strict schedule .
the only thing that saved jeanette boudry , for she was part of the band , was her tongue .
the only thing i want is my memory , and since i ca nt have that , ill have to make do with what i ve got .
the only thing out of place was ethan .
and the murders of his parents were one thing .
his terrified memory was suddenly the only thing that she had to hold onto .
running away from home , food had been the last thing on her mind .
for one thing there was no street lamp and , for another , it had begun to rain hard .
` ` one thing i ' ve always admired about you is you 're a good listener . ''
` ` the thing what puzzles me is him being out there in the first place . ''
he really did look like a cartoon character - large ears , big feet , gray fur , and white gloves ; the only thing out - of - place being the maltese armband on its bicep .
the next thing he noticed was that it was near dawn with the sun about to smile into the darkness .
for one thing the light was coming from the wrong place , and the ground felt hard and its contours unfamiliar .
a good fight was one thing , but a death quite another .
for one thing , it was hard to speak without smiling , for a wide idiotic grin crept onto ones face , stretching the mouth from one side to the other .
people , other companies , knowing that you like to take pictures of your dog or of things you choose to share in email or on social media , is one thing i think anything that passes through cloud - based smart phones can wind up in the cloud and get data mined and profiled , oceanna said .
for one thing , this one had no paths .
the last thing he remembered was getting the second bottle of wine and listening to more of the bard .
the last thing he saw before slipping away was a young man who dropped to the ground and then walked toward him .
the first thing they noticed open was a four foot tall , white marble pedestal standing in the center of the room .
the one thing bart could do that really impressed chad was how well he threw darts .
the only thing he did know for certain was that he needed to leave before trouble came calling again .
the only thing he turned up was moldy old leaves and dirt .
not a dang thing .
since the magic user allar had no known surviving kin , kevik turned out to be the closest thing left , being his apprentice as he was .
in fact , the only thing that could be said for what would one day become the preeminent city of the realm , was that very few people knew of , or cared about , the place .
alone as he was in an unfamiliar place , the last thing he wanted to think about was fending off an attack of some kind .
the first thing he became aware of , was the circle of refracted light jaikus had seen shortly before being struck by the dart .
the last thing jaikus saw before his vision failed completely , were webs of binding appearing to encase the troll from the neck down .
the curious thing about it , there was no wind .
the only thing about him that drew ones attention was the manner in which he was dressed .
as it was his favourite food , a slab of cheese as big as the plate it sat upon was the first thing that caught jack 's eye .
no such thing as luck , uncle ira had often told him .
no such thing as luck , his mind informed him once again .
the only thing that moved were the shadows on the wall , ever - changing .
for him , the most striking thing about this underground passageway was that in small alcoves dug into the walls at regular intervals , large wooden chests had been placed , each with a formidable golden handle .
the sound of his mirth faded with every step he took along the corridor and the last thing tom heard was a faint voice , saying .
tom lost himself in a gentle sleep , a vision of the white wolf walking into the sea carrying jack in its arms , the last thing he remembered , the waters falling upon them , dreams claiming him as he glided on a celestial wind .
the hairs on the back of ethans neck continued to rise as she had yet to speak and as he worked at the very end cubicle meant one thing .
the only disheartening thing ethan felt was listening to the coroner explain how his body was captured by the front wheel , pulped , drug under before getting dislodged shortly after and all his identification in his wallet and cell was shredded instantly beyond repair from getting caught beneath as the truck decelerated .
one thing all the tapestries had in common were opposing sides of good and evil battling .
the only thing that has a bite is his words .
shade cast from a thick woodland canopy was the first thing they noticed as the pixie had transferred them into the heart of a dense forest .
the only thing that saved me was my illusions , but even then i was greatly wounded .
you on the other hand think of a great many things at the same time unless you do that intense focus thing you do and push all thoughts aside .
because it might be the last thing we did nt get to eat for a while !
sorry , bad humor seems to be my thing today .
the only thing amiss that he noticed was that ensign hot - body kept putting the flight schedules into her outbox instead of breckenridges office where it would stay locked up overnight .
the thing i am most impressed with about you is that you re a free thinker .
the only thing he saw was the terrain with the spanish moss hanging heavily from the trees .
the strange sensation was over in an instant , but the next thing dan could see , as he squinted to focus his vision , was the sight of a strange man leaning over him , gently tapping his cheeks with the back of his hand , to revive him from his slumber ; was it a dream ?
yeah , i m happy mum , and the one thing that makes me happiest , is that fact that you re happy too .
one thing that explosion did well was make a bunch of little pieces out of the big pieces .
the highest khz that their radio frequency finder ( rff ) will reach is approximately 1750 khz ; but one thing that s in our favor is their rffs will not have any other radios broadcasting in this vicinity that might compete with their rffs needles ability , to discern our direction .
mr panfold , there s someone outside waiting to come in , he said , taking from me the one thing i had , the element of surprise .
i do nt know , its not like there s one particular thing i do nt like about it , i just do nt like it in general , i said .
i laughed , that s the good thing about estate agency al , you get to go off and meet people .
the most surprising thing though was that i was beginning to look forward to tonight , it was only now that i realised how apprehensive i d been about it before .
the only thing i had on my side was the fact that no one at school knew about the paramedics apart from al .
the first thing that hit me was the sound , it was deafening .
the sound was the first thing to fade away ; but i kept on going until i could nt see the light either , staggering my way down that same path that had filled me with excitement on the way here .
the one thing i knew though was that it meant i d no longer have to spend every day of the week with my dad .
we all loved music ; music and ecstasy , it was the one thing we had in common , but you could hear how much he loved it in his soft voice .
quoting bible verses at people is one thing march 2002 .
walking in through the fire door , the first thing i noticed was the smell .
i only glimpsed it for a second but it was long enough to know it would be the next thing we listened to , it had the name mc skibadee printed on the front .
the first thing i recall is waking up in a hospital bed in the brightest of white rooms .
one thing you should know is to always be prepared to kick before you swing , charlie .
the one thing that seemed to stump me was how dna replicated until one day in college when it hit me out of the blue and i understood .
many of the cities and towns in the north lacked the one thing i lovedspace .
but the best thing about the place was that it had the softest beds that i have ever slept in in my entire life .
william james said the proper mental attitude at the time a task is begun is the one thing which determines success .
kid , is nt the most important thing to maintain the right mental attitude when you start a task ?
this is going well , tavos has the bulgy - eye thing going on .
chapter 61 one thing about amber , she s willing to completely , and without reservation , change her mind given the right circumstances .
for one thing , stephanie was careful while nora was careless .
it simply sailed towards their running figures on a large cushion of invisible air , just like a ghost would , and that was the scary thing .
a thick bush of unruly hair was the only thing about him with an ounce of gumption .
the only thing every last strand had in common was a complete commitment to chaos .
since guss barbershop was to hand , and until tadhgs arrival gus had been the nearest thing to a physician , it was a common favor .
absence being the only thing to hand , he asked after gideon 's belongings .
it did nt hurt for one thing .
it was getting to where the only thing gideon had left were memories and a promise to a bunch of men long past holding him accountable .
that was the thing about lawmen , they acted like everything and everyone was somehow some business of theirs .
the thing about a deed is that its a binding contract with an established governmental authority which we do nt exactly have out here .
if he could be accused of anything , the very last thing on the list would be following orders , anyones .
the real challenge , though , the thing that made the entire notion an uphill battle , was gideon had no intention of letting aspen succeed .
the thing about gambling , though , its really about reading people and there s always more than one way to play your hand .
the thing about washing was , if you went at it like they did , you d never stop .
well , first things first and the first thing matt needed was a clearer picture of how the cards lay .
the view did not change , but that was nt the only thing not shifting .
the thing about cells , the interesting thing , was that where they were designed to keep some things in , they also very effectively kept other things out .
the thing about cells , the interesting thing , was that where they were designed to keep some things in , they also very effectively kept other things out .
the only thing tinging gideons features was confusion , in some quantity .
for one thing , i grew up with brothers .
in fact the only thing he gave his children was the prestige of his name in the shadow of power .
the only thing to mar this perfect composition was a large birthmark that surrounded her left eye and a bit of her cheeks .
the only thing that bothered him was that they were separated from the rest of his group .
she did not understand how taking and giving pleasure was so restricted and tied to this thing they called ... love .
too much freedom was a heady thing , not always convenient or for that matter , not all that comfortable .
the first thing he noted was the fresh smell , free of the stench they had just left behind .
the thing about fear was that it closed the mind , he noted , then he kicked himself for losing his concentration .
i hope that this union will prove to be successful for everyone , the taller , featureless , also - cloaked man introduces , his voice being the calmest thing for miles .
as strange a person as imrm is , there s a part to him that dto wants to please , a rare thing in the heart of a man that respects few others .
he pulls out of the fountain completely and displays his burning muscles , fists and also that other thing which some men might be proud of for some reason .
living at melissa 's was the closest thing to having my own apartment without signing my own lease .
that one thing he did nt want to let go .
healthy curiosity was one thing ; rushing up to the unknown , quite another .
the only thing keeping her from falling into this bottomless hole was his arm around her and the only thing keeping him from falling was his back and one hand braced on slick crumbling walls and judging by the tremors of his body , that was n't going to last .
the only thing keeping her from falling into this bottomless hole was his arm around her and the only thing keeping him from falling was his back and one hand braced on slick crumbling walls and judging by the tremors of his body , that was n't going to last .
but mr . guerra and the sky had one thing in common .
speed would now be the only thing that could save her .
after fucking a girl has this cuddle thing going .
the best thing about him were his chocolate brown eyes ; they always gleamed with care and concern .
the only thing kuroi cares about is being badass which means he 's a guy who just wants to fight and brawl all the time .
he was confident just in one thing : if you were fleeing your destiny , you would not feel happy but just anxious because you failed to use and buried your talent .
the most important thing is to feel the time when it weakens to get out and proceed to your goal .
the most important thing is not to think too much and say whatever comes to your mind first and needs to be expressed .
i can not grip what you mean , but i feel not quite the thing , the soldier looked at the stranger frowningly with caution .
the only thing is that they do not understand that everything will start with them .
the only thing missing was a roaring fire .
one thing he 's not is dumb .
the last thing she needed when she was trying to keep tight control was sympathy and concern .
the only thing noticeable about him , at least here , was his accent .
the only thing she knew was the drug .
the first thing he learned , was that when the captain said thirty steps and switch it actually meant they had to run for sixty consecutive steps .
the second thing he learned , was that no one ever complained when they were tired .
kid , there s only one thing samehrians enjoy more than a god several gods .
i am killing my dreams in this cubicle caffeine is the only thing that gives me energy anymore , although i wanted to drink this coffee on the plantations in ghana soon , jacob , i will leave this job and all the files behind , and buy myself a camera and a tent .
occasionally , his boss would hit a few keys of the keyboard , and that was the only thing that broke the silence .
one thing that was cool about her was that she had grown up in a weird family out on a farm and this gave her a weirdness that was enduring , charming , wholly unique , simple and different , and fun .
she was the only thing that was different between the old and new me , the moment it all switched .
besides brooke , i was the closest thing , and probably the only thing , he had to a reasonably - good influence , for what that was worth .
the thing i like most about glacier , guys , it that it has almost all its original native plant and animal species that it had when early europeans explored i it hundreds of years ago .
one thing i was sure about , though , was that larry was a confirmed and fervent racist , and he was getting worse .
the thing about you will , is that you are a dichotomy to me .
the thing about you is that i always feel like i can tell you anything like what i just said about fucking you .
and family is the one thing missing .
one thing i had noticed about the blackfoot was their habitual silence , their comfortableness with being quiet and not speaking .
to choose a tree in the middle of a forest is one thing , but later to find it is quite another , he recited the clan saying to himself .
for one thing , the wood was different , of a grain he did not recognize , it had a much thicker middle and was more tapered at the ends .
for one thing , she carried weapons about openly and walked like a man , not at all deferring to the males as good breeding and manners required a woman to do .
that was another thing people did not understand about her , how sounds bothered her .
that was one thing ken had , it was a sense of timing , like he was right in lockstep with destiny .
that thing you think of as pride is gon na get you killed someday .
muldor would always give castellan credit for one thing : he paid for the best and got it .
we were easy to anger and the only thing we understood more than eating was fighting .
seeing her fair face in my mind was the only thing that kept me going through all the hardships and struggles .
however , there was one thing we both shared in common and that was to win daphnes affection .
this would make things easier then , it was definitely another thing i liked about her , her mind .
was booze really the only thing he cared about ?
she was nt the type of girl who would drown in her sorrows or ever let her troubles get in her way which was one thing i also liked about her .
was booze the only thing he cared about ?
if there was one thing i did nt like about her , it had to be her imperfect timing .
the last thing i wanted was to have my split personality come back and take over .
the last thing i wanted was to get into a fight with him .
the black robed uniforms were the only thing similar on each of them .
the only thing working to my advantage was that when katarina was about to attack , the air would get cold around me .
both cale and marta enter a state of shock as a profound silence ensues , the hungry waves of fire enveloping them while their own panicked breaths become the only thing their ears can perceive .
for one thing , i was n't used to the slow pace and lack of urgency in general .
she was right about one thing : the buffet looked rather inviting .
the only thing i painfully missed was claire .
hope was the only thing that had kept us going all this time .
it is the eeriest thing , feeling a dead corpse and then seeing it spit water , while growling like a bear , she laughs with the males .
obviously betsy knew something he did n't , but the main thing was , he knew where she was going to be .
the only thing i can remember as i lay on my bed on the open veranda was coming out of the fog for a short while and seeing one of our neighbours staring down at me .
one of the exciting thing about life is we ca nt really bank on what s ahead and it could be a very exciting beautiful life .
georgio felt very alone and frightened and the only thing that gave him comfort was that eventually his mother would come back for him .
the one thing that gave him confidence was that he knew the way to her flat and to the restaurant they were going to .
clothes , for one thing .
joey , that s the creepy thing .
no , just the gifts and the creepy thing about the emails .
` ` there s no such thing as a perfect plan .
the thing with elodie was , she listened , without any of julies judgement , manipulation and nagging .
that , he had to admit , was a nice thing about living alone , there was always enough hot water in the boiler .
the only thing that came to mind was alicia , who he went out with in 5th year ...
one thing we can certainly not afford now is for you to fall into their hands .
one thing she could definitely not afford at this moment was unnecessary risk or complacency .
the only thing he had left were his damp , black brogues .
i mean , i ve read all about it since i was a kid , but to actually be aboard it is another thing entirely , krystal finished for him .
but he knew sleep would be the last thing on his mind .
* * * * * chapter 25 when the admiral regained consciousness , the first thing he noticed was pain , a pain that coursed and tingled throughout his body and made his hair stand on end .
the only thing i do nt like is that your father is helpless , and the last thing he needs is for you to be a brat , so just go along with it .
the last thing rina saw was baumans wide fist heading for her face .
the one thing lukas knew was not to trust an anonymous tip that came the day after another hit .
some in suits , some in work overalls , but they all had one thing in common , they all had guns at hand .
describe him he was large , built like one of your assistants , but he had this thing i do nt know how to describe it like there was more to him than just being a man it made my skin prickle like being to close to the high voltage box in the basement if you know what i mean .
part 3 : new face , face off the thing about winning a battle is not the attack itself , but waiting for the right moment to attack .
the one thing he loved about working on the shuttle was that he got to stand on the top of the maintenance scaffolding and breathe in the clear air .
it seemed to brian that all of the old generation had themit was the only thing he actually envied them for .
her smelled of unwashed masturbation , and it was the one thing that kept some part of brian ill at ease .
the one thing he did hate was how she pressed him to learn more about himself .
it was shallow , yet there was some weird thing about how he did it ,   said eliza easily to roland who just smiled , so smitten & he leaned over as she was talking and planted a sweet kiss on her cheek and held her hand softly and with awe &  i love your fingers , theyre so different !
the most interesting thing eliza noticed was her mothers thick brooklyn accent , and then the woman would sing and sound totally different , so styled and classically trained , not a note off , not a ny accent out of place !
another thing eliza loved about her mother was how every now and then she would do a magic trick at the dinner table , which was fun and light hearted .
but one thing eliza loved were the huge parties her parents threw .
the only thing running against glinda that first summer at sunningdale was the fact that the  it   girl was potty trained by vera the terror , the housekeeper elizas parents had hired and who wielded some stiff punishments on glinda .
and the first thing eliza noticed was that none of her friends or even family walked with her when she hooked up with marla .
one thing about the osbergs , they did listen when the dust cleared and eliza had the floor at the moment and made her case excellently , so much so that mr . osberg was proud of her and realized she was a special little girl , although a bit hyper , yes , but special and sensitive all the same !
one thing about victor osberg is that he never hit or reprimanded his kids unless it was for a good reason !
in the end , after careful consideration , they decided not to change elizas fingers , and so now the tomboy would just have to live with what she had , two knuckles on each of her fingers , not the customary 3 as everyone else had , except roy who had the strange hand thing too inherited from lena !
his ability to poke fun at himself was the only thing that made his bouts of manic self - absorption bearable , and sometimes even admirable .
the only thing they d left behind , now the only thing that remained .
the only thing they d left behind , now the only thing that remained .
if gisbo had one thing going for him , it was his tolerance for pain .
it only enhanced what was already there and this rage was the only thing allowing him to stand toe to toe against the experience thomson had .
his gigantic arm was the only thing that kept him standing .
the funny thing is , both of you have gone your entire lives thinking that you were alone when unbeknownst to you , just around the corner , there was someone going through the exact same ordeal .
the first thing he noticed was that the entire village was covered in trees he had never even seen before .
all these differences come down to one thing : rank .
the first thing they saw when they entered were three comfortable beds set up in a strange configuration like a three - way bunk bed in a v shape .
well , its a she for one thing .
it is the one thing i want for you , gisbo , more than anything .
you have incurred my wrath for one thing , though , and that s squealing .
first thing i thought of , as i was telling gisbo earlier , was that there was no way we were going to get past an area filled with people who knew elekai .
its the same thing shax and lokin used to escape during purahs funeral !
` ` that is the nice thing about mooks , '' adam said , ` ` they work until the end of time for you . ''
it was a wondrous thing for him , something most people do not ever get to experience , walking down the halls of one of the greatest museums in the world with nary a soul to get in the way .
the oddest thing about the thing was the two figures sitting at the makeshift table at the edge of the edifice .
one thing that was odd was a blank area with rank written next to it .
the first thing he saw was the people in his group .
desires continually change , so i trace myself further to the unchangeable- the only thing that is always here in every circumstance , whether dreaming or awake .
the only thing keeping me attached to this dream state is my curiosity to witness the end first hand .
the only thing that stopped him from depopulating all of mongolia was the threat of winter .
the only thing that kept genghis from losing his mind that long lonely night was the prospect of his division catching this bastard .
the last thing tamerlane saw was the red baron laughing as he breathed his last tortured breath .
behind the fires lighting up the night sky , the last thing billy saw before closing his eyes were his blasts engulfing the commander as if struck by the sun itself .
funny thing about a crowd .
so far visiting this house was the only thing any of the vics had in common .
` ` get him on the bed for one thing . ''
the last thing he wanted was for her to pull further away from him .
the only thing he cared about was that it was fast and was getting him to his brother .
that was the first thing i noticed about orke when we took the packet he was on , so many years back .
' t was then i noticed the second thing about orke .
the thing is ' though , lassas you know'tis at such times that i makes the effort to contact your kin . ''
the only thing to suggest this cage was an elevator was the small lever mounted inside it .
nothing stood out to me ; the only thing unusual down there was the grate that i had added .
she was barely visible in the dark waters : the only thing illuminating her was the weak light from the moon and the warm glow of the lamps on deck .
the first thing he noticed before he could respond to his caller was the air : it was thick , dank , heavy , hard to breathe and smelling of soil .
his face erupted into a big , wide grin and he felt the nearest thing to joy that a pirate can feel .
the first thing jeremy registered in the aftermath of firing his sock cannon was nt the extreme recoil .
i felt several bullets tear the flesh of my shoulders and arms , but i still press onadrenaline is a beautiful thing .
i ask half - heartedly ; it was the only thing i could think of eating right now .
i put a cheque for half the money in an envelope addressed to mairi and enclosed a letter : dear m : i ask you to give me something not much one thing only one thing a chance to complete this cycle with style with love not of the physical kind but the love that exists between two friends who ' ve got through that into another space where friendship counts a certain unity a shared dream you can be queen at the party and i the erstwhile king i ' m afraid to write this - like sound like a beggar but you see it seems to be very important to me how one does a thing - you are my lady and i your man of this cycle this epoch where we have reigned in our lives the idea of kingship comes in this way .
for jain there was no such thing as privacy .
the place was boring , nothing but gray walls and gray floors and gray counters - the only thing breaking the monotony was a tiny faded christmas tree in a corner with six or seven ornaments hanging from the sparse branches .
they were the coolest things tick had ever seen , but there was one thing about them that seemed a little odd .
the only thing out of place was the other end of the metal tube which stuck out of the wall to his left .
for one thing , her efforts to build a new barrier wand had hit a major snag .
beyond that , he could n't find one positive thing about it .
` ` i , uh , well , ya see , the thing is ... '' he scratched his beard .
the metal is the last thing we need to reconstruct the wand . ''
the only thing staying her hand from unleashing her powers was curiosity .
the world seemed bleak and grim - the only thing that gave him reprieve was trying to figure out the mystery of the crazy people .
the first thing sato felt was frigid air , gusting in short bursts of wind that bit through his clothes , pricking his skin like dagger points .
` ` you 'll be the only thing we care about until we 're back together , '' sofia blurted out .
the only thing that kept her from weeping was the promise of even more pain .
every single thing he said or did pointed to one thing for him - power .
power is a ... powerful thing .
they walked along a stream , the rushing water sparkling and glinting in the sunlight , the sound not doing a thing to help soothe lisa 's nerves .
the first thing he noticed was that his back was rising and falling , ever so slightly .
and then there 's the final thing i know all too well about him : his arrogance .
and the most amazing thing about it was that the complex had been built entirely underground .
we all have one thing in common , and that is we love our homes .
the only thing heavier than that was my guilt .
i have seen many like him in my days , and they all had one thing in common .
for one thing , their responses and movements seemed independent .
for one thing , there s a very generous compensation package .
the only good thing about it not being a one way transition like everybody warned me ?
mental anguish was one thing a soul could never escape .
the flesh and blood for one thing .
the lamp stayed on all night ; jessie kept waking in a panic and the feeble glow cast by the cheery 50s kitsch was the only thing that kept her from screaming .
the old mans presence nearby validated this place as holy ; he was the closest thing the townspeople had to a religious person .
that was the most important thing , to appear like you were in control of yourself , and everything around you .
we would nt go through the whole courtship ritual thing , though , because i stopped a moment .
is that not the strangest thing ?
the past day had taught her one thing about jackson : he was beyond determined .
the last thing she heard was jackson calling her name .
the last thing she heard was a curt go and get the major .
the zeneethians had been one thing , the ashkans were worse .
the funny thing about the whole thing was , ranma had no idea i was a girl .
sparring was one thing , a true fight was another .
one thing that zombie wars online was fond of was letting you watch your own death , in sick detail , every single time .
if there was one thing that liv was n't good at , it was firing under pressure .
aside from hunting , the only thing that entertained me was the thought that constantly ran through my mind of how to get closer to deblin .
one thing i do know is that government funding has been drastically cut on the research side .
your nipples will be the last bloody thing you 'll ever taste .
the only thing she did n't like about him was his eyes .
if it 's not one thing ... said jules , pointing in the air towards her seat mate .
the last thing lo felt before he dropped the necklace onto the settee was a certain type of fear he 'd felt many times before when touching certain people or their intimate possessions .
the first thing echo noticed as they climbed closer to the mountain peak was the drop in temperature .
the wind was nt the only thing she could nt hear .
it seemed a morbid thing , the quiet , the gawking at the lifeless body before us .
the only thing that brought you to this was your need for power .
the first thing i noticed when i walked in was a window at the other side .
the quiet february night was cold and blustery , and the whiskey he d consumed in the tavern was the only thing keeping him warm .
you know , you kind of have a james dean thing going on .
that was the great thing about mercenaries ; they were loyal to no one but themselves and were a perfect fit for the coup he was planning .
the last thing tagan remembered before blacking out was seeing lozan slumped down on the other side of the tome after the struggle with the entity .
they were the closest thing to family that he would ever have .
first thing he spotted was the citadel , white and glittering in the late afternoon sun .
stonjsins fingernails were the only thing keeping him from falling to the ground and find out first hand .
helen was the closest thing to a mother i ve known .
i groaned as i grabbed the garbage can and cleared them using my book , the last thing i wanted was my hand smelling of garlic for the rest of the day .
item two : congratulations on your impending freedom , although in hindsight , this is about the last thing you 'll need .
` ` and the thing that i noticed , the thing that kinda bothered me - he seemed sad , down - deep sad . ''
` ` and the thing that i noticed , the thing that kinda bothered me - he seemed sad , down - deep sad . ''
` ` kate , the only thing i have going for me is common sense .
he then thought that , with his knowledge and that ' gift ' thing , maybe he could make the other crowd leave he and kate alone by threatening to tell stories and show off his ' gift ' .
one thing jane did have in common with kate was her blush .
and the love between brody and kate was a near - tangible thing .
trouble is one thing , but doom is its far more powerful cousin .
i was ready to grant this car one thing : it had a fantastic vantage .
but i gave him credit for one thing ; he sure was brave .
it was one thing being the witch in this relationship , it was another being the lesser magical creature .
stop the car , i dropped my voice low , warning him with the only thing i had left .
the only thing that had changed was the sense it gave me .
the last thing i saw was the angle of his jaw and the glint of his eyes .
but one thing i did know was that i was a witch .
those soothing words would be the last thing she heard that night .
if there s one thing learned from infancy on , it would be that lifes not fair .
one remarkable thing about greg that had helped him become a successful lawyer and an even better district attorney was that he never forgot a name or a face .
so why is my chest the only thing that s bruised ?
matt laughed a lot , which was the best thing about him .
talking about shooting some psycho and actually looking down the sights at him when you pull the trigger is another thing all together .
ryan paused for effect , the main thing you got to remember is , keep your feet and knees together .
the first thing they noticed before even looking at the tower , was the tan shirt across the road , sitting under a big sun umbrella , looking out across the bridge .
but grimey noticed another thing missing when the horses shifted their feet .
the next thing grimey was aware of was being on a white sandy beach .
hearing the word in a dream is one thing but hearing it spoken by a beast thought to be extinct is an entirely different matter .
it 's the one thing which makes the difference between a nice long ripper ride or a quick wipeout .
the thing that terrifies me most is the prospect of making a complete fool of myself .
thal also uncomfortably realized that the man with the beast within must sense the same thing about him .
the best thing about the message was that she could use it to distract martin .
although he had dark hair and bright blue eyes , it was the only thing humanly recognizable .
when she had first received it , she had torn off the too - tight sleeves , and that was the only thing that kept her broad shoulders from bursting the seams .
dismayed , he brought his glance to the veil and tried to assemble the shadows there into the semblance he remembered from the previous day , but the only thing that shown clearly through the veil were tethinas striking blue eyes .
` ` understanding the laws as they apply to the order is one thing , but understanding them as they apply to yourself and your wife is another .
the last thing he remembered as the void claimed him was the burning heat of a raging fire .
his injured knee was the only thing that appeared to have gotten worse .
the only thing he knew for sure was that not only were the bite and cuts healed but so were his swollen knee , burns , headache , sore muscles , and every other cut , scratch , and bruise he had received .
the only thing that unified them was how universally terrifying they were .
he was past the point of fear , and that was the only thing that saved him .
after the drills , they were planning to spend the remainder of the evening carousing around the city like the soldiers they used to be rather than the bureaucrats they had become such camaraderie was the only thing that made the seasonal briefings tolerable .
the only thing that kept him from accepting that release was the desperate need for revenge , the need to see arin and his bloodthirsty band suffer the same fate as the people of gurney bluff .
another thing that was odd about belab was the strange language he used .
the only thing that kept him from doing just that was the fear that he would end up embracing the spear instead .
it was the only thing she knew , the only thing she loved .
it was the only thing she knew , the only thing she loved .
the only thing that kept her from drinking those pools was dasens likely reaction .
ipid wanted to yell to the recruits to run the only thing that their efforts would add was to the length of the death toll .
you have to believe me when i tell you that my hate for them is the only thing that allows me to rise each morning and the only thing that i dream of when i sleep at night .
it made the torture all the worse knowing that when it ended he would be even farther from the only thing he still wanted , his own death .
the lovely room , the bed , the breakfast all faded until the only thing remaining was the sound of horns in what now seemed the distance .
the one thing he knew for certain about his new ability was that it was generated by the battle around him .
the wonderful thing about that approach was that all light - wizards were obliged to report observed activity of a blood - wizard , but none of them would report him because they were ashamed of having given in to him .
ah , the nice thing about dreams was that there need be no explanations ) and there were two more girls who had also forgotten key articles of clothing .
` ` the thing is that most stories only focus on some types of fairy - kind .
that is one thing the raven - eater has not yet taken away .
the only thing keeping her going was her parents support .
he is the only thing stirring in the quiet night .
that is the thing about this whole mess .
now the first thing you will need is an energybook .
` ` yet another thing you 'll know when you 're ready . ''
physical materialization took power and that was one thing they did n't have much access to .
it is the only thing one can see when looking at them .
and that last thing i want is for you but , i do not say it aloud .
the first thing i notice is the stars .
if only here , if only now , the last thing i want to do is resist him .
after all those years of living in solitude and under false identity ; obeying orders was a thing she was not used to .
one thing i have learnt from our stay here is when an opportunity for love arises no matter the situation and conditions grasp it with your life .
campion scoffed at these words , gloating was the last thing on his mind .
her trust was one thing he could not afford to lose .
his love for her was the only thing that had kept him human , that made his heart pound .
the first thing josephine took note of was the smell .
there was more than one strange thing about the man .
the heat and flame was a familiar thing to it , and it enjoyed the caress that they offered .
the last thing we will want to travel upon is a slope covered with ice .
the claw was odd and drew my attention , but it was by no means the only noticeable thing about eurytos .
` ` and one other thing ... . '' mortals ... she muttered .
for one thing , each one was pretty much identical to all the others .
the only thing keeping us riding the edge of this whirlpool is that somehow -- by the luck of heaven -- our weight is neither too much nor too little .
someday i d have to face the facts , but that was the good thing about somedayit was nt today .
one thing i d learned about him : he was nt fond of my vocabulary .
the only thing about him that looked less than coiffed was his hair .
one thing shed learned fast was that the moment a man sees you as just another toy is the moment your life truly is held in the balance .
though one thing she knew was that dawn was not too far off as amidst the chaos of the shattered room , jaral lay atop a broken divan that they d busted , not during the fight , but during their fucking .
the one thing , and probably the only thing , she did like about her aunt was how she always found ways to celebrate life , or specifically , her own life .
the one thing , and probably the only thing , she did like about her aunt was how she always found ways to celebrate life , or specifically , her own life .
8 wolves the first thing ailia noticed when she woke up was the eerie , hollow sound of the wind .
if the last thing you remember was your birthday on winter solstice , you ve been gone for about four months , soren said .
that hope was the only thing that had kept her alive since eiess had imprisoned her .
one thing i do nt understand is where eiess gets all her powers from .
life on the farm had not been easy , but one thing uncle brander and aunt unni had taught her , something she was truly grateful for , was to value work .
but the only thing he wanted in all this painful world was the strong arms of his father .
but the name germelshausen would be forever tainted with the curse of heresy and anonymity had been the only thing keeping him safe .
this was the closest thing to home he d known for a long time .
she was a poor orphan and he had taken the only thing she had , her innocence .
but the most frustrating thing about all of my weight gain ?
that was one thing about working on a shakespeare playthe casts were hugely weighted toward males .
i felt the weight of two dozen stares like a physical thing .
the real pain had lasted for the rest of the school year , when he never said another word to her , no matter how many times he saw her at her locker , first thing , every single morning .
` ` i mean that mrs . swenson called me at the office this morning , first thing . ''
the only thing that mattered was that we were doing something new .
for one thing , he did n't play scrabble .
the first thing i thought of was the fight scenes .
that was the thing about stage management , thoughabout all of our jobs in the theater .
his family was still in saskatchewan and howie was the closest thing to family he had out here in toronto .
maybe it was a sign , not that he really believed in signs , but maybe there really was such a thing as fate .
the one thing she could see that they had in common was the amount of make - up they wore , especially dianna .
the only thing he knew was that he did nt want to raise a baby on a ship .
it invigorated him , the feel of the wind , the mist of saltwater in his face and the smell of the sea ; but the thing he loved more than any of those was the feeling of freedom each and every time he took the helm .
for one thing , he was a terrible liar and she could catch him each and every time .
one thing that did stand out above all else were the dates .
his face turned solemn when he spoke , you liked a lot o things , but the one thing ye hated was the sea .
for one thing they would have heard his boat if he d come in after them .
she could smell his rotted breath each time he spoke and the revulsion was nt the only thing she fought to keep down .
the last thing she saw was the gun in jeffs hand as it sailed towards her and the last thing she felt was the sharp pain as the butt of the gun connected to her jaw .
the last thing she saw was the gun in jeffs hand as it sailed towards her and the last thing she felt was the sharp pain as the butt of the gun connected to her jaw .
for one thing , i was worried about what was going to happen .
he felt the same thing i did when we touched !
the coolest thing about being with cruz is we could totally have a conversation and no one else could hear when we conversed telepathically , which we did on the way home .
the only thing that could make this day more perfect would be to have my father here .
the thing is , when you experience high amounts of adrenaline is when your abilities will break through .
dance was the one thing alex did like .
she was not feeling right , and it was not just one thing but several .
it was the one thing that held me together . ''
` ` let 's test this immortality thing . ''
one other thing about the picture struck alex .
another thing about the name cantacuzene came to mind .
plus , i seem to have a difficult - to - make - dead thing going for me .
the only thing i really need is my cross .
if they chose to fight near the walls they d be overcome through sheer force of numbers but if they chose to fight their way through the surrounding force they d be giving up the one thing mother nature relied upon to wield power ; castle nirvana .
it was another thing he liked about savage ; the man admitted to not knowing everything .
tough guys all had one thing in common ; they thought they were tougher than all others .
there were men of every age , every race and all had one thing in common ; they were perfectly willing to give their money away for what the man in red was selling .
if he could do one thing in life it would be to bring her back .
the only thing keeping the multitude of monsters under his control was the power he held inside .
the only thing which really rankled him , the one thing which really caused him misery , was his lost ability to eat the tiny little creature which was berating him as he fell into the dark void of the pit behind him .
the only thing which really rankled him , the one thing which really caused him misery , was his lost ability to eat the tiny little creature which was berating him as he fell into the dark void of the pit behind him .
one thing that wells enjoyed about working off world was that the space agency had banned all ballistic weapons on spacecrafts quite early on into the industrial fleet movement .
in the stony pass solace was a thing unknown ; the mountain walls themselves menaced the fragile little settlement , seeming forever on the brink of falling and crushing the life out of it .
the only thing we have in common with vampires is that we definitely need blood to survive .
no not at all you re just the only thing i have thought about since the day at the coffee shop .
the only thing i could think about was seeing phil .
i woke up the following morning , and rani was the first thing that i thought of ; i was so eager to see her again .
the only thing he could see of the other - worldly creature was the glowing red eyes that penetrated that cold , lightless space .
technically , he was nt a vampire - he was nt dead , for one thing .
you know , one thing that puzzles me is that nazis spend half their time nail - bombing ethnic minorities and the other half denying the holocaust ever happened .
what had most disgusted the searchers of arkham was the thing they noticed when the monsters face was cleanedthe mocking , unbelievable resemblance to a learned and self - sacrificing martyr who had been entombed but three days beforethe late dr . allan halsey , public benefactor and dean of the medical school of miskatonic university .
acting as her mentor was perhaps the only thing that kept him from sinking completely into his composing .
the one good thing about the man was that he knew jaidyn was cheyne reborn and kept helping him fill those holes in cheyne 's memories .
if there was one thing that was a positive to the cancer , it was that when cassidy slept , she truly slept .
one of the things he liked about this place was that for a fast food joint , they still brought the food to you .
one thing she could understand was the anger beginning to boil up in her .
the only thing i can remember is them talking about how saltwater was bad for them , but they needed it for whatever they were going to do .
one more thing about her that made her unique .
every breath , every action , pleasure , sorrow , and thought is but a passing thing , and nothing we can claim as our own , save to use each moment for our masters glory , thereby it truly will last forever .
another thing corrine liked about smith was that he never argued when she insulted him .
the last thing they needed was to be caught in a soaking frigid rain .
the last thing i want is to it hurt you .
ocean is the only thing that is between sakuratta and rosetta .
one good thing about being this way is that everyone avoids being near you , like they re worried they ll catch my trouble .
yes , that s the funny thing is nt it ?
the only thing that made the environment here seem unnatural , and a touch creepy , was the lack of people .
images drifted slowly through my mind , memories that preceded my place of calm and made up the childhood of which i was so fond warm summer days spent by the swimming pool , the smell of steaks and sausage cooking on the open fire trips to the drive - in under a clear sky , watching movies that were not as important as the actual time spent with loving parents lying under the table when gran visited , satisfied from the evening of incredible food and shared laughter how could i have forgotten these things ?
unfortunately his beard was the only thing that looked healthy ; the rest of him looked like shit .
the first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was hag head sitting at the end of the table watching him .
i mean , jacob got the holy nuke thing , but sometimes - i guess some kids just do n't know how to react to smoking - blaze eyes and lucid - flame force fields .
one thing ruien knew best was how to treat someone .
the same thing goes for azarban .
respect is a real thing , and those who invade your space i will invade theirs .
the ichor was not the only thing that smelled .
if there was one thing devis always had , it was a backup plan .
needless to say , the last thing i need right now is to be behind the wheel .
it was a strange thing , seeing the whole world stretched out onto canvas , laid bare .
the thing that struck him most was the fact that everyone he saw seemed so young .
cause the only thing that 's keepin ' me from killin ' you is the prospect of more money , ya see ?
it was the only thing that kept him from madness .
as he wiped his mouth with the napkin , the food arrived , and he ate his noodles , the only thing he could afford .
the immeasurable crisp silence tormented his exceptional hearing , clinging to the only audible thing he could find , the frantic vibrating of his own beating heart .
the last thing he remembered seeing was a ghostly bright white light reaching out to him , as he felt his body flushing downward , temporarily depriving his senses of sight , sound , and air to breathe .
the only thing missing in this town were the people , as darkened shadows lingered everywhere , in front of a store , next to a car , sitting on the edge of the concrete , all in humanly poses , however those wraithlike images were scorched into the surface , marring the last place they had been , a phantasm of a life stolen by the hands of death .
his vision erratically moving from face to face , halting on the plaque beneath the stone foot , strangely certain it would be last thing he would ever see .
the otherworldly glow from uwees body was the only thing lighting their way .
trusting you with the one thing dearest to her that day , her soul .
the sign came terrifyingly close , as he barely made it out of the way , with the grate of his backside the only thing worse for wear .
as he breathlessly watched the blood on hadges skin , and continued to question , what s going on with the blood thing ?
it is always a great thing to be at a journeys end and to look forward to a crowded council house and a warm bed afterwards .
the first thing he saw was a seething mass of men and women , all naked except for loin clothes .
it is my age , you see : one thing that time can not cure .
only one thing do i know : i no longer fear death .
the last thing gladstone wanted to experience was a creative death at the hands of the mad god .
to have sprites visiting was a strange thing .
the last thing he wanted right now was another mystery to solve .
sitting inside the berghof , drinking scotch from stubby crystal tumblers , the last thing either adolf hitler or josef mengele had been expecting was the shimmering distortion that rippled the air before the far wall like the disturbed surface of a pond .
he d wanted to see more of the world than just the indian subcontinent , for one thing .
one thing macconnach did enjoy about this part of the world , as he had with cairo , was the ever - abundant presence of fresh fruit .
power was truly a subtle thing .
this limitation was the very thing that had resulted in the death of someone close to him , so many years past .
you know , its the oddest thing .
it was nt the only thing .
actually , there was one other thing she liked about school learning about medieval knights .
it was high , that was the thing .
the least funny thing about the place was that strake was inside , which was no laughing matter .
that s the only thing i still have .
the thing that was unfair here was the feeling he was left with the vague sense that she had penetrated his very mind .
the only thing about the room that was wrong was the closet .
one thing he did know : he would not let go !
his forward motion was the only thing that had prevented him from foundering .
for those disdaining mental suicide , the only thing that pulled us through was pride .
one thing that gave her the greatest pleasure , as well as satisfaction in carrying out her witchly duties , was reaching her living communicants during those moments of just falling asleep , or early awakening .
one thing they knew was that if pietro fixed something it would never break again .
the first thing merlin noticed was why the ward was down .
the second thing merlin noticed was the books .
the first thing he noticed was that the closer he got , the more his sun crystal dimmed .
gunter , the one thing about a plan is that it needs to be readily changed as you go .
the slender tree was one he d never seen before , but all trees had one thing in common .
the last thing i need is for these two to baby me .
ilsies the closest thing i ve had to a mother and i ve heard far too many people speak horribly about her .
the only thing he knew for certain was that the poor girl was probably terrified , wherever she was .
one thing katin had learned was that most nobles soaked up praise like sponges soak water .
magic powers were one thing i did noti didonly he did !
the only thing that kept me functioning like a regular human being was a grim satisfaction that at least i did nt work in customer service .
personally , i did nt have a death wish , but as i watched sonya glare around at each of us in turn , and noted dawsons mien of displeasure , my brain did that thing that usually meant i was about to make a decision i would immediately regret .
for one thing , i could nt dress as casually as i normally did when heading in to work .
i felt as if i were a lesser mortal tramping in the wake of a king , and the only thing that made that particular pill easy to swallow was that marcus clearly noticed it too .
if there s one thing i understand , it was the need to cause mischief , and i d been on my best behavior for far too long .
the only thing that made me feel better about this was that gabriel was the one standing beside me .
making a joke and being funny are two entirely different things , sweet pea .
asrai the lightbringer chapter sixteen the great thing about bobs burgers was that none of the staff judged you .
for one thing , the room was nearly full to bursting with weres .
the only thing still untouched was my eyes .
for one thing , the specter that had been stalking me seemed to have disappeared .
that was nt the only thing that was different .
there was no way to avoid the feeling that those eyes knew every single thing about me .
the last thing i heard as i hurried out was jessica trying to stake a claim on me .
for one thing , despite working with others the bsb never gave any sort of weapon to their employees .
in all this confusion and in my fear and disorientation my friend was the only thing that felt real .
i do nt , she began , have you ever heard stories of haunted houses , and the one thing all the reports have in common is that everyone feels real uneasy ?
the last thing he took out was a net .
they have only agreed on one thing ; you are definitely a mystical creature of some kind .
one thing i know for sure , is that a blood spell is one of the most strongest spells to be made .
the last thing she wanted was to get cornered at an abandoned factory by him .
that was one thing in her life that she was genuinely grateful for .
the only thing that set them apart was an incongruous flash of colour here and there .
for beth , being alone in the room without ellie was the worst thing of all .
the most frustrating thing of all was that she wanted to better understand rebecca and what had really happened as she literally built her township from the ground up , populating it and training its inhabitants .
` ` but loyalty is such a fickle thing . ''
but the most striking thing about it was that everything was blue .
it was a very odd thing whenever she momentarily forgot about her power and it felt good to rediscover it , the knowledge of what she was capable of lifting her spirits .
it was a thing he loved to do , visiting the bustling morning markets of each city he passed through - the many voices often mixed with laughter , the animals , and certainly the aroma of hot rolls and honey being cooked in the small ovens of nearly every market he had visited .
` ` if it pleases you , sire , for one thing i am not worthy to wear the kings uniform , and , further , well , your majesty , it really is .
the sleeveless , tawny - colored tunic left his arms free , a thing most important when using the slingshot .
the wonderful thing about that was how good it felt to know that i had not been abandoned by the lord god , for my careless deeds .
david was not sure whether to be angry or to laugh , but one thing he did know at that very moment , he very much liked the young man , nathan !
one thing he knew for sure was that the youth before him offered no danger to his person .
this truly is a strange thing ! ''
nathan was keenly aware of one certain thing .
if there was one thing that could never be questioned about the king , it was the fact that he loved his sons and daughters .
for one thing , all the seasoned generals were with david .
for one thing , he is one of the largest in size and body .
one thing i could say about my kala was that she never thought twice about defending me .
food sounded like the only sane thing right now .
the one thing i do know is that you re an evil woman and obviously did nt deserve our father .
that s the thing ... nobody is really sure who is doing it or why it keeps happening .
i was back in my turtleneck , coat and glovesthe only thing i was missing was a ridiculous hat to keep my head warm .
i think the last thing you want is me touching you .
because it does nt do a damned thing to make you feel better .
a wave of force came rushing toward us and the only thing that kept me on my feet was that i reached out and grabbed clarys arm as he turned to steel , anchoring me in place as the shockwave hit .
the thing you have to understand about gavrikov is that he thinks kat is a clone of his sister , i started .
you re the only thing that matters to him .
it was the first thing i d eaten since i made a stop outside gillette , wyoming a few hours after sundown .
ans logical mind started kicking in and he realised that the only other thing not quite making sense was chumps wounds .
the only thing lacking , an knew , was experience .
the only thing that changed was the zip code .
she lowered her gaze to her textbook and stared at it as if it were the last thing shed read .
his truck , with her banged - up bike in back , had been the only thing she found when shed rushed to the rear lot .
lily had been the closest thing to a best friend arianna had ever had .
the last thing you need to be doing is worrying about me .
lily andrews , a girl two years younger than her who had been the closest thing to a best friend shed ever had , had been the only person shed felt remotely at ease around .
the only thing he found in common with mr . claw was that the murders occurred every six months .
the only thing he felt was pain in his shoulder for having his arm extended much too long .
the only positive thing about continuing on course was the fact that he was going to spend time with cindy .
s'like a birthright , sort of thing .
' the only thing is , ' anyx continued , ' you ' ve failed to see the obvious flaw . '
and that was the thing that was worrying annabel ; that in resurrecting wacchus they could well be setting a very dangerous precedent .
[ 7 ] you know , omnipotence , omnipresence , that sort of thing ( he did , however , remain omnivorous for some reason vegetarianism just did n't appeal ) .
it felt sterile and she found that to be the worst thing of all .
this thing he felt for zoe , it was lust , it was curiosity , it was desire .
that s the only thing that mattered to him now .
and the last thing i need at the moment is to be cut up , cooked , and served with a side of lettuce .
the last thing i needed was for kennan to see me in my undies .
the only thing i recognized was my green sweater and my underwear .
the most important thing is focus and intent .
sometimes i forgot they had that whole inhuman speed thing .
the only thing i knew for certain was that if i ever got the chance , i would kill xavier or die trying .
the thing that struck me most were her eyes .
the torture continued for hours and the only thing that helped him live through it was the thought of his wife and daughter , for he 'd not seen either in the pile of bodies that had begun to form in front of him .
it 's the one thing i do love in him . ''
if there was one thing he had n't grown accustomed to since his arrival , it was the lycanian habit of wearing very few clothes .
looks were nt the only thing she borrowed from them , she had an oddly eiren way of things , everything had a protocol which was why she was subtlety hinting for kakri spotted her motioning for her to be shaded once more .
the only thing everyone could seem to agree on ( apart from the fact that it must have the word porcelain in the title ) was that such a tale must indeed exist , for neither of the other tales recounted how the childs father had discovered the illuminators kingdom and given his daughter life .
no one can remember who first noticed an odd thing about the hardened pots .
fato added , we do nt fly in flocks , for one thing , because of hunters , hunters shoot at flocks of birds .
for one thing , his brothers seemed to ignore him out of natural instinct , like they wanted to look away from him and not acknowledge him out of fear of acknowledging the inevitable , death .
that was one good thing about being immortal , and furtive to bootyou could see a lot more of the people and the world around you , and you could learn everything about them , and see the humorous side of life as well .
he thought that somehow , she was probably the closest thing he had to a true companion , someone who knew him intimately from all of the time she had spent watching him .
and for another thing , he was surprised to find that some small part of himself was excited to be on this mission with captain goga , perhaps even enjoying it , to a certain degree .
chapter 16 : cacophony chaos confusion and disorder is a common thing to recognize in the chaos that is life .
the one bad thing about being reunited with her family , jawen thought to herself , was spending more time with talia .
that was one good thing about the servants rebellion , repelling the freeloaders .
another thing that plagued him , apart from his dreams , was a certain song that people would hum .
the last thing anyone ever recalled about the vanishing of the dainties was the loud , excruciating cries coming from within the black cloud .
the best thing about laughter was that it was contagious , and it did much good for weary souls .
the hardest thing about this part of their journey was the long spiraling staircase that seemed to go upward for miles .
the good thing about daintish lodgings is that we do believe in oversized beds .
her spear work had never been equal to her sword work , and the problem was exacerbated by the fact that she could n't rely on her footing to help herthere was no such thing as footing in this battle .
hands the color of bronze rested on the railing gently , as if savoring the feel of the stone under her fingertips , as if amazed that they would ever be able to feel such a thing again .
i think that perhaps you have nt been thoroughly trained , because a certain leader did nt want to be shown up by a girl , but the natural energy rolling off of you , is an addictive thing .
well , there s definitely a physical / chemical thing going on there with you two .
we may not have had anything like a mated wolf bond , but we had the next closest thing possible .
i m sure the last thing she will need if she accidentally shifts back is for her brother to be there to see her naked .
i m experienced , but being with asriel was an entirely different thing from what i was used to with the men i picked up here and there .
it had become my world over the past few days , and the only thing that was keeping me going now was the promise that i would feel immensely better even if i could only manage five minutes in my wolf form .
ill take the parade ground , when in a fake louisiana restaurant might as well drink like its the real thing .
the only thing he seemed to possess was another brown robe that was even dirtier than the one which he currently wore .
the thought of your mouth upon mine is the only thing that keeps me going through this lonely time .
it was clean , for one thing , and organized , though on that first day the monk had still moved about the shining shelves , cataloguing the last of her husbands collection .
about the only thing other than interdiction for which kersen was known was the quality of its horses , and this one looked like the ruler of every mount in the realm .
the thing she liked most about nights like these was the chance to step away from her normal life .
he hoped such a thing would not make him soft , but he had nt known such pleasures since adavinda ; in truth , he d never expected to know such a thing again .
that s the thing with all the appeals , by the time we work our way through the courts , it could be years from now .
it filled my head , suffused my body until it was the only thing i knew .
the bond between us was the first thing to develop when she crashed head - long into my life , and it let us speak in that cool mind to mind way .
erin thought the only thing keeping her from being on tarrants talent list instead of his employee list was the size fourteen figure .
the good thing about psychic powers is that they go wherever your psyche is .
the funny thing about getting angry is that you do nt always start off mad .
one thing shed learned in the police force was that staring someone in the eyes was a sure fire way to intimidate them .
it had also cleared my head and the first thing i d seen was erin , crumpled up , clutching her chest as if in the throes of a heart attack .
the one good thing about this mess going down in the suburbs was that there were plenty of little side streets to lose myself in .
but if there s one thing i ve discovered , its that human beings have an amazing skill for self - delusion .
years have passed , and still i dread the coming of the moon the little tingle in my head , reminds me of my doom ; the only thing that s kept me sane through all these tortured years is my pack .
i saw his castle had nt changed when i approached the gates ; the only thing that made it strange was my accursed fate ; i did not try to sneak inside ; his wrath had been assuaged or so i thought .
the only thing that keeps me sane is singing my next rhyme !
although red and swollen from tears , her eyes had been beautifulreally the most beautiful thing about her .
if i were honest , i d have to admit to wondering the exact same thing .
if i d learned one thing during my time spent in aerisia , it was that the simathe high - chief got what he wanted .
he was sure after she had paid and signed his register that she was definitely not police , that she had one thing in common with almost all the people who stayed in his rooms .
the next thing he saw was johnny bent over him .
chapter 3 hope my house seemed to be the only thing in this twisted world to be the same .
the only thing that felt uncomfortable seemed to be my hair grazing and irritating my shoulders .
the only thing i could hold onto was the crushing need to examine every pixel of the pictures .
as scarlett pushed through the doors of blackbell academy , the first thing she saw was the colour scheme .
as soon as the computer home screen opened , the first thing she noticed was the desktop , or rather , the lack of one .
the first thing she clicked on was his email inbox .
the first thing she tried was blackwings .
the only thing dyston could see was her eyes .
she was certain that this room and these faces would be the last thing she would ever see .
one thing he was glad for though , he had his memories back .
the only thing that i knew for sure is that i was definitely not home .
that was the great thing about living in town .
the bird was tiny for one thing and likely to be a spy for another .
but i think another thing you and simon have in common is loneliness . ''
that is the only thing preventing me from snatching you away right now , aaron assured her , and hiding away with you for the rest of our days .
the first thing keira noticed upon entering the room was how warm it was .
keira , if there is one thing i could change about myself , it would be my need to eat human flesh in order to survive .
the last thing edmund saw before he breathed his last was fire curling from between a row of sharp teeth while a forked tongue flicked out of the mouth .
for one thing he would worry and be preoccupied when he needed to stay focused on his duties just in case the goblins crossed the venesh , also the question as to where the thing or whatever it was came from would be looked at closer than it had been thus far .
the next thing elzik sees is the concerned face of his father and realizes by the gentle movement that once again he is on the water 10 eldor knelt beside elnora lying on a low camp bed .
they were right about one thing .
there is only one thing your kind cares for , the hunger .
the second thing he realized was that there was a massive circular hole in a nearby building where , but a moment ago , there had been only a solid steelcrete wall .
soon , the children were all settled into their chosen hiding spots , their screams transformed to muffled laughter the only thing giving away their positions .
the last thing she wanted was to fight the elf prince .
the only thing keeping him on his feet was his staff .
the demon wind covered him like a cloak , it was the only thing keeping him alive .
the only thing moving on the tree - like giant was its flailing limbs .
the magi went through first , their halos of the oneness the only thing keeping them from being buried and suffocating in the field of dark debris .
let them have hope in the battle to come , it may be the only thing left to them .
the young elfs hair was nt the only thing the dead tree took from him .
the pair of huge axes were the only thing keeping him from being overcome , and they were slowing .
to keep life from death is one thing .
she looked up and noticed his arms were nt the only thing thick and long about him .
the only thing that kept them going was the words of encouragement they gave each other ; and of course the fact that they would have to fight in order to survive .
her fine clothes had been replaced with thin , dirty rags and the only thing that remained of the jewelry she had worn in the great hall was the collar about her neck .
for one thing , my name is not ava .
but hope is the last thing the molochs want .
as he stood looking through the open wood and iron shutters , his expression quickly became the darkest thing in the room .
the last thing she heard was an earth - shattering roar from kryos echoing off the mountains .
the thing she never liked , no matter what game they were playing , was picking teams or , more exactly , having to be picked for a team .
being an air person is not the same thing as being a rider .
the exception to all this mediocrity was his eyes : the irises were pale lavender , not the sort of thing that was likely to slip her memory .
super strength is a wonderful thing ; i can jump six vertical stories from standing and if i get a running start , i can launch myself almost sixty yards .
then she giggled ; a very scary thing when it comes from janine .
there was only one good thing about being in this area ; there was no one around to gawk at her .
considering her day , fire seemed to be about the only thing she could think of .
that was the thing about being a full - time beautiful drama queen ; marcia could get dramatic very easily , and woe betide if you were on the wrong end of that drama .
plus , she has this thing , henrietta shifted back , feeling uncomfortable for a moment , she always goes after any guy i ' m with .
they had given them temper as well , and that was one thing about the high king that had not diminished with the years .
hecuba was wrong about one thing , though : not all priams siblings had died .
whining , complaining , meriones said , its the same thing in the end .
pride had always been the largest thing about achilles .
its the only thing that kept my mind intact in that place ... the thought of you on the end of my blade .
i do nt know the first thing about fighting , she protested .
the only thing i ve determined yet from the young man is that he s being influenced , merran informed .
the very last thing he wanted was the extended company of this deranged girl .
i think ashwins spell - touch has finally faded completelyif i m qualified to gauge such a thing .
we would just be wasting time by staying here , and one thing that we could not waste was time .
the only thing his wife liked better than sleep was a clean house .
the last thing leon saw was a set of jagged teeth and claws .
she often teased him about his appearance , but his non - conventional looks were one of the things that had drawn her to him in the first place .
the only thing worse than knowing her husband was dead was the knowledge that the creature had eaten him .
the last thing she heard was toms car in the distance .
the last thing he saw was the etched figure of the wild boar on the blade that protruded from his chest .
the only thing that had him worried was how many other men there might be in the trees .
the only thing she owns is a sword and a book of fairy tales and she has no idea where her parents were from .
the smell of smoke was the first thing that struck them .
the first thing he noticed was the warmth of the large low - beamed room .
the sound of flapping banners was the only thing that broke the quiet .
the funny thing about time is how relevant it is .
the thing is , life on earth keeps repeating the same cycle galactic cycle every 25,000 years , starting with the powers of light and darkness doing battle .
the last thing thyzil saw before his body died was alura lying in her own blood .
the neat thing about pvc pipe is that it does nt weigh much and is easy to balance .
what 's the most magical thing about this spoon ? ''
the only thing more terrifying than getting your head lopped off by a black knight is getting your head lopped off by a knight wearing a light shade of salmon .
the most magical thing about the spoon , '' he said , ` ` is me . ''
the cool evening air was the first thing that brought me back .
the wind roared in my ears , but it was not the only thing i heard .
one thing i do nt doubt is that they want to protect madelyn .
as if understanding something and accepting it were the same thing .
the only thing that mattered was the feeling .
the strange thing about it is that even though the sensation was uncomfortable i would not have avoided it for the world .
many years have passed since i have been exiled to lumpenproleteria but the one thing that has followed me is my addiction to nip .
i could only swing with all my might ; it was the only thing that would save me now .
the only thing that nestled my empty stomach was the few dragon fingers i had come across , and although they were nt even de - scaled , i managed to choke them down .
so much , that the only thing that is keeping me from killing you is aduhlajh !
the only thing to save me now was love .
the thing about the trolls that really displeased him most of all , was that they were , as he saw it , on his land , and that was unforgivable .
the other thing that spurred him on was the effort that the guards put in to trying to stop him .
he was not , and so had merely experienced these things , however , on that night he was instantly excited as soon as he sensed the strange and dangerous creature that was lurking in the garden .
they each regretted two things ; firstly that they had answered the kings call ( there really is no such thing as a free lunch ) and , secondly ; that a beer hall so large had so few accessible exits .
the first thing he noticed was the hard ground .
the other thing that bothered him was the vastness of arduin .
it was already dark ; the horses would nt travel in the dark without light , and light was one thing briksan had forgotten to bring along .
they rushed blindly at them , which was one thing every sword carrier with half a brain knew not to do .
nevertheless , the thing they had going for them , their greatest advantage , was in their numbers .
the same thing in a mothers gaze to her born child that conveyed love and warmth beyond words .
the last thing briksan saw was realization in the fierce expression of the wraiths .
her diplomatic mien , the thing that marked her off as having a regal birth wherever she went , was gone .
the only thing different was the beard .
did nt mean to ; i m just used to all the rest going at me full steam that the bite back thing is pretty much built into me .
i sat there and tried to watch , but the only thing stuck in my brain was the part where he was breathing on my neck , moving his mouth over my skin .
the only thing keeping me alive is that i would not fall by a demons hand .
now , the thing with being so big was that you were nt able to move quickly enough .
chapter 17 i woke up and the first thing i saw was a white ceiling .
the first thing about demons is that they re beyond dumb .
for one thing , i suspect the attack will be just about dusk , right ?
the one thing he acted poorly was humility , and that made them jealous .
that was one thing about the twins ; they were good friends .
the last thing i want at this stage is to make a fool of myself .
one , two , three the first thing that struck aiden was how good they were .
this has to be a low risk exercise and the last thing i need are hordes of very angry , psychopathic , kilt - wearing maniacs ravaging through the palace looking to cause as much dismemberment to my person as is humanly possible .
do nt get me wrong , dog food is nt normally my thing , but to be honest some of the stuff was actually quite tasty .
and the other thing that does get to me , on occasion , is the boredom , odin continued .
the only thing that remained of her was her wand and the heart - shaped ice - crystal .
1.my uncomplicated life curiosity is a very peculiar thing .
that is one thing distinctly different between ray and neal .
aakir sighs , that s not the only thing different about me , is it ?
the first thing i notice are the howls emanating from the attic .
this partner thing is anyways related more with your aura .
i almost expected expensive decoration and glittering lights but thankfully the dining tables and the chairs are the only thing that looks out of place for a judiciary meeting .
it is because of the partner thing .
but most of all , the main thing i remember is that both the days , or rather nights , my father was right there beside me .
his shoes are the first thing i see as i am hunched over .
the thing i heard the most from him was his choler against the leader of his realm , which as you just told me was mikhail during his time .
the third thing prevents me from grasping whatever happens in the immediate moments .
realizing the last thing she had eaten was the cereal hours before , she soon found herself standing in front of the pantry looking in .
the thing she liked about her non - relationship with miguel was that it was easy , and it fit in with her other goals in life .
who would believe us , for one thing !
that s another thing i miss about us living together .
ron listened without interrupting , one thing i admired him for .
the only thing i did nt like at the leslies house was bedtime .
yeah , and that s the worst thing about it , i replied .
there s no such thing as happiness , not for me .
i had plenty of reasons as to why i could have killed him , the name being the first thing .
and the thing is you re only twelve .
its the same thing , said tanya impatiently .
one of the things she hated about her consulting work was that it usually took place late at night or early in the morning and she got lost easily in the dark .
they were just like regular people except for one thing ; they were only six inches tall .
the only thing i had truly liked about halis was her vitality , which seemed to glow like a bright white flame from within her .
it had been three days since we 'd escaped the ulibari , and in that time the only thing we 'd had to eat was a strip of dried meat i 'd kept with my pack .
the one thing they did not expect in the vira was silence ; silence that allowed bellars questions and doubts to echo in his mind .
fleetingly , gallan considered placing his sheepskin across the womans shoulders , but raddia dissuaded him by taking hold of his hand and squeezing it a thing she almost never did .
yet that was the last thing on yern and yenkas minds as they struggled to conceal their heartbreak over having their firstborn torn from them under a mask of prideful overjoyment .
however , for all his intelligence and ruthless determination , there was one thing veig treth had neglected to nurture , deeming it irrelevant to his ravenous aspirations he had never quite decided whether the spirits to whom he owed his good fortune were real to him or not ; belief in them had always seemed secondary to believing in himself ; and by the time he was resting on his laurels , the essence of his vocation had become so unimportant to him that he inwardly scorned servants like his father , who sat around chanting nonsense and burning herbs and waiting for a response that never really came instead of using their craft to make their own lives and not some ignorant farmers better .
for one thing , his appearance was comical to the extreme , and reminiscent of some great wise ape leading a life of solitude in the heart of a deep dark forest : being surely no less than five hundred years old , huxor had probably never bothered to cut his hair , which had grown , mane and mustache and beard , into a long white mass that covered him almost completely and since he did nt seem at all aware of the fact , he was constantly tripping on the thick strands that fanned out round his feet , falling down hard on his face , picking himself up , tripping and falling again , and so on , the result being that what little could be glimpsed of his face was a map of bruises , his nose crooked and caked in dried blood , his eyes black and swollen and his forehead covered with bleeding bumps , as if a dozen horns were trying to sprout from his brow .
apparently , or so the boatman said and he seemed young and innocent enough to be telling the truth , zaepix was rumoured to be the maddest madman in all of ienar lin , a thing apparent from his island , ( specially made so by the gods ?
the first thing wixelors anxiously blinking eyes fell on the moment he pulled himself out of the barrel and stood on the islands slippery ground was an enormous device unlike anything he d ever seen , even in the most exotic alien dreams .
they were in too great a state of agitation to perceive any shift in their substance , but one thing the reflections did captivate was their mind ; because , after all , it did nt feel at all like gazing at a stranger , a usurper of your lifes essence , but as if , for the first time in their life , they knew not merely their exact appearance but what made them their fear , and will to live , and boundless love for one another who they were .
and then he reached the gates and his traitorous fantasy crumbled in a single stroke for instead of the four - horse carriage and the armed and mounted escort he d been expecting , there stood before him an old , black , mangy mare , with a filthy pile of sackloth in the place of a proper saddle , and , hanging from a sheath across her flank , a sword so tarnished and blunt that even if he d been a master swordsman ( which he was most definitely not ; carving knives were the closest thing to a weapon he had ever held ) he could inflict with it as much injury as with a willow switch or a sprig of rosemary .
for one thing , the mare had clearly made the trip to the cave of the seers before , and seemed to know the way which veig could never have found on his own ; and for another , the beasts dull black coat , the same as his hooded cape , made them practically invisible so long as they kept close to dark , wooded areas .
it is also believed that erat rin was struck by a catastrophic event similar to the disaster of feerien , and that the only thing that kept it from coming apart was the presence of the runes , and more specifically the rune of life .
because the only thing i can recall is that blackness with all those blinking lights , and then i was falling ...
for one thing , her feelings towards their birthplace had changed dramatically .
all these thoughts coursed through raddias mind as she half - dozed , waking every so often with a start to make sure yonfi was still safe and snug in her arms and each time she did so , the thing she felt for next was the petal , clinging still to the soft , wrinkly tip of her finger after having almost miraculously survived the storm .
for one thing , most of the men who had survived , and who would otherwise be the ones to bear the brunt of restoring the village to liveable conditions , were blind and mad , rambling on about fantastic prophecies ( and then only when they spoke their own tongue , which was nt often ) , with brief interludes of clarity , during which , however , all they would talk of was the stone protecting the stone , trusting in the stone , even if all it seemed to do was emit an uncomfortable brightness despite the sheep and camel pelts heaped upon it at the back of a tiny , empty hut , guarded day and night by fierce - looking fools that stared at the sky with clouded eyes .
human beings , regardless of what world they hailed from , almost never dreamt of the future ; for one thing , it was hard to imagine ; and for another , the thought of a world in which they would nt be alive was nt particularly appealing .
the only thing awesome about this movie , he said , is the ice cream .
when you are afraid , really afraid , then the only thing you have to hold onto is hope .
but his hair , tucked into the complex headband , was not the strangest thing about him .
but the one thing that remains is that i am a knight , and i stay true to virtue .
the essence of charming surrounded daelin , a bond , familiarity , the one thing she had hoped most to find in settler .
the only thing not pink was her cropped halo of white curls .
yes , its my favorite thing about the addition , she said .
the only thing i had going for me was that it was friday .
it was the closest thing to a friendship the man had had in longer than he could even remember .
the next thing i knew , i was laying on a comfy couch in the same office as before and the only thing i could see was five concerned faces peering at me .
the thing is , in life , you know how water evaporates ? ''
` ` the thing about adoring something , '' he said , ` ` is that it helps you adore other things .
chapter fifteen ` ` now , the thing about angels , sweetie , '' sallie told me at the dinner table later that day , ` ` is that it 's hard to tell 'em from anyone else .
none of them flickered even a hint of memory for me , but the last thing i picked up intrigued me .
` ` and the other thing i do n't like about dying , '' i said , ` ` is that a lot of times you do n't get to say goodbye .
among other things , the commander saw the people around him turning into fruits and vegetables .
the thing isi have a funny feeling that i will .
the first thing i remember is seeing victoria push that needle into my arm .
the funny thing is ; he really does seem to think that they will prove it to me .
the only thing i can see is his eyes .
i am lying on my back , so the first thing i see is a white ceiling , and the source of all things bright ; a fluorescent strip light .
being blind had been one thing , but now being without hearing also took the loneliness to a new level .
one thing i did know for certain was elliot was not going to be happy about my decision .
for one thing , it now had a wolf in it .
the only thing keeping her terror down was the constant thought that the sooner she found the others , the sooner she could get out of this place .
the last thing we need is another suicide .
at night , it got really creepy , and the only thing that helped me sleep was that dylan would be there to protect me .
what could he tell her that d mean a damn thing ?
and other than his really awful mason the mason joke , there was nt a thing in the world wrong with him .
mason did nt have a thing in the world wrong with him .
for one thing , he stuck out like a sore thumb .
but the weirdest thing about him ?
for one thing , his knees looked like they might bend both ways .
but he also had this thing called class half the year .
also , the whole dignity thing .
and that was fine , alright , probably just a protein thing , but conrad started to ask if she was sure she was okay and , whoa , holy shit .
the wrought iron staircase looked like it d started life as a fire escape before getting pilfered from another building , for one thing .
soft - spoken professor hothe , whose biting sarcasm was the most violent thing about him , punched a guy holding a gun so hard he staggered back and hit the tree behind him .
whatever they were doing they all had one thing in common : all their eyes were tightly closed .
the only thing about him i can claim is his magical blood .
karini , the last thing ocamar will suspect is that you would come back willingly .
one thing he admired about tyrosh was her ability to not give in to her dragonhunger .
the only thing that stopped him was the fact that the young man knew no one in hobton .
the good thing about teaching you the ax is its just like teaching you a club .
one thing about the bare stone that served as the home of the anuunaki , it carried noise .
the second thing he noticed was the taste of the air .
his hand that was firmly planted on top of the rock slid to the edge , the only thing holding him up were two fingertips .
but sir , i do declare that you doubt my prowess with a bow he said , the twinkle in his eye the only thing betraying the mask of seriousness he was attempting to maintain .
the sound of breathing was the only thing that could be heard now .
challandra took a deep breath and walked up to the huge figure as it turned slowly to look at her , the sound of its breathing the only thing they could hear in the corridor .
the chirping of birds and the sound of their footprints in the grass was the only thing disturbing the stillness .
the only thing i know i 'll have before you is another fish .
the only thing that would matter should he survive this and see his brother again .
the first thing he saw was the little pouch on the table which he reckoned to be leynas .
so far it had been her favourite thing about the city .
but its the only thing .
but the wait is not the only thing we have .
the one thing i ca nt see is my own future .
if there was one thing lyric believed he knew of edan , it was that he would thrive on viewing the onslaught of dampened spirits and pain of mind .
one thing in particular i recall her saying was how shed said in a moments anger that you would never compare to tatiana .
the funny thing is , you are nt doing so bad , even though i doubt your powers are anywhere near as strong as hers .
it was a completely different thing altogether , to believe those words deep within the intensities of her soul .
she always said fate was a funny thing , that there was no certainty of anything to pass .
the spell of felicitys free being one such thing .
i know it is the only thing i have left of my life prior , she replied .
they d build it , but it did nt matter cause the thing he liked best was when people thought he was crazy and they all did that .
yeah her voice did that quavering thing like that were nt really what she meant .
other people had a thing called left and right , scar never thought about it .
one thing my mother never let me do was touch her feathers , not even to help her sort them when the hunters brought them , or to put them away .
i swear , the only thing i m going to miss about this place is having you around .
the last thing i wanted people knowing me as was dominique howells daughter .
the only thing about sarah that i did nt like was that she talked a lot .
the third thing sarah talked about was : victor .
that was the one thing i like about work , it always kept me busy enough to distract me from everything else .
i knew this was true and i think that was the only thing that kept me from crying .
the only real thing that was scary about don was his facial expression .
the first thing i thought of was soda , that was your first thought ?
i m sure he was just curious how i felt about that , i guess that s not a bad thing to know right away if its important to you .
mostly , the thing that was distracting me was victor .
the only thing all of these women had in common was that they all lived in hanover , they all had self - harmed in the past and they were all around the same age when they died .
the only thing that was similar between the women was that they had all graduated from the same high school .
because if you complete this mission for me ill give you the one thing in this world that you want ; i 'll give you your freedom caligari knew this was just the motivation he needed .
the first thing i noticed as was the sweet heavy fragrance of incense .
i laughed ; human reflexes were just one more thing i was going to have to get used to again .
the last thing i wanted to think about today was the last ten years , and i did nt want matthiass pity .
he was giving me the one thing i wanted .
the public courts and subsequent executions were her least favorite thing about life in the city .
the only thing a survivor thinks about is surviving .
the thing about these voices is in the habit they have to unnerve me and appear at random .
the last thing i need is to be preoccupied and cause a scandal .
if there is one thing i have learned since my entanglement with the moretti and azzara families , it is that you never know .
the good thing about farmers is that they are always awake before anyone else is !
if there is one thing the whole family can feel without any dispute , it is the poisonous torture that strings together in the fiber of their minds where carminas thread is woven .
the good thing about dimitri is the ease with which i can sway him in my favor .
john opens the door and the first thing i notice is the smell of paint .
so as to defy all storybook requirements , the only thing remarkable about this particular king was that he was quite unremarkable .
chapter 6 - the journey out three years earlier calea gave bron credit for one thing -- he was quiet .
stenn said , the pain and frustration of the day boiling up with him scarcely noticing , i suppose if they were stupid enough to let you and your siblings play near garamoush with only some old woman to watch you all , then- stenns old knight senses were the only thing that kept annas vengeful fist from connecting with his gut .
the wood cried out in pain as each blow landed and the closest thing to music that stenn had heard in some time came from the choir of metal striking timber .
believe me , i m more than glad to see a place like this , but maybe its just an old man thing to be so wary sometimes .
the thing about gods , stenn said , as i understand them at least , is that they re supposed to be smarter than us .
however , it was strange that the trees seemed to be losing the very thing that made them trees .
like the only real thing i ever had to live for was gone .
chapter 17 legend of the soraphim the last thing i remember was spawning my ethereal armor .
lenore : we do push ourselves , but one thing we learned when studying really successful musicians was that they were generally prolific .
` ` there is a nice thing about fairytales .
but that was nt the only thing that was throwing me off kilter .
for one thing , i believe they were both exhausted .
i was excited about moving for one thing , but that was not foremost on my mind satan was !
paul and nancy had told me not to ever show fear when dealing with the supernatural ; that fear was the only thing to fear .
it was one thing that the christian and muslim worlds had in common .
the only good thing about today was that this was my sixth out of eight classes , and the school day was nearing an end .
the only thing unique about this comb was that it looked disgusting .
as if he had , once again , read our minds , mr . marlin gave us all a quick roach smile ( if there is such a thing ) and then darted off across the open floor , calling out after us , follow me , please !
the worst thing about the directors words was that they made complete sense .
i wish i could teach you , but that is the thing about a dvijya , it only serves a single ghost at a time .
at those times , glass bangles were in vogue and the thing about glass bangles was kamal turned his eyes to anoothi , giving her the cue to take over the narration momentarily .
the thing about glass bangles was that you could not get them on yourself .
upon entering the first thing i had noticed is that it was empty , neither party , nor dining was taking place at the moment ; it was silent , yet emphatic with beauty .
dang , the last thing i want is it to rain .
upon making my way inside , the first thing i noticed was how warm and cozy it felt inside .
the season orbs are not the only thing the stone reacts to my dear .
if there was one thing he despised , it was his orders being thwarted .
the only thing he managed to ingest was a mix of herbs balien brought .
megan flopped down onto the mud of a mound that was the closest thing to a small island in the water - choked hellhole .
lights above , that s the last thing we need !
groaning as i struggled to consciousness , the only thing i remembered was dimitrithe crazy kid from the dealer 's room who 'd gotten under my skin .
there was a sensation of abrupt movement nearby , yet when i cast my eyes toward the young man , he was nowhere to be seen , the only thing that gave any hint to his whereabouts a curtain moving on the far side of the room .
the horror came with the realization that even this disintegration of the self would have been acceptable , because the will to live was the first thing death stole away .
but the one thing these beings all have in common is their temporality and their perceptibility .
' there are many things in this world that are unseeable ; you can not be blamed for missing one little thing . '
the first thing which struck gudrik was the obvious lack of security .
the only thing more pathetic than greywind 's infatuation with goatha was his repeated denial of it .
well , much as i 'd rather secure a defensive position and sortie out from there , that would waste the one thing we have : surprise .
there s no such thing as fear .
the only thing keeping the atlanteans going is the idea of reaching their homeland .
for one thing , they needed water !
for one thing she would n't throw innocent people in prison .
viciousness was one thing .
chapter 30 a battle within it 's a strange thing , being dead .
it was usually a big deal for a student to be invited to sit with alex since so many of them admired the one thing all opalstones had in common : attractive good looks that seemed to permeate every molecule of their opalstone dna .
` ` their desire to be feared or liked by others who use foul language almost always results in social failure on the outside , with their overall image , and emotional failure inside because the one thing nearly every single human being has in common with another is a deep admiration of those who are strong enough and unashamed to hold themselves to higher moral standards of living and that is most clearly manifested in what we say and especially in what we door as in this case , what we refrain from doing , such as using foul language .
` ` my favorite thing about that story is that it 's true , '' samuel said .
the one thing i ' m struggling with as i learn new things about god from my father 's notes , which i feel are true teachings , is the fact that it points out clearly but mercifully that some of the things that many people believe are true are actually false .
` ` the next thing to keep in mind is that throughout history , god has always followed a very specific pattern .
` ` there 's one more thing i ' m reminded of . ''
if you really do n't like someone 's shirt , try and find something about it you truly do like ( maybe the only thing you like about it is the color ) and compliment what you like .
the first thing ulka noticed about her was that her armor was nt polished , it was dented and banged up .
the only thing he respected about them was their rage .
and you re voak , the interesting thing is , is that we have never been introduced although you know my name and i know yours .
that s correct and that is the strange thing about it .
the last thing i need is to lose more good men and women .
it was one thing that he did nt like about any of the ulnath , in particular this kroven , everything he said seemed like an attempted riddle as if he was ready to lie at any moment for the cheap thrill it gives .
for one thing , a mans separated self was able to do much more than just hang in the air like a ghost .
eralois words were practical , the very thing the sack swords had been built around .
the only thing distinguishing her from a regular white wolf was her black ear tips .
the only thing he did was prevent edo voliss blade from striking him , apart from that he did nt counter attack .
krovin rarely showed such emotion , so his expression was a powerful thing to behold .
the last thing he saw before his eyes closed were the approaching medical tents but he could nt be sure if they were real or simply an illusion of his mind .
he looked back to the red energy feeling his hands tremble with both fear and that disgusting thing called weakness .
to joes credit , there was one thing that he was really good at - hiding .
but the most unnerving thing about them was their eyes - large , pale yellow with a red centre .
the first thing that struck chris was how cold it was .
the last thing you should think of before you to go to sleep is that you can control your dreams .
for one thing , they thought she was nt colorful enough , because she always wore a black dress ( which they considered her petals ) .
the only thing i can feel is gut wrenching , spine shaking fear .
in fact , the last thing i remember is ... the night .
the one thing i have left .
granted , yin is a woman , but her power is the only thing garl will care about .
the first thing i notice are the paintings on the wall .
he 's the closest thing to a living legend .
no , mara is now the closest thing to a living legend , considering she is the very embodiment of the savior myth .
it 's clear castor is the closest thing to family she has .
even though he has tried to manipulate me , somehow i ca n't help but feel he 's the closest thing to a friend i have .
yet , now she is the only thing i have left .
he 'd never tasted the stuff until today , when he discovered the first thing about alcohol ; namely that it makes you talkative .
unfortunately , come the morning lectrac was going to discover the second thing about alcohol , namely that it makes you forget what a good time you had last night by expediently making you forget everything about last night .
of course , even if the king was determined to imprison the knight there was such a thing as going down fighting .
the redskin captain had olegs steel knife in hand , which was the only thing about the contest that spoke of equality .
the threat was a potent one since the only thing better known about alvito than his wealth and the covetous quality of his steel , was his conviction to his faith and any oaths that pertained to it .
the only thing that kept him from exploring his desire for silver - tree was his respect for the feelings of raining - sunshine .
one thing about a pleasant panoramic scene ; it also made a good field of fire .
the only thing clear was the anger .
i have lost every thing i hold dear .
that is the only thing i want .
the last thing i need is someone slowing me down , be he man or woman .
your strength is the only thing you have that is yours .
one thing lyght appreciated about him was that he knew when to be serious .
and if decimader vuruman knew one thing from long experience , it was to trust his intuition .
for one thing , they did nt have the famous rich navy blue uniforms with the slanted with l insignia .
funny thing is , i ca nt even really think of when i came to this conclusion .
there was only one thing she was certain of about it ; it was not right .
one thing about the dark was that the longer the night went on , the blacker it got .
if there was one thing that scared sky more than anything else , it was mediocrity .
as seth watched , troy pushed his long brown hair to the side as he gestured at a map behind him , clearing up his vision for those fascinating , deep purple eyes of his another thing that made him and his twin sister so revered and mysterious in the northern domains .
the one good thing about the acid rain was that it could nt reach underground .
yes , actually , there was one thing better than a good view of the sunset the dark , flowing cape that symbolized that he had gotten to where he belonged .
not only how vocal he was , the way he inspired his peers to really come together as a group was the special thing .
that was one thing they liked , a good challenge .
times always changed , and one thing that he d learned was that he had to change with them .
chapter forty - six the first thing lyght felt was cold , salty water being splashed across his face .
sky checked the floor indicator they were halfway up , believe me , i know his past now , and the last thing decimader vuruman has ever been is a hero .
meaning , i m in shock and bleeding inside and the only thing keeping me alive is my werewolf healing and i ve probably got another half - hour or so before even that wo nt cut it any more .
in hospital pajamas and bare feet , his clipped hair was the most military thing about him .
* * * the first thing dj noticed when he woke again was how much better he felt .
the second thing he noticed was that the straps were back .
if there was one thing everyone with ptsd had in common , it was that they did nt want to talk about it .
the last thing echo wanted was to hear all about how justin had died .
the last thing dj saw as she vanished around the corner was the pale glow of her tousled hair .
the last thing echo needed was for him to pass out .
domination and submission are nt the same thing as sadism and masochism .
well , that s the funny thing .
the thing about suarez god , this is the thing about alvarado too , its like a theme is that what sticks in my mind is nt who he was , its how he died .
if there was one thing he d learned all the way back in boot camp , it was self - control .
but if he d learned one thing in his years as a marine , it was that funny little feelings were worth paying attention to .
see , this is another thing i do nt like about you .
sam kicked at the sidewalk , another thing cassie was beginning to realize was a nervous habit with him .
that was another thing she had to give cordley credit for ; he was very logical .
she put her head between her knees , feeling exhausted despite getting twelve hours of sleep ; it seemed like the only thing her power was good for was attracting demons .
cassie licked her lips ; the one thing she had going for her in this situation was that the guards knew that she was too valuable to hurt .
while it was kind of humorous that she was perhaps the only teenaged girl in the world who had been told to use her cellphone more , it was also the only thing that allowed her to keep her position at dg .
i did nt know i had this height thing .
the only thing worse than being a slave , is being one that is wanted by the law , megan replied .
the last thing he could see before landing face - first on an old pavement brick was po , reaching out in desperation as he let superman fall from his hands .
` ` he 's about the only thing .
the only thing he wanted was for it all to be over .
there was only one thing he could not understand , one blotch upon an otherwise perfect existence and bright future : he could not reconcile himself to the existence of the master or rather his need for such a concept , yet the supposedly wise folk that lectured him daily upon any number of topics seemed to take his existence as a matter of course and found absurd ways to interconnect it with everything they said or did .
nobody ever wanted to have anything to do with him either , because he had one thing in common with that little girl , just one thing : his eyes .
nobody ever wanted to have anything to do with him either , because he had one thing in common with that little girl , just one thing : his eyes .
in the end , is this not the only thing you want ?
time is the only thing we need now , and its the only thing we ca nt afford to lose .
time is the only thing we need now , and its the only thing we ca nt afford to lose .
it is the only thing i have left .
the only weird thing he noticed was the color of his eyes : blue , but with thin red veins around the pupil .
i may look like a dumb blonde , but one thing i love to do is read .
had he felt the same thing as i had when we first laid eyes on each other ?
if there was one thing i was use to , it was being hit on .
ugh , i knew there was a told - you - so coming from van , and the sad thing was , i deserved it .
one of my favorite things was to feel the grass between my toes .
i asked as calmly as i could , even though calm was the last thing i was at the moment .
the last thing i wanted was for something to attack while i was behind the wheel .
the only thing cheery was the sound of oseth and saron bantering and laughing behind them .
the only thing they had in common was the passion to kill each other and perhaps their love and respect for king sargf .
i guess there is no such thing as perfection .
the only thing that the colorless world has to offer .
the sad thing is they are both pushy and stubborn .
one thing i was taught well was literacy , the young lady replied .
the only thing adelia could see was a pair of concerned yellow eyes .
marwan started to move in the direction of the eagle again and the only thing that kept him from running was the desire to get a little more information from apate , in case she knew more or was somehow wrong , which he hoped .
bear slammed the door shut behind him and the next thing rowan experienced was being whisked away in a bubble of tranquility and safety .
jaysen and tray ca nt unveil in front of her for one thing .
i was sixteen , for one thing .
the only thing i do nt have ironclad is the time .
it was the strangest thing , but i found i was nt struggling with anything .
the only thing that changes is the vehicles they are driving .
tuckers smile was the last thing i saw before the darkness took me chapter forty three haunted whispers sounds of violence angry voices threatening fear of the dark imperceptible shadows feeling of foreboding those were the things i experienced , in that order , while i struggled to come awake .
no , not a single thing until ember called to us to come get her she admitted .
he whipped out cash for the rental for one thing .
` ` that 's another thing that bothers me , '' hafiz frowned , ` ` her insolence and pettiness .
the weird thing about the lighthouse is , its working .
the only thing in the room was the door .
the only thing that matters is that you wake up to see another day .
that s the funny thing .
the one thing the light did touch was his black shoes which glittered .
the pregnancy is the only thing keeping her weak but the spell remains .
ahkmenotep was the closest thing to a prophet , with his widespread knowledge of the covens history , and his firsthand experience fighting with isis in achaia .
he d never expected to get along with jaime , and certainly never anticipated that they would share lina , but now that , that time had come and passed , what the three of them shared was the most important thing in wills entire world .
the only thing that matters to me , are these , lina said emotionally , gesturing to her infant sons .
getting lucky with an apprenticeship was one thing , but getting privileged like this was quite another .
the good thing about having a good reputation is that if you ve the notion to abuse it once in a while , no one says anything , or even asks , really .
for one thing , he was nt a dragon .
but these dangers to your will have one thing in common .
sleep is the best thing in the world .
one of the things that has made me happiest about this place is that work is not drudgery here .
then , the ship disappeared into cloud , and the music faded , leaving her one more thing to yearn for .
but in all the years i have known you , there is one thing about you that does nt change : you never give yourself enough credit .
another thing about talek , that was sometimes frustrating , was that one could be almost certain that at some point in any extended conversation , he would bring in some principle or other .
another thing that sometimes happens to my communicants is , that afterwards , they feel better about life in general .
you know , the thing that really convinces me that they have little crime or poverty is , that we have as yet to see well , here they are now , this must be the local police !
well , that is the special thing about art , said tulith .
as a matter of fact , you have been remarkably free of one sort of thing that a lot of beginners have : despising other people .
they were much bigger , for one thing .
for one thing , it teaches you to stand on your own , to take care of yourself .
i agree with you about at least one thing , said oselika .
one thing , he said , is the way they re all split up into self - centered individuals , all competing with each other .
and lightbearer found it to be a very precious thing , that she and sorilal of liotr had been able to avoid this .
the wonderful thing about having a famous painting on my wall is not that i enjoy looking at it , but that it provokes awe , envy , and feelings of inferiority in others .
and i do nt want you to lose or damage the one precious thing you have left !
for one thing , she had barely become well - known when she proceeded to vociferously deny being the girl , a position she had maintained ever since .
its illegal , for one thing .
for one thing , several people wanted to take food without paying .
well , politeness has possessed arkiss , for one thing .
* * as alisim awoke , the first thing to strike her consciousness was the delicious afterglow , permeating her whole body , from their lovemaking the previous night .
for one thing , tlilists claim , an emperor functioning in the usual way is always in a terribly dangerous position .
but there was one other strange thing about him , or whatever it was .
yet you lack one thing .
more literature on theory and governance was the last thing kosai wanted to read .
the one good thing about the candle was it threw some light into the room .
for a girl like her - one as drab and plain with as boring prospects - magic was the one thing she could hold onto .
the one thing the physical appearance of valtteri and nerys had in common were their large , round , red eyes .
you always claim we are weak and without worth , valtteri , but there is one thing that separates us from those that called themselves our masters .
the most disturbing thing about her eyes , to morgan at least , was that inside those beautiful and perfectly clear eyes was instant recognition .
that was one good thing about the ` ` dogs only '' sign on the front door .
` ` the great thing about cats is , you never know what they 're thinking .
now she is experiencing the same things , which is truth as how sweet is hacimakule switheet , with full of holes made by the fork .
while i was drinking it , i felt the same thing what you say but that is weird : as if i felt things contrary to your sayings .
this is a script , a film scenario yes , lampir says , with slow movements he unbuttons the buttons of his jacket , and moves away about two steps : this is the last thing left from transkovac .
this is so thing to understand the nature .
plus that whole , killing people who piss you off thing .
pain was the only thing gabriel had left that he could depend on .
the man had on camouflage and body armor , the only thing he was missing was a helmet .
the forest was one of the best things about the dragon world .
the only thing that truly ruined his perfect modern profile was the nose .
apparently trow have that bushy - eyebrow - across - the - entire - head thing going .
it 's the only thing that makes me feel safe here in this ...
just the strength in his arms made me shiver , but the feel of him growing larger against my body was almost an overwhelming thing .
what was one thing all goblin warriors had on their bodies at all times ?
` ` one thing i always noticed about taranis 's temper was that it never struck out at anyone powerful .
the only thing that kept me anchored to the earth was the hard , hot point of galen 's body .
the only thing that had changed was the hem length .
sometimes the only thing that keeps you from going mad is stubbornness and need .
the only things i still had to hide were the vibrant green and gold of my eyes and the luminosity of my skin .
there is only one thing that can give a tall , commanding person that look of daintiness : she was part sidhe .
it was the closest thing i 'd had to another sidhe in three years .
he kept leading me , pulling me into the room , so that i stumbled , and the only thing that kept me from falling to the polished wood of the floor was his arms .
the last thing we needed was for me to contaminate him with the tears .
by the time i made it out the other side and started down the side street , the only thing that still looked the same was the clothes .
i understood , probably better than he did , because the only thing worse than never was to have had it , and be denied it .
the last thing i heard was a plaintive , ` ` nerys ? ''
he was n't powerful magically , and he was n't good at behind - the - scenes scheming ; the only thing he really had was a strong body , a good arm , and the ability to make people smile .
the only thing that said i was not pure sidhe was my height .
the only thing that kept the pants up was that they were unbelievably tight .
it was n't the only thing that ached .
it was huge and golden , and was the only thing that had not changed when his illusions were stripped away .
the limo was a smooth ride , but when you have second - degree burns that started the day as third - degree burns , well , i guess there 's no such thing as a truly smooth ride .
` ` i thought my fertility was supposed to be the thing i thought about most if i am to be your heir , aunt andais ? ''
his grey eyes , which were the most ordinary thing about him physically , were keeping watch , but his face was pressed against the top of my head .
to this day the scent and feel of the terriers was a comforting thing to me .
` ` the sight of your shining face will be the last thing i will ever see .
i 'd begun to notice the hardest thing about having this many men in my life was n't figuring out what position for sex tonight but how to keep from hurting anyone 's feelings or making anyone feel left out .
` ` understand , my young green friend , that one of the things that makes the seelie sidhe prefer exile among the humans to joining our court is the belief , the absolute belief , that being in the dark corrupts us .
max might not have had an ounce of self - discipline , but there was n't a thing wrong with his wits .
if there 's one thing a political wife does n't know , it 's what her husband 's desire feels like .
the first thing he noticed about the background was the difference in music .
i ' m grateful for that , but gratitude is one thing ' and trust is another . ''
that was maybe the most important thing she knew right now .
the only thing she wore was a green vest studded with hartmann buttons and bitter joker slogans : why be normal ?
her ears were always the first thing he noticed about kataria : long , pointed spears of pale flesh peeking out from locks of dirty blonde hair , three deep notches running the length of each as they twitched and trembled like beings unto themselves .
' there 's not a damn thing funny about not having money . '
' we run , the only thing we ' ve earned is a reputation for letting employers , godly employers , die . '
numbers are one thing , but steel is another .
swaddled in conservative black where the pirates displayed their tattoos brazenly , the creature 's clothing was the least curious thing about him .
he looked up , blinking and shaking his head ; the first thing he made out , shortly before the tattoos , was a long , banana - coloured grin .
the only thing that truly annoyed her about them was their grossly underrated ability to adapt .
' the stupid little barbarians think that killing is the only thing in life .
he 'd often wondered the same thing , hoping to compare it to his beddings with more civilised ladies .
the only thing he heard was the pounding of his own heart .
' cautious is one thing , ' he replied .
if he noticed such a thing , however , he paid it only as much care as was required to wave a hand as though batting away a particularly irate gnat .
' one thing i never seem to lack is dead rhega . '
when he turned about , the first thing he noticed was her smile .
the last thing he saw of the beast was its chattering teeth as the lantern 's blue light dimmed .
bulbous eyes , larger than overripe grapefruits and apparently desperate to escape the green , short - snouted skull they were ensconced in , were undoubtedly the first thing he noticed .
' hey , maybe you 're right about the whole invisible thing , yeah ?
that statement , at the moment , was the least offensive thing about her and , no matter what she smelled , brains certainly were n't what filled lenk 's nose .
we ' ve now got our weapons back as well as our monster - no offence , gariath - so the only thing lacking is a loose end which i ' ve already tied up and am about to strangle with my loincloth . '
what else he saw in there - the tinges of joy , of desire , of lust - he was determined not to take as the last thing he saw before being gutted .
see , that 's kind of the thing : they are n't points .
even if they could feel such a thing anymore , they would have had none of it .
it 's hard to keep track , what with no sleep , no sun , and the whole fear of being disemboweled in my sleep ... thing .
do you think the ears are the only thing that makes us different ?
or anything about that whole ' jaga begins to stir ' thing .
the coral burned brighter than wood ; he had n't thought it would , but he supposed that was the least weird thing about jaga .
but the elder shen 's comings and goings and the very intent way with which he stared at lenk from behind his hood were , at that moment , not the weirdest thing about him .
they would have sounded just like the netherlings , asper thought , if not for one thing .
` ` unfortunately , the only thing keeping us here was your absence , '' miron replied .
one thing he had learned early , you do your own time in prison .
` ` the best thing about the states we 're heading for , '' said wednesday , ` ` minnesota , wisconsin , all around there , is they have the kind of women i liked when i was younger .
coming to america 1721 the important thing to understand about american history , wrote mr . ibis , in his leather - bound journal , is that it is fictional , a charcoal - sketched simplicity for the children , or the easily bored .
it was may , and she took her chair out into the kitchen garden to pick peas and to shuck them in the sunlight , for even in the lush heat of virginia the cold had entered her bones as the frost had entered her hair , and a little warmth was a fine thing .
` ` but it seems self - evident- '' ` ` the only thing that seems self - evident , '' said the old woman , pointing ( as behind her , through her , above her , a black finger , sharp - taloned , pointed in echo ) , ` ` is your own desire for glory .
the thing about coin manipulation was that it took all shadow 's head to do it ; or rather , he could not do it if he was angry or upset , so the action of practicing an illusion , even one with , on its own , no possible use - for he had expended an enormous amount of effort and skill to make it appear that he had moved a quarter from one hand to the other , something that it takes no skill whatever to do for real - calmed him , cleared his mind of turmoil and fear .
the thing about lakeside is that it 's a good town .
exhaustion was the best thing .
she hugged him then , as if to take the sting from her words , and she said , ` ` the best thing about robbie was that he was somebody .
you are the only thing i have left , the only thing that is n't bleak and flat and gray .
still , that 's the good thing about having him dead on his tree .
` ` but you know , the only thing i ' ve really learned about dealing with gods is that if you make a deal , you keep it .
the only odd thing about me was that i 'd been struck by lightning .
that was another thing that was going to grow old very quickly .
for one thing , there are hair matches already .
it was the only thing i owned , something nobody could ever take from me .
the last thing i hear , before madness and demons consume me , is the tunnel filling with my anguished , uncontrollable death howls .
right now she could only discern one thing from sam .
` ` talking to nightstalkers for one thing . ''
only thing out of place in his orderly appearance .
the only thing she could n't determine was where they should pick up after arguing , then fighting trolls , then her apologizing .
turning her head to lanna , evalle said , ` ` i do n't want to be rude to you , but the last thing i want to talk about is what happened back in treoir . ''
for one thing , the old tale was not first told or invented by this poet .
for one thing it is under grave suspicion in many places ( both applied to grendel and otherwise ) of being a corruption of gast , gest ' stranger ' ; compare grendel 's title cwealmcuma , 792 = walgast , 1331 , 1995 . in any case it can not be translated either by the modern ghost or spirit .
the only thing i knew for sure was that i could not let zoe get sucked into the alchemists ' schemes .
the only thing i felt from his work was the needle 's sting , but i knew powerful magic was working its way through me , magic that would give me a superhuman immune system and prevent me from speaking about vampire affairs to ordinary humans .
the only thing keeping me alive is that he keeps a hefty supply of liquor on hand .
` ` i mean , for one thing , i ' m taller than almost every girl here ! ''
besides , really , the scariest thing about this place was the old house itself .
it looked like i was the last thing on his mind .
if she had learned one thing , it was that worry never helped .
that was another thing about this fucking job .
this was the closest thing to happy he 'd been in a long time .
but that was n't the odd thing about the woman behind the wheel .
that was one good thing about the nigerians : english was their official language .
the worst thing about his departure from the cursors had been the lack of competent professional associates .
in war , there was no such thing as cheating , no rules , no mercy .
when he awoke , the first thing he noticed was a small but steadily growing pang of hunger in his belly .
the worst thing about the past several days was how the swamp had absolutely permeated her lower body .
gargoyles were fairly common guardian furies , often used in the fortresses and residences of the rich and powerful , and though their appearance could vary greatly , they all had one thing in common - they were built to be large , powerful , and intimidating .
it was one of the things that made a windcrafter 's veil different from one crafted with wood furies .
` ` one thing more .
it was an ugly city , run - down , deprived of any apparent virtue , where the only thing in greater abundance than slavery was misery .
` ` risking yourself in a battle is one thing .
` ` chill factor '' one thing i did figure out , from the mess of recycling piled on my bed .
it 's the one thing about them i admire . ''
she rose to her feet in one of those smooth , inhuman motions that comes standard - issue with djinn dna - assuming they have such a thing - and turned to face me , chin down , eyes fierce , smile fiercer .
the one thing kevin craved and never got ... respect .
the only thing that was similar about them was their figures : they were both slender , with small chests and narrow hips .
` ` the funny thing about mundies , '' jace said , to nobody in particular , ` ` is how obsessed with magic they are for a bunch of people who do n't even know what the word means . ''
if there was one thing she was learning from all this , it was how easy it was to lose everything you had always thought you 'd have forever .
` ` this silent brother thing . ''
now , though , as she tried to visualize her mother 's face , she realized there was one thing that was different in her memories of jocelyn : she could see her mother 's scars , the tiny white marks that covered her back and shoulders as if she had been standing in a snowfall .
the one thing she wanted more than anything else - almost anything else - was a shower .
spiderwebbing cracks fissured the glass - that - was - not - glass ; the last thing clary heard before the portal dissolved into a deluge of ragged shards was valentine 's derisive laughter .
that was one good thing about the gift , i supposed .
the whole ' yes , master , ' flick my ponytail thing ?
` ` the worst thing about this , '' he said hoarsely , ` ` is that i do n't always know what i want .
` ` i should ' ve found out first thing .
maybe it was a strange thing to notice , but he had beautiful feet , perfectly arched and elegant .
i smuggled butch out in my bag first thing , and we both wound up drenched .
` ` you sent me a mixture of burnt cat hair , ground bone dust , powdered stinkweed , and ... one thing i ca n't seem to isolate .
but my twin plaits and lack of makeup probably made me look younger ; another good thing .
she was gentle and kind ; the only good thing i could remember about my childhood after my mama died .
chance and min had become the closest thing to family i 'd known in years .
he 's the only thing left alive out here besides us .
i ' ve also got an amnesia thing going on .
` ` that 's the strange thing , shan .
that was one thing kim stressed ; we need to look the part , making people want to be cool like us .
the nice thing about the neighborhood , there were several tortillerias and taquerias within a couple of blocks , where i could buy rice and beans .
it was the only thing that explained his obsession with money - or rather , the fact that no amount could ever be enough .
the thing about adventures that they never put in fairy tales ?
` ` that 's the only thing keeping me going . ''
the cool thing about rolling with booke was that for him , everything was an adventure .
` ` now you ' ve got a total james bond thing going on , only you 're cooler because you do magick .
i mean , he 's got the godling thing going on .
the only thing i knew about opening gates between realms involved sacrificing a soul , and i damn sure was n't doing that .
the radiated imprint of those humans was the only thing that calmed her when she could n't get down to her sanctuary for a personal visit .
even though he 'd passed two years ago , she was still performing a kind of cpr on him : desperate to bring him back to real life , she was caught up in other people 's dramas , that urge to get in and help sometimes the only thing that kept her going .
sure , right after she released him , the hot water and soap got rid of his blood and the other stuff that coated his skin ... but the filthy dirty thing always persisted .
` ` sometimes they 're the only thing that fits . ''
sobbing in that restrained , manly way where he barely let any of it out , his choked inhales the only thing that clued her in .
but the only thing he 'd left behind was the scent of the shampoo and soap he 'd used : the cedar - y fragrance was on one of her pillows and some of her sheets .
` ` my mind is the only thing i ' ve got , my dear . ''
there were no problems with the secrecy , however : the good thing with being the darkest shadow among a legion of them was that when you up and disappeared , it was part of your fucking job and no one asked any questions .
matthias was not about to die , for one thing .
the thing i remember most about the meeting was how anonymous he was -- he looked more like an accountant than a spy .
the thing that had stuck out the most , though , was that she 'd noticed his watch had stopped : when she 'd called 911 , they 'd told her to see if there was a pulse and she 'd gone for his nearest wrist .
the breathing was the first thing he noticed .
the thing with liars was that you believed anything they said to you at your own risk -- not just the stuff you knew to be false .
the only thing he cared about was getting tonight over with .
there was just one thing missing ... and she paused to look over her shoulder again .
the hardest thing , at least in ad 's opinion , was knowing that it was going to happen again .
the only thing that was even close to a light at the end of the dark tunnel she was in -- and it was just a match strike , not a bonfire or anything -- was that she 'd followed through on the vacation idea .
laurence disapproved , for one thing , and aside from that , while the sailors were not very good , and he did not consider them his crew , exactly , certainly he was responsible for them .
passage is one thing .
` ` crafting a room full of legionares into a frenzy is one thing .
` ` there 's such a thing as knowing too much for your own good .
` ` the thing of it is , '' jay said , ` ` if kant finds that cache of information , he may get more than he bargained for .
the only thing was , he was dumb as a stump and twice as ugly .
jay winced ; his headache was already a blinding band of pain behind his eyes , the noise was the last thing he needed .
` ` funny thing about that , '' jay said .
the last thing i want is to find out when this gorgeous guy dies .
but then he would have to touch me , and the last thing i want to see is how this gorgeous guy will die .
that 's the thing i love about raven .
` ` the first thing you should know about me is that i hate secrets .
the only thing that bothered me was her belief that i killed the plants on purpose .
it 's the strangest thing in the world , touching her and not feeling her death .
it 's become a daily thing for me .
chapter 4 i drive to school in my mom 's car , cranking up the music because it 's the only thing that will block out the dark thoughts in my head and the quiet around me .
the only thing i have going for me is that no one has yet to make a move on me and there 's no way i ' m sticking around to find out if they 're going to .
the last thing i want is to turn into death ; into a reaper .
the only thing that 's different is the absence of mackenzie baker sitting on the sofa .
` ` the last thing i need is to be weakened by emotions , especially when you need me . ''
seconds later , it falls off of me , and the only thing remaining are the sleeves .
one thing about demons - they love to spit acid .
but the best thing about sol 's , to jazz callender , was that it was n't a cop bar , and she was n't likely to run into anyone she 'd ever known .
for one thing , jazz was used to blending in , slumping , avoiding people 's eyes .
` ` that 's not the weird thing . ''
last thing i need is a lawyer going all sweet on me .
` ` the thing about hiring what you call leads ?
` ` not a damn thing , '' she said .
at the ill - fitting sport coat , the prison - styled hair , the shirt and shoes so cheap they were the next thing to disposable .
the important thing with gregory , as with all beautiful wild animals , was to never take your eyes off him .
the only good thing about it , from lucia 's point of view , was that the clock safely ticked over well past noon , and the deadline , so far as gregory had described it , had passed .
the last thing i need is more sleep .
one pure thing .
` ` look , i ' ve been on the road for what feels like a week , and if we 're going to do this , the last thing i need is a full bladder , if you know what i mean . ''
that was one thing i had n't seen in many interviews with the band - how everything really got going , what inspired them all as individuals ?
shoving seemed to be his thing .
that thing where i rarely blushed ?
chapter twelve one thing about staying on a tour bus is the lack of hygiene .
the last thing emeritta needed to hear was that i hooked up with robbie .
that 's the only good thing about demons .
the fact that he did n't love me was the only thing that was keeping me alive .
the thing about paris is that it really did look like all the movies i 'd seen - paris in the springtime , charade , funny face .
if i kept f**king up , i would lose what little thing we had left .
there 's no such thing as doing your job and being a bloody prick , and you 're being the latter at the moment . ''
it was a terrible thing to know something was your fault , even though it was beyond your control or intention .
the only thing i could control was how i dealt with it .
the last thing i saw before the cavern collapsed entirely was jacob , looking at me through the dust .
for one thing , it was too big .
he did n't keep appointments for one thing .
the other thing - and it was this , he averred , that led to his downfall - was that the wizard was covering his eyes with one hand .
more scarred , for one thing .
for one thing , he was hardly ever in , except to change out of his muddy clothes .
the alchemists , for one thing .
that was the strange thing about holy wood .
here , the most important thing is to be important . '
darkness was the same thing .
' well , for one thing he was eighty .
funny thing is , i thought i was on to something this time .
that 's the thing about the weatherwaxes , see .
it 's a strange thing about determined seekers - after - wisdom that , no matter where they happen to be , they 'll always seek that wisdom which is a long way off .
it was the nearest thing she had to a hobby .
' the last thing we want is foreign parts up close . '
as boots , the only thing wrong with them was the colour .
most dwarfs were off earning big money in the cities down in the lowlands , where it was much easier to be a dwarf - for one thing , you did n't have to spend most of your time underground hitting your thumb with a hammer and worrying about fluctuations in the international metal markets .
one thing about granny weatherwax 's broomstick - it was one of the very i old - fashioned ones , built in the days when broomsticks j i * nanny ogg sent a number of cards home to her family , not a [ single one of which got back before she did .
for one thing , the bird refused to be terrorized .
' it 's the only thing that matters .
the third thing the people noticed about vorbis was his height .
the second thing that people noticed about vorbis was his eyes .
` ` i find healthy exercise is the thing , '' said nhumrod .
hanging around is another thing tortoises are very good at .
for one thing , it could lead to your feet being chopped off .
and the thing about brutha 's flame of belief was this : in all the citadel , in all the day , it was the only one the god had found .
they swarmed in the darkness , without memory but driven by hope and lust for the one thing , the one thing a god craves - belief .
that was the thing about deserts .
the first thing he saw was the light , slanting through a window .
for one thing , she 's not beautiful .
` ` that thing that got me- '' yes ?
for one thing , he kept them rare .
the thing about the librarian was that no one noticed he was an orang - utan anymore , unless a visitor to the university happened to point it out .
` ` at least the thing about queening , '' said granny , ` ` is that no one notices if you 're doing it wrong .
raising power at the stones , for one thing .
the thing about it , the thing that made it so noticeable , the first thing anyone noticed about it , was that it was very long .
the thing about it , the thing that made it so noticeable , the first thing anyone noticed about it , was that it was very long .
the thing about it , the thing that made it so noticeable , the first thing anyone noticed about it , was that it was very long .
for one thing , although most of the staff were called by their last names mr . brooks shared with the cook and the butler the privilege of an honorific .
one thing you had to do when you were queen , she knew , was put commoners at their ease .
that 's the thing about quantum .
` ` the thing about elves is they ' ve got no ... begins with m , '' granny snapped her fingers irritably .
the thing about words is that meanings can twist just like a snake , and if you want to find snakes look for them behind words that have changed their meaning .
for one thing , you ' ve already got everything .
the thing about casanunda , she recalled , was that the harder you slapped him down the faster he bounced back , often in an unexpected direction .
` ` like there 's no such thing as a choice .
that was the thing about bees .
that 's the thing about being alive .
` ` that 's the best thing about black , it does n't show the soot , '' said nanny ogg vaguely , dusting herself off .
that was the thing about elves .
` ` well , there 's such a thing as style , '' said casanunda .
` ` there 's such a thing as subtlety .
for one thing , you were n't tripping over shoes all the time , and there probably was n't much chance of a sword - wielding husband opening the door .
they concerned crossbows , for one thing .
` ` that 's the thing about death , certainty . ''
she knew there was such a thing as heroic odds .
` ` that 's the thing about witchcraft , '' she said .
that 's the thing about the future .
the other thing about constable carrot was that he was incapable of lying .
that was the thing about death .
' it all works , that 's the funny thing , ' said carrot .
in many a faraway battlefield the last thing many a mortally wounded foeman ever saw was corporal nobbs heading towards him with a sack , a knife and a calculating expression .
' the thing about this axe , ' said cuddy , ' the interesting thing , is that it 's a throwing axe .
the first thing he saw was the concerned face of nobby .
for one thing , neither of them were great readers .
in the end , cuddy remained faithful to his axe , but added a couple more as an afterthought ; sergeant colon chose a pike because the thing about a pike , the important thing , was that everything happened at the other end of it , i.e. , a long way off ; lance - constable angua selected , without much enthusiasm , a short sword , and corporal nobbs- -corporal nobbs was a kind of mechanical porcu- pine of blades , bows , points and knobbly things on the end of chains .
' that 's the thing what big fido ca n't get his mind around , see ?
bit of a dichotomy , sort of thing .
he started meddlin ' , and next thing a mere chit of a girl- where 'd you go ? '
for one thing , a wizard in his very soul is loath to wear any garment that does n't reach down at least to the ankles , so there was quite a lot of leather .
' you know the funny thing about him ? '
' better clothes , for one thing .
after six months on the island , in fact , there was only one thing rincewind lacked .
the first thing that struck rincewind when he appeared on the counterweight continent was a cold sensation . '
that was one of the few things everyone knew about the place .
the people were watching him with expressions of rapt attention , but that was n't the only thing they had in common .
so there was another valuable thing to know about the empire : no - one looked at peasants .
another thing about the horde , mr saveloy had noticed , was their ability to relax .
the word tomb had presented itself for his consideration , and one thing rincewind knew about large tombs was that their builders were often jolly inventive in the traps and spikes department .
her voice , for one thing .
they were only two letters apart , for one thing .
that was the good thing about black .
the interesting thing was the way in which people contrived to keep one hand higher than their necks in case of accidents .
for one thing , he had on evening dress obviously designed for someone of a different shape .
' y'see , ' said nanny , trying to get the stiffness out of her limbs , ' the thing about esme is , she 's stupid ... ' ' mmf ? '
' incidentally , another thing i ca n't stand about opera , ' said salzella , rising to his feet and reeling crabwise towards the curtains , ' are the plots .
the infuriating thing about nanny ogg and granny weatherwax , agnes thought later , was the way they sometimes acted in tandem , without exchanging a word .
for one thing it seemed to have too many dimensions , not exactly visible , just hovering out of eyeshot .
the only thing missing was colour .
for one thing a party of wizards was even now drawing near , alerted by trymon .
owing largely to inefficiency rincewind had consistently failed to die at the right time , and if there is one thing that death does not like it is unpunctuality .
for one thing , cohen had made an effort to comb his beard .
another thing bethan had learned was that there was no real point in trying to understand anything twoflower said , and that all anyone could do was run alongside the conversation and hope to jump on as it turned a corner .
' when you ' ve advanced in the craft , lad , you 'll know that there are times when the important thing is success . '
the important thing about having lots of things to remember is that you ' ve got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them , you see ?
it was brightly decorated , for one thing .
no one wore stockings , for one thing . '
that 's the thing about gods .
well , he went away happy , and that 's the main thing .
it 's a strange thing that when everyone becomes educated , everyone knows about the pronoun but no one knows about the sago - sago .
she 's going to have a whole bag of word games , for one thing .
no chimneys , for one thing . '
the second thing the eye was drawn to were the staircases .
first time he 'd ever seen the senior wrangler burst into tears , for one thing .
that is to say , their curiosity was the curious thing about them .
for one thing , we have n't had any warships since the mary - jane sank four hundred years ago .
' i was just asking his highness what ' ' -and if you , your highness , and you , mr ... my word , what a big sword , and you come back here and take your place among the honoured guests , and we 'll be ready in a brace of sheikhs ... ' what a thing it is to have a copper 's mind , vimes thought , as the great file of wizards and guests tried to form a dignified and orderly line behind him .
one of the things that made leonard such a rare prize , and kept him under such secure lock and key , was that he really did n't see any difference between the thumb and the roses and the pencil - sharpener and this .
habit is a wonderful thing .
portraits were another thing that had been collected out of unregarded habit .
but ... ' memory lane for colon had turned into a bad road through a dark valley ' ... well , when your best mate 's got an arrow in his eye an ' there 's blokes and horses screamin ' all round you and you 're scared shi -- you 're really scared , an ' you come across one of the enemy ... well , for some reason or other you ' ve got this kinda urge to give him a bit of a ... nudge , sort of thing .
in the centre there rose the bulk of constable dorfl , and a key thing about the golem was that if he was banging a drum then no - one was going to ask him to stop .
another important thing about the boat , thought sergeant colon gloomily as they slipped back into a blue twilight , was that you could n't bale out the bilges .
for one thing , most of it had no roof .
' do you have such a thing as a biscuit about you , sir ?
one thing about a zombie , you always knew someone who had a needle and thread .
just the thing with cheese . '
look at lemmings , for one thing . '
and you know the really annoying thing ?
the thing about late - night cookery was that it made sense at the time .
' yeah , well , it 's a funny thing , ' he said , ' but .
for one thing , a lot of the people standing and chatting around the carts were wearing leather .
it was one thing to know you were on a journey , and quite , quite another to see your destination on the horizon .
come on ... ' that was the thing about fire .
of course , as any teacher would point out , one nice thing was that there were no children in it , and particularly no jason .
that was the thing about the sea .
said jeremy , as igor hurried into the hall to open the front door because , whatever he thought about her ladyship , there was such a thing as tradition .
it was the only thing that could give .
but the most striking thing about her was ... was everything , lobsang realized , everything from her expression to the way she stood .
if there had been such a thing as time , it would have been a few minutes after susan and lobsang left that a small robed figure , about six inches high , strutted into the workshop .
' the thing is , i mean , there 's times when you look at the universe and you think , ` ` what about me ? ''
there 's the whole stretch under the trees , for one thing .
` ` but the thing about saving the world , gentlemen and ladies , is that it inevitably includes whatever you happen to be standing on .
and the thing is ... the big thing about cohen is ... he 's contagious . ''
the nice thing about indefinite studies was that no one could describe exactly what they were .
all right , he was going to get a whole mail coach out of this deal , but there was such a thing as professional pride .
chapter 4 the important thing about adventures , thought mr bunnsy , was that they should n't be so long as to make you miss mealtimes .
for one thing , it was surrounded by rats who were big and well - fed and tough , so its body was respectfully saying sir as hard as it could .
the thing about this girl , maurice thought , was that she was no good at all at listening to the way people spoke .
one good thing about being a cat , apart from the extra lives , was that the theology was a lot simpler .
'cos the thing about turning people into badgers and all the rest of that stuff is this : it never happens round here .
the thing about stories is that you have to pick the ones that last .
he 'd show a refreshing lack of compunction about pulling that trigger , for one thing .
for one thing , they can be in many places at once .
and he saw plots and spies everywhere throughout his waking hours , and had men root them out , and the thing about rooting out plots and spies everywhere is that , even if there are no real plots to begin with , there are plots and spies galore very soon .
that was one thing about carcer , at least - he would n't shoot you in the back if he thought there was a reasonable chance , pretty soon , of cutting your throat .
because one thing rust was n't , was a coward .
now the funny thing about me , it 's a little habit of mine , is that i never ask a question twice .
one thing vimes was learning fast was the natural vindictiveness of old ladies , who had no sense of fair play when it came to fighting soldiers ; give a granny a spear and a hole to jab it through , and young men on the other side were in big trouble .
for one thing , it was so covered in mistletoe that it looked green even in midwinter , its fruit was small and went from stomach - twisting sourness to wasp - filled rottenness overnight , and although it looked easy enough to climb it had a habit of breaking twigs and dislodging feet at inconvenient moments .
` ` the first thing to remember about borrowing is that you must be comfortable and somewhere safe , '' she said , smoothing out the grass behind her .
they all had one thing in common , though .
the bed was too chilly , for one thing .
the funny thing was , he seemed to find this fascinating .
i can do magic on honest soil , and rock is always fine , and i ' m not too bad on clay , even ... but chalk 's neither one thing nor the other !
` ` the important thing about magic , '' she added haughtily , ` ` is to know when not to use it . ''
they were different sizes , for one thing .
` ` the thing about witchcraft , '' said mistress weatherwax , ` ` is that it 's not like school at all .
' well , the thing about the obvious , ' said miss level , ' is that it so often is n't ... did mistress weatherwax really take off her hat to you ? '
for one thing , it lifts the hut off the ground and carries it away on its back across the veldt , settling it down over any patch of nice grass that it finds .
if there 's one thing a feegle likes , it 's knowing that wherever you strike you 're going to hit an enemy .
and that was another thing about petulia .
you have this thing you call ... boredom ?
the first interesting thing about angels ?
the second interesting thing about angels , mr lipwig , is that you only ever get one . '
' but that 's the thing about golems , ' added miss dearheart , standing in the doorway .
the important thing at a time like this was to spot the right moment to run , but they 'd got here through a maze of dark passages and this was not a place you 'd want to get lost in .
and that was another thing about gryle .
that was the thing about artificers : they loved explaining .
the wonderful thing about the golden suit and the hat with wings was that , if moist took them off , he was n't him any more .
if there 's one thing a wizard hates , it 's having to wait while the person in front of them is in two minds about coleslaw .
balance is the thing .
there was such a thing as common politeness , after all .
that was another strange thing : the cottage was full of cobwebs , which miss treason ordered tiffany never to touch , but you never saw a spider .
there was the thing about black , too .
roland was ... well , the thing about roland was ... the main thing about ... well , the point was ... he was there .
and the thing about pointy hats was this : the person under one was definitely a witch or a wizard .
that was the thing about witches .
` ` a strange but useful thing for a girl to have . ''
she found virtue easy , for one thing .
` ` the first thing a hero must conquer is his fear , and when it comes to fightin ' , the nac mac feegles do n't know the meanin ' of the word . ''
the first strange thing about it was that the logs were also of the same ice .
if there 's one thing that really annoys a god , it 's not knowing something .
he did n't have a beard , and the only thing his rather grubby robe was trimmed with was frayed edges .
anglers reckon that a good dry fly should cunningly mimic the real thing .
the only thing that could have disturbed his mood was actually catching a fish , because catching fish was the one thing about angling that he really dreaded .
the only thing that could have disturbed his mood was actually catching a fish , because catching fish was the one thing about angling that he really dreaded .
it squirrelled around in his head as he sat and sneezed guiltily by the fire , because being ill was another thing gwladys did n't hold with .
' i thought one thing you could be sure of when you were dead was a good night 's sleep . '
funny thing about eyebrows , he mused .
that was n't the most unpleasant thing about it .
and the strange thing about the quiet way death spoke the word was this : it was louder than the roaring of the storm .
the last thing rincewind saw before he was dragged away was the librarian .
for one thing , the participants were enjoying themselves .
the only thing incandescent about the luggage was its rage .
' it affects you as much as you affect it , sort of thing .
' funny old thing , life , ' he said .
the first thing he saw was his left arm and , surprisingly , his hand .
we 'd all be outnumbered for one thing . '
' fifteen years , for one thing .
when you die , the first thing you lose is your life .
the pillars , for one thing .
he grabbed ptraci 's arm and staggered back to the camel stall , where the creature was still cudding and watching the scene with the nearest thing a camel will ever get to mild interest , and snatched its halter .
he always knew what to do , that was the main thing about him .
` ` that 's the main thing , is that . ''
there had been the funeral of herbert gaskin , for one thing .
more bruised for one thing .
` ` and the thing about legends , of course , is that they are legendary . ''
it was far older , for one thing .
crowning the king , for one thing .
when dragon fought dragon , height was always the thing ... errol balanced on his flame .
for one thing , it lasted the rest of his life .
for one thing , i was n't certain he 'd tell me the truth if he thought it would upset me .
aloud we 'd started calling him wyn because my aunt had made his full name a thing whispered in the dark with blood and pain .
their laughter was the last thing i heard as the dream faded , and i woke sitting bolt upright in the bed between the men .
i had seen him nude , because most of us had no problem with nudity , but getting a glimpse of a man without his clothes is not the same thing as looking up the line of that same body as it kneels over you , and you know that this time everything that body promises is about to be yours .
his gray eyes , the most uncatlike thing about him , and her black ones had almost the same expression in them .
which , at the moment , was the most horrifying thing about all this .
` ` the only thing that scares me is how rhiannon uses me to torture your brother , because he 's a murdering bastard . ''
and one thing her father always taught her ... never let an obvious opportunity pass by .
his body , hard and tight against hers , the only thing holding her up .
if there was one thing he could always count on from his large , less - than - social brother , it was his seemingly innate ability to feel nothing for anyone .
the only thing he ever wanted .
the last thing he remembered was her slipping that lovely body out of bed with whispered promises to return quickly .
the last thing she remembered at all was him bathing her , against her muttered protests , in fact .
if there was one thing he and the rest of the universe knew about his father was that the bastard knew how to pleasure a female .
the only thing she could n't control was his keen sense of ...
holding for ransom the only thing that had ever mattered to talaith these long , painful years .
if there was one thing izzy loved to do , it was laugh .
the last thing he wanted right now was for anyone to touch him .
she was female after all , and if there was one thing gwenvael the handsome knew how to do - it was how to handle a female .
it was the one thing about her father 's fortress and the surrounding towns that kept her sane - non - warring travelers who always had information she found of use .
laughing , they reared up and hugged , which left dagmar sliding off the dragon 's back , the only thing keeping her from falling to her death the grip she had on his hair .
and in all those years the one thing she 'd always known was that it was never a quiet affair .
yet the pain felt by the dragons who considered her family was a palpable thing , rippling through them all .
ghleanna sat at her desk , a mug of ale within arm 's reach but untouched - a rare thing for his sister - and her eyes focused across the room .
` ` when you look at how long we live , time is such a transient thing . ''
` ` betraying me is one thing , my lord .
perhaps it was a male thing , because keita never had qualms about walking away from any dangerous situation when she had to .
then again , the only thing keita the viper knew better was how to get herself into trouble .
even worse was that her height was n't the only thing that had continued to grow on little izzy .
the last thing esyld should ever feel was cold .
the last thing i need right now is for her to think- '' ` ` you 're a deserter ? ''
for while talaith 's dragon - human daughter may be sweet and innocent , rhian 's dragon - human cousins were definitely neither of those things .
it was that thing that had been missing when he watched her fol owing orders and flying into battle .
he adored bradana more than words could say , but if there was one thing they 'd always fought over , it was his rhona .
but if fighting the sovereigns these past years has proven one thing it 's that if we want to win , annwyl needs to lead them into battle . ''
because he was a northland warrior dragon , desperation was the last thing one ever saw from vigholf the abhorrent .
and the last thing he needs is more females babying him . ''
` ` if there 's one thing we both know about our oldest girl is that she 'd never leave her siblings except for a dragon she loved .
that was the thing about macsen , the thing that many enemy soldiers had learned over the years ... macsen did n't go down easy and once down , he did n't stay down .
the thing she 'd been missing for so long now .
then they laughed because some days it seemed like the last thing their children needed was them .
the last thing she needed at the moment was talk .
` ` and all i know is that the only thing we ' ve been doing the last five years is coasting .
although fal believed himself as charming as gwenvael the handsome , he did n't realize he lacked the one thing eibhear 's brother had in abundance : intelligence .
if there was one thing every cadwaladr learned to do at an early age , it was to be painfully aware of when their kin was doing something incredibly stupid .
if there was one thing izzy never tolerated , it was anyone saying anything negative about annwyl ; her aunt was her one true blind spot .
` ` one thing , izzy . ''
but the most peculiar thing of all was the tattoo covering the left half of his face .
deep inside , she wanted the same thing .
that is the one thing i have never broken , and i most assuredly would not break my oath to you . ''
` ` actually , i was thinking there is one thing i do miss most when we 're in sussex . ''
` ` several things tipped me off : one - the sweet car , '' he began , pointing his turquoise colored eyes in the direction of my vintage camaro .
i could n't do it - and the most frustrating thing about it was that i did n't have a clue why i was staring all moon - eyed at the new guy .
` ` that 's the thing about trust , it 's like love .
promises aside , he was exquisite - one of this world 's masterpieces - and i was the most normal , non - descript thing around .
i did - it was the most wonderful thing i 'd ever felt .
i opened my eyes , and the first thing i saw was his face , as awe - inspiring as ever .
i think i could get used to this immortal thing , '' she whispered .
i 'd rediscovered the last good thing remaining in my mortal life , when i 'd passed over into immortality .
while paul and i were far from best friends , he was the closest thing to a friend i had at osu , and someone who 'd shown an exceptional level of concern and kindness for me .
the cold hard truth 's the only thing that gets through to this girl .
the most dreadful thing of the whole encounter was my terror he 'd disappear at any moment .
the buckskin colored foal standing beside william on a lead , was the only thing that could have distracted my attention from the beaming face of the one whose gifts to me were more thoughtful and all - knowing than i would have known to ask for .
things like food , drink ( namely , coffee in my case ) , sleep , and physical intimacy .
the only thing that kept me from wrapping myself around him again was cora and joseph 's proximity to us .
i tried to pull my shoulders back and inhale a dose of bravery , but i ' m sure my shoulders slumped lower than before and the only thing i breathed in was the bitterness of what - could - have - been .
here was the thing though , roaming in a foreign land , alone and feeling exiled made me feel more animal than human at times .
the only thing i was aware of was the fast - approaching ground and catching up with paul so he did n't come to a premature death ... at least pre - premature .
teleportation - the least flashy thing about patrick hayward .
if anything , patrick and i were more confused than ever with how to best approach my training and sometimes i thought the only thing keeping paul alive was my determination and inability to say goodbye .
the thing that was tearing me up inside , though , was n't his selflessness - as legend worthy as it was - it was that i could n't justify william possibly losing his life in exchange for paul certainly losing his .
hope was the most amazing thing .
` ` the only thing we can be sure of will be with us to the end . ''
i should have known , but of course the first thing my eyes found were his and they were drowning with concern .
the one thing about hate was that it was timeless , in the worst sense of the word .
chapter twenty - two sweet home montana the only thing that was more awkward than the silent ten hour flight back to montana was the drive home from the airport .
the thing about photos , though , was that they did n't change like minds do .
i just stared at his eyes , they were the only thing i could still see hope in , as misinterpreted as it likely was .
the last thing i heard him mention was our location and who knows what followed , coordinates , directions , or astrology , but when he turned around , joining his female admirers again , he asked , ` ` you have any morphers in this neck of the woods ? ''
` ` but there are these key characteristics women look for in a man : humility , intelligence , passion , that whole i'd - go - to - the - ends - of - the - earth - for - the - woman - i - love thing .
debbie -downer was n't generally my thing , but a girl 's got to do what she 's got to do to save her man .
you keep that kind of talk up and prude wil be the one thing i m not , he warned , tucking our bodies into a more tame , less tempting position .
i could nt let anyone make me feel unworthy without my consent ; that s what my mother had quoted to me over and over again , even when i rol ed my eyes at her in my teen years , but it was the only thing getting me through this .
i ve noticed the same thing , too .
one simple thing .
i got to tel you , bryn , panicked was , like , the last thing i expected you to be when you found out you d be with wil iam so soon .
you drive a hard bargain '' that s the great thing about having al the power , troy .
the hard thing about suffocating blackness was its ability to slow time to a near standstil .
the first thing i noticed was the light swaying above me ; it was one of those lights you saw in movies or documentaries depicting torture chambers .
knowing this was the only thing that kept me from going that final step towards breaking '' the anger over it kept me just north of crazy - land .
shoes with any kind of lift on them were a dangerous thing for me and , considering i had stairs to go down before i d be drudging through a quarter mile of sand to the surf line , shoes were the last thing i needed if i wanted to make it there quickly .
his eyes roamed over me , not hurrying and not missing a single thing .
patrick had nt moved from his location , his head the only thing moving when we rounded the corner straight - faced and heading right for our seats at the table , like nothing had happened .
diplomacys never real y been my thing .
sure , i might have preferred it to have begun a day or two after the conclusion to our honeymoon , but the only thing i real y preferred was being with him .
the last thing she wanted to discuss with her former mate was her current lover .
he 'd never asked for it , would never say it out loud , but he wanted the one thing she could never give him .
one thing he knew about anka , when something troubled her , she withdrew into herself .
but the one thing i know without a doubt is that my love for you is true .
` ` and time is one thing we do n't have if we want to keep everyone alive . ''
` ` so the magical thing is not hereditary ? ''
stopping in front of him , the first thing she noticed was the blood on his black turtleneck .
she was far too levelheaded , for one thing , and for another , her professional integrity demanded nothing less .
with this attitude , there was yet one more thing stacked against the angels prevailing .
as he lifted his arms to help her get to his waist , a subtle tugging registered in his hips , the kind of thing that he would have felt if she 'd been taking off his pants - the electric bolt that shot down into his cock was a surprise - and christ , he was glad that beam was flashing right at his chest and not in a southerly direction .
she was exhausted , for one thing - or had been before she 'd seen just about everything veck had to offer .
the thing was , it was in her very nature to take over : she was a perfect parasite , niggling her way in and replicating her essence until what she had entered became hers forever .
that was the thing with devina .
when he stood up , he had to rearrange an obscene morning erection - which gave him another thing to studiously ignore .
going by his face , it appeared as if the britnae ruse was still working : one thing you could guarantee about humans was a total freak - out if they got a gander at the real her .
the thing was , you could fight the enemy with your knives and your fists , but your own soul was nothing to wage war against , because there was no chance of winning that one .
man , if he could do one thing over since he 'd met the savior , it would be to have kept the guy out of devina 's lair .
and her leaving was the last thing he wanted - and the last thing he would get in the way of .
she could never get enough of him - he was her drug of choice , the only thing that mattered , the only thing she thought about .
she could never get enough of him - he was her drug of choice , the only thing that mattered , the only thing she thought about .
which was the only thing worse than their losing him in the first place .
too bad none of that mattered to the dark side of him : that element did n't give a crap whether kroner was a saint or a sinner - the killing , the taking had been the thing .
` ` what 's with the suffering thing ? ''
at this point , he had one and only one thing going for him : he actually was innocent and the law favored innocent men .
triangulating where the next bullet was going to land made jim fear a new career as a falsetto - assuming he did n't want to take for granted the whole bullets - can't - touch - me thing .
the last thing she saw before the doors were shut was veck 's expression of pain ... and then him slowly shaking his head back and forth ... back and forth .
` ` what 's the best thing about being an archangel ? ''
instead , the only thing eve smelled was wolf .
it was the only thing she remembered about that particular relationship .
the one thing she 'd never doubted was that alec was madly in lust with her .
there 's no such thing as honor among the damned .
the last thing alec needed while moving in for a kill was to be distracted by a phone call .
` ` that 's the thing , i do n't know .
` ` or maybe the only thing to smell was mark .
it 's another thing altogether to feel their pain as if it was your own .
it was the last thing i needed .
the last thing i was thinking about was answering the phones properly .
the creepiest thing was that i woke up in the middle of the night absolutely drenched in sweat .
the last thing i needed or wanted was for him to be worried about me .
men are the last thing on my mind right now , especially someone like that .
and the most disturbing thing of all was that i kind of wanted it , too .
now i knew one thing that made dex tick - when he did n't know something .
i felt like he would be the last thing i would ever see .
because my lips were only inches from his , the last thing i wanted to do was breathe my stinky breath all over him .
the only thing that felt worse was the uneasiness and panic that also coursed through my veins .
the last thing i wanted was to be taken advantage of .
there 's one thing i ' ve learned about the dead : they do n't like to learn they are dead .
the only thing i do know is that it 's dangerous and i ' m compelled to keep doing it .
that was the thing about camping .
the only thing left outside of the numbness was the instinct that some little girl was drowning in the waves , somewhere near me .
` ` ok , for one thing their feet did n't just fall off like that .
we ran in silence and as fast as we could while trying to avoid the tangles of bushes at our feet , darting in and out between the trees , ducking beneath the branches , our hands the only thing keeping us together in this blind marathon .
i had a nice face , i knew that , so if that 's the only thing brock noticed , that was fine with me .
that was the one thing missing from all of jenn 's perfect smiles : sincerity .
he was the furthest thing from fine and even if it was just a panic attack , that was nothing to brush off .
the only thing that remained was that open , fathomless hole that was her mouth .
the only thing on my radar was the evening .
another thing that made me think tonight was going to be different from any other night .
i wanted to give her licorice from the washbasin and ask her to stay for cake but i quickly realized the lake was the only thing she aware of now .
the only thing that kept me going during this time , this second round of heartbreak , was looking after the baby and waiting for her to be born .
the next thing i found weird , aside from the gross stench , was the silence .
the last thing i needed was for her to wreck herself even further .
besides , the last thing perry needed was to feel my hard - on on her hip , even though it was f**king tempting to let her know what she was doing to me .
the funny thing was , i almost wanted her to think less of me .
after perry quit and after i had my little downward spiral full of shame and loathing and cheetos and bourbon , the show was the last thing on my mind .
the only thing i heard , the only thing i responded to , was rage .
the only thing i heard , the only thing i responded to , was rage .
the funny thing was i expected to see abby haunting me now that perry and jenn were gone .
that was the ball - sucking thing about heartache .
the great thing about dean was that we never talked about anything too serious .
that was the thing with rebecca .
she still felt some kinship with perry , the very thing i still felt , and the fact that we were both to blame for our relationship 's destruction was always on the surface .
the last thing i wanted after nearly dying in the mountains at the hands of a lunatic and the teeth of a motherf**king sasquatch was to have her out of my sight .
it was stupid and selfish and immature to think i should be her world and her only world , the only thing she needed , but damn .
the thing was , i knew i sounded like someone in a horror movie , when there 's obviously something very wrong going on and the person stupidly says ` ` i ' m fine '' when they clearly are n't .
that was the thing i 'd instantly discovered about the city - it looked exactly as you 'd imagined it .
the only thing that kept me from wanting to kill him was trying to remind myself that he was crazy jealous of us , and i had to just pity him instead .
last thing i want is to be blindsided by my own pupil . ''
that 's the one thing that has n't changed . ''
her devotion to tradition was the only thing that was buying me time and saving me from my imminent slavery .
the only thing about it that reminded you it was a school was a colorful rainbow mural that stretched along the outside wall of the first floor .
the first thing i noticed was a change in the temperature and air quality .
that was another thing i found odd - i 'd never heard of an imaginary enemy before . ''
images of the twins from the shining were the last thing i needed in my head .
the thing about the building that made things extra eerie in the darkness was the way the floors were laid out .
when i woke up from my dreamless sleep , the first thing i heard was dex snoring lightly from his bed .
for one thing giles had drunk a deal of strong ale .
but the only thing more difficult than getting him to grasp an idea was getting him to let go of it .
for one thing , it was in black - and - white .
it was the second thing everyone noticed about him .
dragon had been right about one thing , at least .
' they say that the last thing a dying man sees stays imprinted in his eyes , sir . '
of course , the thing about things that were stolen was that the bloody things were n't there .
she always knew where carrot was , for one thing .
the last thing they felt was a hand gripping each of their ears , and the last thing they saw was his forehead , approaching at speed .
you stared straight ahead , for one thing .
the only thing wrong with that goddamned plan of julian 's is the part where everybody gets killed .
it 's the warmest thing in him , his love for you . ''
the last thing i wanted was to fall in there again .
` ` you know the thing i like best about human beings ? ''
the world did that liquid - shimmy thing , but i stayed upright and reasonably stable .
for one thing , she was fully capable of opening up the car to its fullest potential , and simultaneously hiding it from any observant highway patrol cars .
in some ways , his hands were the most striking thing about him .
` ` the last thing i want is you medicating me .
` ` mistresses are one thing .
` ` bold and stupid are n't the same thing , '' marcus said .
one fine thing about being up in the prow was that the ship 's sails hid him from view of the stern .
` ` that 's the next best thing to flying . ''
it was the only thing about him that might have been vaguely construed as a nervous reaction .
` ` but that is n't the same thing as seeing you in such pain .
clearly , it would seem that garados was the next best thing to a great fury itself , if not a full - blown superpower in its own right .
he 'd grown half a foot , for one thing , and added sixty pounds of muscle to the frame of a youth .
the one thing amara did not need was to lose perspective on the situation , but she could n't help it .
the only thing that prevented it was that it would have hurt a very great deal .
men blasting away with wind from solid ground was one thing .
the only thing that kept some of the cohorts from bolting was the certain knowledge that there was no escape .
it was the closest thing she 'd had to a bath in weeks .
but the only thing that is saving me from going crazy is knowing that i 'll be able to take that serum . ''
the last thing she saw was the beautiful watercrafter leaning down to place a gentle kiss upon her forehead .
the one good thing about the flood , he decided , about the freezing water , was that he could no longer feel the cuts on his feet .
` ` the thing about all of this , isana , is that you 're too naive to be as afraid as you should be .
kitai sniffed ` ` when i return with the blessing before you , i will have defended my sire 's honor in a trial before the one i will be an adult and may choose where i live ` ` ` ` and you want to live with hashat , '' tavi said kitai blinked and looked at tavi ` ` yes ` ` tavi studied the other boy ` ` do you , uh are you sweet on her ' '' kitai frowned , pale brows coming together ` ` no but i wish to be a part of her clan to be free with her clan not to plod around with doroga and his stupid sabot '' he glanced aside , to be sure no one was close , apparently , and confided m a low voice to tavi , ` ` they smell '' tavi lifted his brows , but nodded ` ` yeah i guess they do ` ` ` ` aleran , '' kitai said ` ` my sire is right about one thing you have courage it will be an honor to face you in a trial but i will defeat you do not think that this will end in any other way , despite whatever spirits are yours to call ` ` tavi felt a scowl harden his features kitai 's eyes narrowed , and he stepped back a half pace , one hand falling to the knife at his belt ` ` i do n't have any , '' tavi said ` ` and back at my steadholt , we have a saying about counting your chickens before they ' ve hatched ` ` ` ` my people eat eggs before they ' ve hatched , '' kitai said , and stepped to ward the coiled ropes ` ` i thought you might make it out alive , aleran , thanks to your spirits but we will only need to use one rope before dawn ` ` tavi started to say something quick and heated back , but fade 's hand gripped his shoulder abruptly tavi turned to face the slave fade frowned at him , his scarred face hideous and concerned then he said , ` ` be careful , tavi '' and with that , he took the pack that had been slung over his shoulder and dropped it onto tavi 's the boy let out a breath at the sudden weight ` ` fade , uh maybe it would be better if i did n't take anything with me i 'll move faster without it ` ` ` ` marat stronger than tavi , '' fade said ` ` faster ` ` ` ` thank you , '' tavi said , testily ` ` i needed that kind of encouragement ` ` fade 's eyes glittered with something like good humor , and he ruffled tavi 's hair with one hand ` ` tavi smart there bag of tricks be smart , tavi important ' tavi tilted his head to one side , peering at the slave ` ` fade ' '' he asked the glitter faded from the man 's eyes , and he gave tavi his witless grin ` ` valleyboy , '' doroga called ` ` there is no time to waste ` ` tavi said to fade , quickly , ` ` if i do n't come back , fade .
at the same moment , the war birds let out a shrill , piercing shriek , terrifying from one such beast , but from the thousands below , the sound almost seemed a living thing all its own .
losing myself was one thing .
for one thing , nobody really sees your car ; they have an awareness of it , for traffic safety , but even the most vigilant of peace officers can look right at you breaking the speed limit ( and nearly the sound barrier ) and not feel moved to react .
venna was right about one thing : the two of us engaging in a little sexual adventure had n't bothered too many people .
i was sure the videographer had a great shot of me getting into the car , looking pissed off ; the only thing missing from a humiliating fleeing - the - cameras expose was me shoving the cameraman or giving him the finger .
one nice thing about having the djinn conduit on your side was receiving no arguments from the rank and file - no arguments of any substance , anyway .
instead , we 'd thrown their name into the public awareness , and we 'd given them the one thing i knew they did n't want : notoriety .
` ` same thing that 's always left , girly - girl . ''
one handy thing about the wardens coming out in public was that we no longer had to make do with covert ops - style equipment .
one thing about the unmaking ; it was pointed on both ends .
the last thing i wanted to do was debate prices while i was looking for this sad man 's girlfriend .
he had a sunny smile , the only sunny thing about this day .
for one thing , it would be wrong .
sheriff branscom had called the state crime lab , and they 'd said as soon as they got the body they 'd confirm the identification first thing , before they did their full work - up .
there 's such a thing as overdoing the gratitude .
but now that i was grown , the thing i valued most was the ability to shape my life as i wanted .
` ` the bad thing about him being halfway nice is that i almost do n't like lying to him , '' my brother said .
the only thing he knew was -- what could he have known ? ''
i wanted to sink into his bear - hug warmth and never come out again , because one thing about being with paul , he made you feel safe .
i did the hi - i'm - naked - no - i'm - not thing again , wishing patrick were n't so intensely scoping me out , and realized i had my hand flat against lewis 's chest .
the first thing i spotted after passing into the kitchen was the almost - there shadow of patrick 's ifrit , hiding in the gloom behind .
her eyes were the last thing to change , flickering from dead black to a deep dark amethyst .
well , one good thing about the voice , it derailed him completely .
maybe the last thing she needs is for you to come galloping to the rescue , that ever occur to you ? ''
for one thing , i was in another room - clean , this one , scrupulously martha stewarted , from the stacked pyramid of oranges in a low green tray to the matching rug and throw pillows .
no , it was as familiar as the power humming inside my own body because it was the same damn thing .
the one interesting thing about it was that she had a secret stock of mint chocolate chip ice cream stuffed in the back of the freezer .
one nice thing about being a djinn - dress and bounce out of bed , no rework on the hair or makeup necessary .
in any event , he could not avoid paying his respects to the rest of the company ; it was difficult to meet open stares with equanimity , and the only thing less welcome than the censure in many voices was the note of pity in others .
the last thing i needed was another mouth to feed .
wearing a token from my district is about the last thing on my mind .
and when they did have food , table manners were surely the last thing on their minds .
the only thing i feel is a desire to be somewhere else .
that 's the first thing i feel , which is ludicrous .
the one thing that distracts me at all is the view from the windows as we sail over the city and then to the wilderness beyond .
that 's another thing about my mother and prim .
when peeta wakes me later , the first thing i register is the smell of goat cheese .
one thing about us , since i bring our food home on a daily basis , most of it is so fresh you have to make sure it is n't going to make a run for it .
because if there 's one thing being a victor does n't guarantee , it 's your children 's safety .
the last thing he needs is an incentive .
the main thing i feel is a sense of relief .
really , if there 's one thing i do n't have time for , it 's worrying about how the quarter quell will affect the mood in the capitol .
besides , i ' m still angry with him for laughing at me along with the other victors , and the last thing i want is his sympathy and comfort .
the funny thing is , i ' m not nervous at all . ''
is n't it the thing i dreaded most about the wedding , about the future - the loss of my children to the games ?
i ' m thinking like a career now , and the first thing i want is to get my hands on a weapon .
but the only thing that distracts me from my current situation is fantasizing about killing president snow .
i feel that thing again .
the thing i only felt once before .
because if there 's one thing i know , it 's that cinna would never have approved the abuse of these three , who he managed with gentleness and patience .
words are another thing not wasted in 13 .
` ` remake her to beauty base zero , '' fulvia ordered first thing this morning .
distraction seems to be the last thing finnick needs , but i promise to pass on the message .
none of this would present much of a challenge , since the rebels have 13 's airpower on their side , except for one thing : at the center of the district is a virtually impenetrable mountain that houses the heart of the capitol 's military .
we were under attack in eight , for one thing .
on the night i feel that thing again , the hunger that overtook me on the beach , i know this would have happened anyway .
its emptiness was the thing that made it a haven for him .
the first thing ramon saw that morning , through a bloodshot haze of pain , was the alien 's face ; the long , twitching black snout with its blue and orange markings , the quills stirring in the wind and moving like the feelers of some huge insect .
elena would have killed him and any woman he slept with , for one thing .
time was a strange thing in the cell .
the only redeeming thing about it was that i knew the territory , and one of my best friends in the world had retired in okc .
in spite of every little damn thing .
when the only thing left was the dry whisper of the grass , david let his arms bend and slowly lowered himself to lie on top of me .
the only thing i had left was ... who to trust .
` ` the thing about being alone ? ''
it 's a funny thing about momentum .
the last thing to go ... the very last ... was my sense of hearing , as the synapses of my brain were drained of energy and the demon marks howled .
the first thing i felt was heat .
in the past , he 's always kept order - too much order for my tastes , but structure can be a good thing .
lousy habit , but the thing about guys ` ` which is an even worse that they 're too goddam smart for their own good .
the only things he could isolate were the auras surrounding the people going in and out of stores , stowing packages in their trunks , or getting in their cars and driving away .
for one thing , the set was no longer deserted , was it ?
the thing i just could n't seem to get over no matter how hard i tried was the thought of carl litchfield telling harold all the things i thought were private .
in that first terrible minute of understanding , he had wanted only one thing : to be dead himself .
the most interesting thing about him - old dor , i mean , not ed - is that i do n't think clotho and lachesis know about him .
there was little or no effort involved , for one thing , and although their feet were moving , to ralph it felt more like gliding than walking .
there was one thing about ka they did n't tell us , he thought .
the first thing he was aware of was that , while his own wedding ring was still in its accustomed place , ed 's was gone .
the only thing i really knew for sure was that this would n't be a day trip .
the thing about dating a doctor was that he 'd always been on me about taking better care of myself .
the only thing that really detracted from it all was that he was a skeleton .
the journey back was uneventful , the most notable thing being the afterglow that now burned between kiyo and me - something i now questioned the wisdom of .
the thing was , with that mark , he would be able to track me .
` ` the only thing that surprises me is that it took him this long .
he seemed comfortable with the silence which was not a thing she was accustomed to in men .
it was the only thing that got spector off anymore .
roulette was free , but one of the thugs had placed a hand on her shoulder , and she was very aware of all those guns , and if there was one thing she had learned from her police - officer father it was do n't fuck with a gun .
that 's one thing about living in a garbage dump , crime rate 's mighty low '' spector was silent .
the only thing missing was a sixteen - year - old girl , tall and slim , with straight , black hair and dark eves .
the last thing she wanted was for that gun to go off .
think of the riddles they both knew , for one thing . '
but that is another thing that makes me anxious .
' but caution is one thing and wavering is another .
the last thing that pippin saw , as sleep took him , was a dark glimpse of the old wizard huddled on the floor , shielding a glowing chip in his gnarled hands between his knees .
that 's another thing that 's bothering him .
' prudence is one thing , but discourtesy is another .
' for one thing , ' said theoden , ' i had not heard that they spouted smoke from their mouths . '
they can not be poisoned , for one thing ; and their skin seems to be very thick , and tougher than bark .
' there is one thing i wonder about , ' he said as he lit it with his flint and tinder : ' wormtongue .
for one thing , in that position one has a chance of putting a question a second time .
for one thing , he noted that gollum used i , and that seemed usually to be a sign , on its rare appearances .
the first thing he saw was gollum c ' pawing at master , ' as he thought .
certainly the ring had grown greatly in power as it approached the places of its forging ; but one thing it did not confer , and that was courage .
i count many things : stars in sky , leaves on trees , men in the dark .
' one thing also is short time for speech .
that gollum is n't dead , for one thing .
the whole , bad boy rocker thing .
the last thing she remembered was thinking about going in the army , then ... nothing .
flying was about the only thing that alther liked about being a ghost .
ah , boggart breath is a wonderful thing .
if there was one thing domdaniel enjoyed , it was hearing the last scream of a human being .
when the dragon had started to beat her wings against the wind and slowly lift herself out of the water , nicko had been horrified ; if there was one thing nicko was sure about , it was that boats did not fly .
the kale ale was generally pretty good , and there 's no such thing as too much flattery where mothers are concerned and , all right , the man had rather strange teeth , which seemed determined to make a break from his mouth , but none of us is perfect and what was there to lose ?
he had this ... thing about lord vetinari .
lavishes might sue and conspire and belittle and slander , but there was such a thing as good manners , after all .
and the funny thing about them was - ' the wizard raised his hands quickly , as if to ward off further words .
' that 's where you use pig 's trotters to thicken the broth so that when it gets cold you - ' ' you know , sometimes there 's such a thing as too much information ? '
' gladys , the thing about books ... well , the thing ...
but if treaties do not matter , and if there is no such thing as right and wrongcin other words , if there is no law of naturecwhat is the difference between a fair treaty and an unfair one ?
on my view the theories are not themselves the thing you are asked to accept .
but there is one thing we have not yet taken into account .
for one thing , the results of bad morality in that sphere are so obvious and press on us every day : war and poverty and graft and lies and shoddy work .
that is not the same thing as the love that exists in god : but it is like it - rather in the way that a picture drawn on a flat piece of paper can nevertheless be ` like ' a landscape .
but , if it did ... well , if there was one thing reen had taught her , it was how to protect her neck .
the most unsettling thing about kelsier and dockson had been their openness with her .
` ` because , marsh , '' kelsier said , ` ` humor is the only thing i ' ve got left .
` ` that 's the funny thing about arriving somewhere , vin , '' he said with a wink .
however , while i may wonder about my stature as the hero , there is one thing that i have never questioned : the ultimate good of our quest .
there is one thing that the ministry and my own people have in common , i think .
` ` well , he was old , for one thing . ''
there was only one thing in skaa lore that this creature matched .
` ` well , you need to learn how to walk , for one thing . ''
that was one nice thing about books and notes .
however , one thing i did learn to do was manipulate my father .
clubs could say all he wished about strategy and testing the walls , but from vin 's standpoint , the thing straff had gained most was even more fear and chaos inside luthadel .
the frightening thing about it was that straff might have gone along with it , assuming elend to be of no consequence , if the spy had n't sent warning .
` ` the only funny thing about your jokes is how often they lack any humor whatsoever . ''
the last thing he needed was her distracting him .
` ` that 's the funny thing about luthadel , lass .
` ` but you 're wrong about one thing . ''
` ` the best thing about you , lad , is that you can say that and sound serious ! ''
yet , the only thing she could feel was a slight sense of anxiety .
and , despite himself , he could think of only one thing that had changed .
the scent of her hair - unperfumed , but clean and crisp - filled his nose , the first thing he 'd smelled in three days .
as if they were an extension of her own body , the same thing she had felt when she 'd taken control of tensoon 's body .
the one thing they shared , however , was that they all lacked stability .
the deepness , the thing that we released .
the saddest thing about the beatings was that most of them were pointless .
khlenni fashion sense - suits for gentlemen , gowns for ladies - is another thing the lord ruler decided to appropriate .
she 'd learned from her earlier balls that there was one thing she could always count on : whenever noblewomen gathered , one always set herself up as the most important .
as frightening as things had gotten , he was happy for one thing .
for , if there was one thing in particular that he had learned by growing up in his father 's house it was this : how to annoy people .
there 's one thing i ' ve always noted about mistborn .
for one thing , he had left a lot of his coins with the villagers .
there was one good thing about ruin 's voice - it tended to warn her when people were nearby , even if it did always tell her to kill them .
the only thing he seemed able to twitch was his left hand .
for one thing , it was preservation 's sign to mankind .
it was a strange thing to feel at that moment .
he was n't even certain how he did it ; allomancy was often an instinctive thing for him .
there was one nice thing about a modern city like this ; it had a lot of metal .
that 's another thing the current establishment makes a mockery of , miles thought .
the only thing he noticed was two wide silver cuffs adorning both wrists .
learning about angels was one thing .
if she was here , and he was here , it only meant one thing .
` ` that 's the funny thing about mortals .
` ` you know , the strangest thing about julian is that i do n't think he 's touched a nephilim since he started following lily , '' remy continued .
it was one thing having her hand or mouth wrapped around him , and totally something else to consider that going in her .
the only thing misplaced was the black tie that hung around his neck undone .
the only thing he could tell was that she looked exhausted .
the only thing keeping me here was the hope that i could somehow help find the people responsible for mel 's death .
the last thing i remembered was standing and talking to hunter after he killed the ... alien .
it was why i 'd holed myself up in here , because self - control was a relatively new thing i was practicing in life .
there was definitely anger balling inside , but there was another thing - a thing i could n't quite name .
it was n't the only thing swelling .
that was n't the only thing that was different .
serena was a funny little thing , because as she spoke , her hand rubbed the aching length of me through the jeans .
that 's another funny thing about humans .
and i realized that in my seventeen years i had n't experienced the one thing that had always eluded me - true love .
wolves were n't the only thing on my mind as i tried desperately to fall asleep .
whenever he felt able he ran again ; the ground continued soft and springy , covered with the same resilient weed which was the first thing his hands had touched in malacandra .
at that moment ransom was deafened by a loud sound - a perfectly familiar sound which was the last thing he expected to hear .
its gait was perhaps the least human thing about it .
` ` yes , '' said oyarsa , ` ` but one thing we left behind us on the harandra : fear .
the last thing i need is for my best shifter to be banged up for ... what the f**k would that be called anyway ?
one thing could be said about pete : he was n't unintelligent , or slow on the uptake .
what it is like to travel in a celestial coffin was a thing that ransom never described .
the first thing sabelle noticed was that the woman looked healthier than before ... but not completely well .
besides , if marrok had taught him one thing since training the doomsday brethren in human combat , it was that he liked challenging his body , forcing his muscles to perform more difficult feats of strength every day .
the last thing ice wanted was everyone invading his personal space and secretly mocking how he lived .
the great thing is to slash at your enemy 's legs and feet because they are the part that have no armour .
` ` what a thing it is to know the coast , '' said trumpkin .
it is n't lucky for one thing : and it 's all nonsense for another .
the best thing of all about this feast was that there was no breaking up or going away , but as the talk grew quieter and slower , one after another would begin to nod and finally drop off to sleep with feet towards the fire and good friends on either side , till at last there was silence all round the circle , and the chattering of water over stone at the ford of beruna could be heard once more .
the first thing isana noticed was that the temperature rose noticeably - by several degrees , at least - in the few short feet she traveled .
he stood there , a silent presence against her senses , his concern a small thing beside the steady warmth of his love .
if there was one thing tavi knew , it was how to take advantage of being underestimated .
her cloak was finer , for one thing .
that was one thing he 'd noticed about the bloods he 'd seen on camp .
the last thing she needed was a bleed out .
instead the sound welled up with wonder and joy , as though being alive and able to make such a sound was the best thing in the world .
all different scents , different people , yet one thing linked them .
coordination and the whole walking thing ?
smelling himself on her was the most erotic thing he 'd ever scented .
that her dying brain had granted the one thing she wanted most in the world , him , and given her a glimpse of utopia .
there was too much of him , for one thing .
` ` that 's the thing about being undead .
the thing about boiling brandy is that it does n't boil for long .
and the last thing she wanted to do was to look at her own reflection , and never mind that her nose had n't swollen much .
she 'd never been worth it to him , for one thing .
a calm - before - the - storm thing .
i do n't want to check into a motel at three - thirty and be kicked out at noon , for one thing ; it 's bad value for my money .
the first thing he saw as he came out of the cafeteria and stood there , tucking in the back of his shirt with the hand that was n't holding his wallet , was a large lighted blue - and - white circle with the words travelers aid printed on the outer stripe .
there was no hurry , that was the nicest thing ; he 'd had all those accumulated off - days coming , and captain hardaway had n't been the slightest bit chintzy about giving them to him when he asked .
i think rape is the last thing on this man 's mind .
his touch was brief , but it still lit up her nerves like an electric shock , and for a moment he was the only thing she could see - his hair , his mouth , and most of all his eyes .
he might even sweep her into his arms , as they said in the romance novels ... she was reaching for her bag , wanting the comb inside , and beginning to slide into a harmless little fantasy of saturday morning - of bill tying the end of the plait with a piece of velvet ribbon , in fact ( why he would happen to have a piece of velvet ribbon on his person could go completely unexplained ; that was the nice thing about kitchen table daydreams ) -when her thoughts were interrupted by a small sound from the far side of the room .
the important thing was that they were always around , hanging on the fringes of whatever scene it was they wanted to be in .
the best thing about riding in a wheelchair , he was discovering , was people watched out for you .
that was the worst thing about his current stakeout position , of course , the way women so often went to the john in pairs .
if there was one thing she disliked above all others - except maybe for touchy - huggy - feely people - it was having her privacy invaded .
perhaps the most terrifying thing about the sensation was how much she liked it .
the first thing rosie saw was the armlet , glimmering softly in the dark .
the nice thing about that was the way it located the cocksucker friend for him , no problem at all .
the third thing was that she was beautiful .
her ass was smaller , for one thing , but that was n't the main thing .
her ass was smaller , for one thing , but that was n't the main thing .
it surprised him that rosie could be so still - if , that was , she was holding back - but he had either forgotten an important thing about her or not fully taken it in to begin with .
but one thing he knew : his brother hated shock .
if he knew one thing about sydney , it was that her dedication was unquestionable .
if he s ill , the last thing he needs is sex !
the only thing out of place was the snarling man secured by rope to all four corners of the bed .
now shock was the only thing standing between her and death .
the ears were the only thing that gave away the fact that doyle was n't pure unseelie sidhe .
he was welcome at the shining court , but he was truly a thing apart , as were some of the rest of us .
theory is one thing , though ; actually having that kind of power and being able to use it is entirely different .
but only galen , and rhys , had paid me any attention when i was just an unwanted thing , barely tolerated after my father 's death .
the first thing i noticed about him was his coat , not usually the first thing i noticed about the guards of the sidhe .
the first thing i noticed about him was his coat , not usually the first thing i noticed about the guards of the sidhe .
his hands clenched tight at his sides were the last thing he brought under control .
his body was the only solid thing in all that moving vastness .
but it was beautiful music , and the closest thing we had to a doorbell .
i could still hear the sounds from across the room , but i stared at mistral as if his face were the only thing in the world because if i looked away , i would have to see what was happening .
the first thing i noticed that was of this world and not the next was that my knees hurt .
it is their way , and one thing i lack .
the first thing ramon saw that morning , through a bloodshot haze of pain , was the alien 's face ; the long twitching black snout with its blue and orange markings , the quills stirring in the wind and moving like the feelers of some huge instinct .
the only thing i remember about you is how easy it was to kick your ass . ''
and really , he was the closest thing i might have to a true gentry resource .
for one thing , the others had been dressed in a sort of uniform .
the thing about cute little houses was the ` ` little '' part .
the thing about prophecies is ... well , people sometimes read the wrong things into them .
that was the great thing about dorian .
` ` there you go again with the macho protectiveness thing .
another nice thing about being with a non confrontational guy .
one thing about working in a bookstore is you have immediate access to print media : nocturnal admission is a treat for the senses , one of those rare jewels that emerges from the dark obscurity of small clubs and restaurants .
` ` modest is one thing , but jesus ... how high do these things go ?
one thing that never changed among humans : there were always those who wanted to get something for nothing .
` ` the same thing that made you eat a bag of taco bell food last night . ''
the only thing noteworthy was the way the other staff watched me now .
the only thing that bothered me was not knowing what had happened at the bookstore when - or rather if - doug came in this morning .
it was messier for one thing , with an unmade bed and piles of laundry on the floor .
if i did n't answer , the demon was likely to teleport on over , and that was quite possibly the only thing that could make this scenario worse .
the only annoying thing about seeing erik was that it required a visit to krystal starz - a stunning example of new age spirituality gone wrong .
the thing about sparing nice guys was that i always ended up lonely .
one thing i had learned about the archdemon was that he was not a morning person .
i 'd left behind a lot of things at emerald city : a position of power , a warm atmosphere , unlimited books and coffee ...
it was this thing he did sometimes , like he was peering into my soul .
one thing we 'd inherited from our chaste days was a set of several creative workarounds , mostly involving doing unto ourselves what we could n't do unto each other .
` ` one thing struck me ... what hugh said .
` ` i guess there 's no such thing as good winners .
the last thing i saw was his sea green eyes regarding me with both happiness and sorrow .
hugh had been right about one thing : being mortal changed everything .
it was the same thing i 'd felt earlier , an alluring , haunting pull that spoke to every part of me .
one thing about this condo was that the skyline view had come at the cost of work convenience .
it was n't an uncommon thing with mortals , one that often blindsided me .
distraction was n't the only thing i needed .
the nice thing about playing cyrano to a vampire was that his enhanced hearing meant i could keep my voice far below levels that gabrielle could pick up .
the one thing that differentiated them was , well , the fact that they were wearing blue satin demi bras over their clothes .
another toothbrush , for one thing .
i think holding on to that fury was the only thing that kept my shattered mind from completely giving in to insanity .
the odd tone of his voice was about the only thing that could have stopped me from gushing about what had gone down at erik 's tonight .
the only thing that let me know what they were was the fast fluttering of their hearts in the image .
the only thing that remained was the huge oak tree spreading its branches above the meadow .
doyle 's face was the first thing i saw when i opened my eyes , and i could n't have thought of anything better to wake up to .
one of the hardest things about all the men was tending everyone 's emotions .
the really surprising thing to me was that it fit , not just closely , but perfectly .
his mercy was also the thing his assassin had most likely used to lure him to his death .
i wanted to know that the swelling of his groin was not the last beat of his heart , the last thing he would ever feel .
the only thing that got me through it all was thinking about you and how you made me feel when we were together .
she was the only thing he had to live for .
` ` i 'd hate to know that hideous vomit - colored carpet was about to become the last thing i beheld .
the only thing he would like right now was her , wrapped around him .
his warm solidity against her was the only thing keeping her from flying apart .
the only thing he knew was that he had to get his poker face on , as the humans said .
the only thing she knew was neither of them was ash , and she wanted him , needed him to come put a stop to this ...
it was the only thing keeping her going .
i was having so much fun , the necklace was the last thing on my mind . ''
but i feared the only thing exploding was my heart .
` ` if she is back and luring you into her life , she can want only one thing . ''
the only thing average about her was her height .
` ` the only thing you feel is that i ' m the key to your freedom .
traitors could be relied upon for one thing only : to switch sides when doing so would most benefit themselves .
and shock ... was there really such a thing as being part vampire ?
if so , the last thing he needed was for richard gray to ` ` hear '' it .
` ` the great thing here , '' said cosser , ` ` is never to quarrel with anyone . ''
` ` making things clear is the one thing the d.d .
` ` there 's such a thing as loyalty , '' said jane .
the first thing he saw as he came into the village street was a farm cart .
` ` guv'ner , '' repeated the patient with great energy , ` ` you ha'nt got such a thing as a bit of baccy about you ?
almost the last thing he heard was wither beginning to chant .
the first thing he saw was a bag .
the only thing that made me able to bear it was just the pleasure of feeling the stuff peel off .
` ` well , there are the clothes , for one thing .
for one thing they all found that they were needing less sleep .
the first thing that she noticed was a little black object , about the size of a shoe , travelling along at the same speed as the ship .
he would n't fit into the cabin , for one thing .
and one thing about antony ... he was definitely demanding .
he looked down his long greek nose at me and i backed away from him.for some reason , he always smelled like pungent cheese.in a land where everyone was overly concerned with how they smelled , that was strange to me.just one more thing to dislike about this unpleasant man .
she was perfectly aware of what that one thing was , as she laid her arm on his shoulder , purposely putting her perfumed br**sts in his face.he closed his eyes again , inhaling deeply , resting his cheek against his soft cl**vage .
i all but ignored derek at swim practice , something that at first troubled him , then later pissed him off.he had conveniently forgotten that he was the one who had erred , the back - stabbing cheater.in his mind now , i was being a bitch.perception is a strange thing .
for one thing , shirley would love it if the shop closed ; she had been a bitch about it from the start .
' vikram 's the only good thing about living in this godforsaken town , i can tell you , ' said samantha .
probably she had got the wrong end of the stick ... misheard something ... ' the point is , about the only thing that motivates terri is the fear of losing her kids , ' said kay .
` ` change one thing that was , it all changes .
` ` is n't that the cutest thing ? ''
granted , the last thing she wanted was to run into a ` ` damned wolf '' , as her mother and pea always referred to them , but that was only because they were rude , dirty , uneducated creatures .
and your scent ... '' he shook his head as he thought about the deliciousness of it , ` ` its the most amazing thing . ''
the last thing i want to do is talk about him . ''
he was the only thing she could think of .
the only thing she wanted was to be with him .
but honestly , the only thing i found freaky about the principal is that faye is into his son . ''
he dropped his whole i ' m too good for everyone thing and was pawing after faye like a needy puppy .
they would remain inseparable , that was the one and only thing cassie could feel secure about now .
sometimes his predictability was her favorite thing about him .
` ` another thing you do n't know , '' she said , yanking her clothes out of the closet and stuffing them into a large duffel bag .
having this book in her hands was the closest thing now to having black john there in the room with her .
hunt - ing was the thing that roland had always loved most of all -the smell of the forest , the crisp tang of the air , the sound of the horn , and the feel of the bow as an arrow left on a true , hard course .
the one thing he knew for sure was that he badly needed to speak to his father .
is there such a thing as normal battle dress ?
all his life he had been bitterly jealous of peter , but one thing he had never been jealous of was peter 's coming ascension to the throne .
the older brother had murdered their father , for one thing ; thomas probably did n't feel much broth - erly love right now .
seeing his life 's work knocked casually apart like a child 's tower of blocks was bad enough , but there was another thing which had haunted peyna these last four years , something that was even worse .
in this expression , the dream - ing peter read one thing and one thing only : death .
for one thing bombur was immensely fat and heavy .
it made cassie remember when she and nick were together , and how sometimes his refusal to take anything seriously was just the thing she needed to get out of her own head and start having a good time .
candlelight was the first thing cassie noticed upon entering the cave .
` ` they call him a huge man , but seems to me his belly is the biggest thing about him .
ale was the last thing that he needed .
the last thing he wanted this morning was another confrontation with the chequy lion .
scarlett was right about one thing : never say never .
` ` stopping the ancestors from destroying the benefit is one thing .
' one thing i already noticed about this here town , ' he said , ' is that people 'll buy practically anything off a man in the street . '
one other thing that united the crew - although probably nothing could unite altogether andrews - was a readiness to believe that a dog could talk .
the thing about gargoyles , he reflected as he stepped back and headed down the stairs , was that they did n't get bored .
well , one thing i know is , words do n't hurt , ' said mr pin .
if she 's not the only thing that matters to you , then you should n't be here . ''
i nodded , still shivering , but the last thing i wanted from him at this moment was a hug , which clearly he was thinking of offering .
lewis held my hand , and sometimes the only thing real in the world seemed to be the pressure of his hold on me .
the only thing strange about her was the haunted , empty look in her eyes , and the fact that she seemed to have a longer and longer lag in responding to anything around her .
she had a good laugh , one that made you want to get in on the joke - the first thing about her i could n't quibble with .
too much color , too much sound , every heartbeat thundering from him was like a roar , his voice echoed in my head and deafened me , even the smells were too raw and immediate ... his touch was the only thing that soothed me , stroking through my sweaty hair , over my skin , grounding me gently back in the world .
for one thing , it was n't a memory .
the only thing that bothered me about him were the dark , steady eyes that did n't quite match the rest of his expression .
one thing about eamon : he was inspiring me to keep my cards close to my vest .
but weather 's a funny thing .
the scariest thing about it ?
i wondered why the hell he was wearing them ; was there such a thing as a physically imperfect djinn ?
well , one thing she was n't , was immune to a punch .
he looked tired , his haircut was at least a month past its expiration date , and he had a wicked five - o'clock shadow thing going .
the first interesting thing was just how dark his skin was - a rarity in the otherwise caucasian gentry of this portion of the otherworld .
the only thing i felt confident of was that pop - tarts were not cultivated natively in arizona .
the only thing i wanted less than to be a ruler was to be a ruler like him .
` ` that 's the funny thing , '' i said .
one thing you had to love about dorian was his unflinching honesty .
` ` and believe me , the last thing i want is to have the heir . ''
the one thing i felt confident of was that i did not want to face all of them at the same time .
the thing that gave me a fighting chance was that he 'd armed himself too well in his wariness , a gun in one hand and an athame of his own in the other .
hammond took this news bleakly , and laurence shared his dismay : pride was one thing ; principle implacable enough to sacrifice a throne for , something else entirely .
she has beauty enough , that 's one thing .
for one thing , the mob had now learned that a palace door can be opened by banging on it .
one thing the gods have not taken from me i can remember all that she said or did that night and how she looked from moment to moment .
some say the loving and the devouring are all the same thing .
i was still a girl ( which in many matters is the same thing as a fool ) and it seemed to me shameful that , in all my sorrow and care , i was so eager for the food when it came .
then , as a quite different thing , came the thought that my father would be dead .
and that is another thing about the voices of the gods ; when once they have ceased , though it is only a heart - beat ago and the bright hard syllables , the heavy bars or mighty obelisks of sound , are still master in your ears , it is as if they had ceased a thousand years before , and to expect further utterance is like asking for an apple from a tree that fruited the day the world was made .
and the very last thing desirable to riley at the present date was any suggestion of disobedience or recalcitrance , and all the more so if there were any sign it should be provoked by laurence or even amenable to him .
` ` i 'll be king , for one thing , '' shot back the bane .
the first thing gregor noticed was the heat .
the only good thing about the jungle was that it always had some light that was provided by the small volcanic eruptions on the floors of a network of streams .
for one thing , aurora and ares were exhausted from the jungle excursion and had to rest .
that 's the main thing he knew about her .
the only thing worse than fighting a giant scorpion was fighting a giant scorpion who was trying to protect her young .
boots was right about one thing : scorpions had eight legs like spiders ... .
the last thing you need is another head injury . ''
was it connected to his rager thing ?
the thing that unnerved gregor the most was the sound ares was making .
one thing he had learned from past experience : if temp was alarmed , there was good reason .
they were larger for one thing , nearer to ripred 's size .
there was his skin for one thing , and his smell for another .
but the closest thing his family had to a parent at the moment was gregor .
for one thing , it was henry 's joke .
that rager thing is n't going to magically disappear .
the last thing he needed was to throw up in front of these people .
the last thing he could do was sleep .
and then there was that warrior thing .
then there was that strange thing about recognizing temp ... he still could n't explain that .
that was one great thing about her .
the last thing gregor saw as they left the palace was vikus waving .
if rats were in regalia , they must have come for one thing : boots !
if there was one thing they all could agree on , it was how annoying the fireflies had been .
the main thing about the stream was that it was long and it had as many twists and turns as the tunnels in the maze .
that was one thing you had to give the rats : they enjoyed a good joke .
that was the thing about ripred : one minute he was about to kill you , and the next he seemed to understand it was all you could do not to curl up into a ball and die .
the one thing they had in common was that they were all made of stone .
` ` because ... i do n't know ... because we needed to get mareth back , for one thing .
his father 's health was just one more thing the underland had stolen from them .
the thing that drove him craziest about ` ` the prophecy of blood '' was the one stanza that appeared four times .
for one thing , she was way bigger than any dog he 'd ever brushed .
the last thing she wanted was to see her friend getting ideas in her head .
that was another worrying thing about juliet .
it was the first thing you noticed , after the glint in his eye .
the only thing most people knew was that they could stitch you up even better than the watch and did strange things in cellars and only tended to come out much when there were thunderstorms .
that was the strange thing about the street : if you were born there , people did n't like it if you started not to fit in .
one thing you had to remember when dealing with dwarfs was that while they shared the same world as you did , metaphorically they thought about it as if it were upside down .
getting the spins is the thing , but if i ' ave to think too much it do n't work . '
what might be called the camera in this case was the last thing one of the human fighters saw . '
' the interesting thing about ships is that the captains of ships have to be very careful when two ships are close together at sea , particularly in calm conditions .
i ' m not going to give you an edge , the last thing you 'll want to see tomorrow is an edge .
' you see , the thing about football is that it is not about football .
' and the thing about war is that it 's about war . '
and the thing about sticking to the rules is that it 's sometimes better than cheating . '
and yet , he had quickly learned one thing from being a king : the more authority you gained , the less control you had over your life .
if there was one thing aes sedai were good at , it was creating order .
for one thing , you ca n't be amyrlin .
the good thing about talmanes , however , was that he simply spurred his horse forward , face stoic , eyes betraying just a hint of amusement .
` ` one nice thing i ' ve noticed about getting older is that your body does n't seem to need its sleep as much anymore .
or perhaps she could sense the other thing , the fact that he 'd used that ... power .
` ` if there 's one thing we can count on with that woman , it 's that she 's scheming .
this bond was such a wondrous thing , but he was too unaccustomed to it .
if there 's one thing my time in the white tower taught me , it 's that there is a time for gathering and planning , but one also has to act .
she felt the oath fall over her like a physical thing , her skin growing tighter , prickling .
doing what was right was the most important thing in life .
the only thing distinct about the thing was the scar on its cheek .
the only thing she ever sensed from him these days was a cold anger , buried deeply .
and if there was one thing nynaeve hated , it was being powerless .
this is simply one more thing to be aware of . ''
but this thing i feel for him - this thing that blends my desire and my hatred like two locks in a braid - it is not love . ''
the only thing that moved was his dark red hair , blowing in the wind , thrown and spun .
that was a thing of wolves ; they could know the past and the future , yet keep their attention on the hunt .
` ` the thing i pity most is the fact that , despite all of this , i do n't believe she was ever in love with perrin .
` ` you are the closest thing to a lord this camp has , other than my stepson .
no , the horrible thing about the vision had been the complete lack of honor she 'd seen .
fortunately , if there 's one thing i believe i can rely upon , it is your curiosity .
the worst thing about being queen is not the things you must do , but the things that you can not '' .
if there was one thing androl had dedicated his life to , it was to never being useless .
one thing they learned was how to slice out a dream for themselves , a haven within their own mind , more controlled than regular dreams .
none had seen him recently , but time was an odd thing to wolves ; perrin was n't certain how recent their ` ` recently '' really was .
it was a heady thing , knowing how easily he could move .
normally , in war , at least a man could depend on one thing : that his skill would be placed against that of his foe .
well , if there was one thing mankind was not lacking , it was dead plants .
the only thing more discomforting than a stoic aiel was a grinning one .
it 's not the only thing the shadow has stolen from us recently .
` ` it 's likely to smell far less putrid than over here among the trollocs , for one thing '' .
well , the closest thing to him was logain himself .
` ` there 's an odd thing about diseases i once heard , fain '' , matrim cauthon whispered .
the scent , for one thing . ''
the only thing she was conscious of was jax 's weight and warmth next to her , his breath in her ear , and of sinking into the bed .
` ` you 're the only thing keeping me sane these days , nikki .
the only thing she registered was pain , intense and all - consuming .
john was n't much different in the real world than he looked in the aetheric - tall , well dressed , a little professorial if such a thing could be considered a downside .
for one thing , we were n't anything like the same .
cherise was always beach girl ; that was her thing .
no sign of sarah , which was lucky ; the last thing i wanted to do was put up with my sister 's cheery enthusiasm about her new beau right now .
for one thing , my aetheric vision was clouded , indistinct .
his percent accuracy rate , for one thing , which would have been a source of amusement to somebody like bad bob .
` ` battle 's one thing .
it was a beautiful thing to watch the growing light , to see the color coming to the palms clustered around the synagogue .
light - headed , empty , i craved all things and no one thing .
but the voices would not stop , and slowly , rolling over on my back , i looked beyond the entrance of the cave at the stars - just as i 'd always done , musing at the sheer cloudless clarity of it over the sandy wastes , the thing we call magnificence .
` ` ah , you do know one thing and that is misery , '' i said .
ravid 's hoarse broken crying was the only thing in the stillness that surrounded us .
but the strange thing about celeste was that she was far more affectionate and kindly than her words ever indicated .
the main thing with me is privacy .
let , s take it one thing at a time .
that was the thing about these feasts : the flesh was so fresh .
` ` well , the element of surprise , for one thing , '' said the expert , ` ` but his strength has probably been wildly exaggerated . ''
she asked for one thing : to stay close to him .
` ` defeating one of them is one thing .
cells , glands , chemicals - that , s one thing .
how was such a thing possible , that someone so advanced in years when the photo was taken should have the very same appearance now ?
the last thing phil wanted was to be a nuisance .
honestly , the only thing i wanted was to feel nothing .
that since you spent the bulk of your day dealing with the dead , the last thing you wanted was to have a ghost haunting you at home . ''
his lanky frame was pretty much the only thing noteworthy about him .
i squinted toward it , wishing i could get closer to see better , but also glad i could n't because being that close to a body was n't my favorite thing on earth .
the one thing that separated the cops from the criminals was that cops followed the rule of law .
if there was one thing i hated more than crying because i was sad , it was crying because i was angry .
` ` i do n't have a lab , for one thing , and it would take too much time and a lot more money than i can access to get one set up .
the only thing that had n't changed since that day was the desire for justice .
` ` her car , for one thing . ''
the only thing john volos loved more than power or money was being right .
that was always the worst thing about him .
so the last thing i wanted when i walked in was to find baba waiting for me at the kitchen table .
` ` the only thing aching is my ass . ''
the thing was , the bomb did n't look all that complicated .
the only thing more striking was his eyes : a deep blue rimmed with gray so light , it almost gleamed .
you said the only thing i could trust about you was your hatred of demons .
flirting with cute strangers was the last thing on my mind .
i felt so safe with him , which he 'd say was the last thing i should feel .
` ` what 's the only thing you told me i could trust about you , adrian ? ''
the only thing new was his frown .
the last thing i saw before we cleared the tunnel and the realm 's eternally dark skyline enveloped us was adrian turning toward the horde of minions that was almost upon him .
adrian 's hatred of demons was the first thing that made him struggle against his fate , but hate was never going to be enough for him to overcome it .
it was the last thing she remembered before slipping into unconsciousness .
if there was one thing she knew , it was how to give orders and have them obeyed .
reyes kept his eyes fixed on shanara , determined that her face would be the last thing he saw in life .
in the chaos of the moment , the only thing i could focus on were the yellow eyes that followed my every move .
` ` the first thing toby mentioned to me about you was how much you reminded him of allie . ''
the nice thing about being a pteron is you do n't have to worry about anything as annoying as a plane ticket to get places in a rush .
i knew who his first choice was , and his response meant one thing .
` ` yeah ... is there a pteron thing with processing alcohol ? ''
` ` you know , the whole stay buckled when you 're in your seat thing . ''
the only thing keeping me sane was the hope that i 'd be seeing vera soon .
the only thing keeping my spirit up was that she might be there .
i do n't even really understand what this whole mate thing is . ''
the only thing i could focus on was getting to casey .
he 'd noticed the same thing .
the only thing i could think about was the possibility of finding levi .
watching her writher in my arms in pleasure may have been my new favorite thing .
` ` i do n't like the idea , but being cold is one thing , being cold and starving is another . ''
either way , we were closer now , and he was the only thing i had until we made it back .
the only thing i did know was that hunter was clearly in charge , and no one seemed interested in challenging him .
the only good thing about her attraction to gage was that it was possible she 'd want him to stay around , and to stay alive .
he was the only thing i had left .
the only thing i was aware of was the beating of his heart and the chill of the wind .
the great thing about los angeles , at least , was that it was warm .
that 's the thing with you lesser immortals ... you 're always around humans , getting caught up in their muddled emotions .
jesus christ , it 's practically the only thing i have left .
that 's another thing that drives me crazy about alice : no sense of humor at all .
that was another thing about cissy .
it 's almost the same thing as not - existing , but worse .
however , it did nt take him long to realize that while getting a great story idea was one thing , turning it into a great story was something else again .
that was the odd thing about earthquakes one building could be reduced to a heap of dust while the one right next to it was undisturbed , as though nothing happened .
it was bad enough that nazimova had walked out of his life without a word , leaving behind a hole in his life the size of the hollywoodland sign , but now the one thing he had of hers was broken .
however the result was a turgid and improbable piece of crap that had only one thing going for it : william randolph hearst liked it .
the only unsurprising thing about this setup was that alice knew an all - night pawnbroker at the south end of downtown .
i wan na pay our way and labor is the only thing i got to pay with .
all of that takes money and that s one thing you do nt have .
now money was the only thing that she could think about some days .
and the worst thing of all , she paused , allowing her insensitive criticism to settle in malias mind , is your eyes .
the first thing malia noticed was that her eyes were wet .
one thing only did i find at all discouraging , and this was the cool gaze of mr . grayson , which , for the most part , he kept fixed upon me as i spoke with his aunt .
as i had then no idea of my mothers new knowledge concerning the graysons , or of the direction her thoughts had taken , i was briefly mystified by the ill - humor that settled over her at the end of our exchange ; but as it is by no means a new thing for her to respond to my conversation thus , i easily dismissed it once we reached the house ; and as she dined with friends , and i remained at home with the remnants of my cough , i quickly forgot the whole matter .
being well - rounded is one thing , but being fat is another .
i thought that a telephone would be an essential thing for a doctor to have .
when i look back on the whole sorry saga , there was only one thing that i was grateful for .
surprisingly , the next thing elizabeth noticed was jamie , not robert , although she did glance at him , but jamie was the one who held her attention .
one thing struck me about king arthurs knights , they were all terribly aggressive .
the thing that really laid these knights low in great numbers , before the last battle , when they slaughtered each other , was the peril of the quest for the holy grail .
this term , before release for summer , is memorable for just one thing .
one thing i have in common with edward is a detestation of practical jokes .
his consternation was a tangible thing .
one thing i m good at is survivin .
there was nt one thing about living she did nt like , because it was a one - time affair .
as soon as she opened the door , he could tell she had been crying , because crying to her was a constant distant thing , never to be expected from the way she grabbed and took hold of life every conscious second of the day .
courage had no merit to her because it was a male thing ; only duty counted .
looking at dr . heinze as he approached the counter , erich decided there was nt any one thing pleasant about the man .
beauty is the only thing constant in this dirty old world of ours that tells us god may be still hanging around .
while the commoners , out of survival or greed , change their loyalties towards the different french royal families because of what they are promised , one thing that most of the french have in common is their hatred for the english ; the english have taken everything from them .
the only thing different , is the color of your hair and eyes .
one other thing is that your voice is a little different .
as hard as this is for everyone , there is one redeeming thing that i can add which might give you the courage to endure .
one thing that jumps out at me though is the last two lines of the second verse .
` ` well , for one thing , i try to avoid reading what the experts say on the subject . ''
to have a nonbinding resolution was one thing .
the closest thing to a major city is odessa , with about 130,000 .
accommodations , for one thing .
its the bosom thing again , is nt it patience ?
i must confess that after speaking with and observing you , i can not find one thing i particularly dislike .
to have the strange , shadowy image haunt her dreams was one thing , but to see it mystically appear within a living flame was another .
my brother , i have but one thing to ask of you , and knowing that you will see to my wishes is the only thing that calms my troubled soul during these last few moments before we depart .
it was charles 's signet ring her engagement ring the last thing her beloved fianc had given her before he had died in the fighting at concord .
until now when he found himself wanting the one thing charles had owned that he himself did not have : the love of juliet paige .
for one thing , he had no idea where any of the den members were .
so breuse , according to his own code of honor , on the third anniversary of the smith 's death , [ celts had a thing about the number 3 .
one thing which relieved culann , was the fact that everyone spoke irish celtic .
the last thing i wanted was an episode like this .
the only thing rupert cared about was that the bottle never be empty .
but hades knew what that sound was , and it was the only thing that could make him , the prince of the dead , shiver and he did shiver .
the old man looked like the walking dead , his eyes the only thing about him that seemed alive , and even that made the rest of him look ruined in comparison .
the only thing that made sense to persephone was that the mortals did much the same in the world above : they too would collapse in a chair after a long day of work and rest their head in their hands .
the first thing she realized was that , for a chair made completely out of gold , its back was surprisingly comfortable .
she wanted one thing more than anything else : the freedom to choose her own life .
as she did not think susan was quite the thing yet , her visit to london and aunt maria was delayed until she had the bloom back in her cheeks .
we should have matching bullet holes , for one thing .
this was perhaps the worst thing about her faith in her fathers scandinavian gods ; but somehow she could nt bring herself to abandon them for the hope of heaven in christianity .
the fact that the angel was undoubtedly watching was the only thing that kept her from throwing her arms about his neck and begging him to stay with her .
she did nt really want to contemplate itthe last thing on earth she wanted to do was discover anything incorrect in her fathers wonderful stories .
honor and women are one thing , but god , a mans life !
in one thing louis was right , not richard , not margaret beaufort , not even morton himself saw the threat to englands future from across the channel .
remember my words ; they are the last thing you will remember when you die .
one thing that you could not really understand is the level of darkness that existed , even in a good sized city , before the introduction of electricity or even gas lamps .
oh that s another thing , mirrors were ridiculously expensive .
on july 30 , 1941 , the two countries signed an agreement which , among other things , said that all polish prisoners would be released and those who so wished could join the polish army .
the third , heartbreaking , thing that doomed the jews was the timeline .
yet even after all this there was one more thing that the jews of dolhinov and other such towns clung to in their desperation and helplessness : a disbelief that such mass murders could happen or were happening elsewhere .
as she headed toward the woods , the next to last thing gita heard was the father telling the arriving german soldiers about his sons great skill .
the last thing she heard was gunshots .
there is one thing in particular that carmella recalls her father saying repeatedly , a favorite phrase : its enough what i have .
the main thing was that the vision had come to her , rather than someone else .
her visions were the only thing that set her apart , yet she dare not speak of them .
he noticed , too , that her nipples had been rouged , and told himself this was the only thing about her that recalled the women in london .
` ` about the only thing we were n't supposed to have was cucumbers .
caste is the most important thing in life . ''
for one thing , each needs its own bazaar ; no rajput would eat food handled by an untouchable muslim . ''
and the barbados sun and rain , day after day , were like a heartless cadence marking time 's theft of the only thing a woman had truly worth holding on to .
the exhilaration and release were the very thing she 'd been needing .
for one thing , i hear she 's supposed to be marryin ' our leading royalist , sir anthony , though i swear i do n't know what he sees in her .
the last thing you need to be thinking about now is a woman .
` ` god knows the last thing i need now is a woman to think about . ''
is that the only thing you care about ? ''
his jurchen companions laughed , that was the thing .
i d be a hypocrite , for one thing , unless i got up and went at them , or crawled out to grapple their ankles .
one thing alone he had to offer : that he loved her , which he told her through the fact , only through the fact , that he was twenty now and he did not spare a glance for other women .
there s another funny thing about the secret history : the conquests , which take up the last twenty years of his life , are skimmed over with an almost total lack of interest .
the first thing she noticed when she walked in carrying the baby was that the table and chairs had been turned over and a couple of pictures had been knocked off the wall .
no , there s no one , but there is one thing that s bothering me .
i know he did and that was the thing about wade , he was pretty much happy no matter where he was , her voice cracked and the boys thought she was going to cry .
i have always found it to be a healing thing . ''
` ` my health is the last thing you should be concerned with . ''
( back to top ) chapter 12 money tuesday , may 6 , 1930 the only thing warm about conor 's walk to the golf course this morning lay in his thoughts .
the only thing i have going right now is the calcutta .
( back to top ) chapter 20 agua caliente saturday , may 17 , 1930 the first thing he noticed was the dust .
and that 's the great thing , about being free , teria .
he was glad of one thing : that helena had n't run away with him after all .
the last thing richard needed right now was rain to soak the remaining crops , muddy the fields , and lower his laborers spirits .
and you d better be happy that is the only thing changing .
but the one thing she looked forward to each day was the end of it : that sweet moment she could lay down her body , let her muscles unwind , stare up at the flickering ceiling of the slaves hall , and sink slowly into oblivion .
plucking the strings of my harp is one thing ; dancing on the strings of politics is quite another .
but it was feeling like the same thing .
the first thing her mind went to was the boy she had met during the night .
one thing many had in common was they were making a ruckus .
because you just got a tour of your burned down house and all your belongings turned to ash and the one thing that upsets you the most is you ve got soot on your face !
no , that was the funny thing .
i 'll share my supplies and cabin with you if you agree to travel as my companion , make me respectable , as it were , although that 's one thing i ' ve always been .
for one thing , i do nt want edward feeling sorry for me .
one thing about living with my aunt , it has accustomed anne to taking orders .
for one thing , she would not be answerable for what my brother might do if wickham ever set foot on the grounds again .
the last thing evie wanted was to be looked after by tommy mulligan .
the outside grandeur was a little misleading , for as they stepped inside , the first thing that hit daisy was the smell of musty carpets .
jean was a spiteful girl and would use any ammunition she could to discredit daisy ; and the last thing she wanted was to get into trouble with lady ashleigh .
she hated it down here , and the only thing that kept her going was the knowledge that in three weeks time she would see her beloved william again .
the twenty five foot tall pine tree was going to take centre - place underneath the curved staircase and would be the first thing any visitor to the house saw .
the only thing that keeps me sane is thinking of you and our daughter .
if there was one thing shed learnt , that was how easy men were to manipulate .
peter re - entered the room , and the first thing he did was walk behind evie and wrap his arms around her shoulders and kiss her cheek .
the only thing that gave him away was the irreverent glint in his blue eyes .
they all went inside ; and the first thing that hit evie was how dark and musty the house was .
i suppose it 's that stiff upper - lip thing , evie said , taking his arm as they walked towards st paul 's dean .
for one thing charlemont was older , around 52 in 1780 .
one nice thing about eternal youth is that i never fret about going grey or bald .
if there is one thing that i know , joseph , is that the less educated and humbler are also the more gullible and naive .
the first thing i noticed as i rode up the drive was the silence and stillness .
that was another thing about patrick .
the thing is , it can take a while before you get it .
she had more confidence in that world than i did , a greater capacity for hope , which i liked to see as something in her personally , and not just an american thing .
hardly a thing .
its the only thing on his mind , in his heart , present to his soul .
dig this , hippie resister , the thing about power is , it plays both sides of the street .
the only thing missing was him by her side .
i dream about him , think of him when i wake up , and he 's the last thing i think about before sleeping . '
for one thing , he was really young when he was doing all these wild things .
for one thing , she dragged me out of the company box .
the nice thing about being a ph.d . is that people expect you to be the quiet sort , and for these days i was as i tried to puzzle out my recent actions in green bay .
the only thing simple about you is you !
` ` one thing about you , bucky ol ' boy , you do n't mess around with romantic pillow talk when you want to know somethin ' .
perhaps wanting to remain a kid is the thing about him that 's attracting me .
for one thing , now that he was back in the government , he would nt have the time for me .
if there is one thing we understand in new orleans , she said with a smile , it is perspiration .
the nice thing about having big brothers is that i had been punched before and understood the recovery process .
for one thing , there were plenty of trees arching over the road , so we had shade for much of the time .
the last thing i wanted was a spicy louisiana meal , but i did take a couple ears of corn and three bottles of lemonade .
the last thing i wanted to do was to walk some unknown number of miles out in that sun , but eventually boredom overcame my good sense and i joined a growing number of people who were walking east .
the only thing worse that looking terrible is feeling as bad as you look .
the last thing he clearly remembered was holding decima in his arms .
he stunk like sweat and an undefined icky thing .
the last thing she wanted was to fall face - first into his lap .
she could not carry a heavy bucket with that arm anymore , for one thing .
if there was one thing momma was dead set against , even more than liquor , it was borrowing trouble .
no matter who we are as women , or what kind of man we married or what kind of life we live , we all have this one thing in common .
as far as they were concerned , eugene macswiney was the closest thing to family that cronin had in chicago , and the jesuits at st . ignatius school had done the right thing when they asked that the young man be allowed to participate in the internment .
an - khi , at least in all of this we share another thing .
one thing the two cities had in common was the rampant civil disorder .
he was the closest thing to having kin that i have known .
color is a strange thing is nt it ?
i can look like a lady , but that is not the same thing as being a woman .
while it was the thing i loved about her the most , it irritated me in equal measure .
it was the strangest thing to be in a similar room at another house that it quite took my breath away .
` ` spirits , for one thing . ''
` ` it was another thing reuben resented . ''
the odd thing about him was n't that we 'd not noticed him earlierwe 'd had our heads bent against the wind after allbut the way he was dressed .
just about the last thing any of them were conscious of was the far - off woeful howling of a lonesome coyote as he gave his best attempt at trying to locate an interested female .
the one thing they had going for them , though , was the fact that the map indicated that the area they were looking for was situated somewhere in the foothills along the eastern edge of the basin .
how about having a means of supporting a wife , for one thing , jacob countered .
for one thing , you re too young .
the only thing left is this fort .
he had laid the pistol on the ground and let his pants drop , until his bared behind was the last thing emmett saw before he plunged into the water .
houses of clay it was an odd thing to be bound to walls that had no ceiling .
the only thing i have ever wanted from you is you .
i honestly do nt know , but that is not the only thing .
but one thing set him apart from the others - he never grew a beard .
there was one thing about all the women around cranston ; they could definitely cook up a wonderful meal .
the only thing i care about is you .
if there was one thing the family had plenty of , it was love .
the man they worked for had always treated them kindly , and they were free to come and go as they pleased , but that was about the only thing separating them from the slaves working on the same farm .
that s about the only good thing about farming .
that was one thing tom had learned in his life , there was a use for almost anything .
the only thing he hated was having to tell his ma and pa he did nt want to spend the rest of his life farming .
if there was one thing that could be said for farm work , it made you appreciate a good place to lie down at the end of the day .
for one thing , being a lawman is an easy way to get yourself killed .
the only thing missing was his pa . other than that it had been a perfect day .
there s one thing about farm living , you do nt have much time for laziness .
the main thing about jerky was the fact it would last for a long time .
that was one good thing about the richards family , no topic was off limits for discussion .
their family was whole again , and that was the most important thing in world to all of them .
he was known for just one thing he never took prisoners .
when he awoke in the morning , the first thing he was aware of was a warm , solid form beside him in the bed , and he half sat up in surprise .
on entering the library , there were always two things that struck ben : firstly , the reverential silence , as if the readers within were at prayer ; secondly , the smell of old books that musty but strangely compelling scent of old paper and leather which lures one in like an aromatic siren song with the promise of rich , florid words , poetry , prose , edification and entertainment .
as he made his way back to his cabin , he wondered who that couple were and what it must feel like to give off that level of confidence and where one could acquire such a thing .
the funny thing is , the station and the works are british built and owned , just like the rest of the railways , here , and it feels so strange to walk around in this heat , surrounded by foreigners , but then a piece of england pops up in front of me .
the last thing she saw , as her face was pressed to the ground was a little stream of blood which began to flow into view upon the ground beneath her very vision and form a small pool which then began to soak in slowly .
the little stream was the last thing that she saw and then it was over .
~ the last thing that philippe saw was a gentle , beautiful cloud as it drifted across the sky in it elegance .
there is one thing about women that you must understand adrian .
it was this one thing that made him an outlaw .
it was this one thing that made his presence such a shock to adrian and his father , and seemingly such a frightful thing to trevor and salina , though adrian did not know how to account for their reactions .
you have shown me that principles matter , that loyalty to ones self , is the most important thing .
if the circumstances were any different adrian would have found it amusing , but at the time he felt like he was dying from lack of oxygen and the last thing that came to his mind was laughter .
the first thing tatum noticed was the difference in ambiance .
one thing that tatum had learned during her clinical training was to never judge a book by its cover .
one thing that was not well accepted in either advanced clinical practice or research was modesty .
the only thing giving the wall door away was a small indent , big enough for two fingers that would allow the door to be pulled outward to open , and the flat hinges that were necessary for it to swing .
brad spoke to himself in a soft whisper the first thing that brad noticed when he entered the small yard in front of yoko 's house was that the wooden shutters and several windows were open , but not the bedroom windows .
the gold chain was the first thing that he saw .
his breaths were still raspy , but he wanted to express his appreciation and love to her so she would no longer think that she had screwed up in trying to show the same thing to him .
and right now , the last thing he wanted was a cheap imitation of what he knew to be real .
but one thing he did remember about his father was his strength .
the last thing he needed , was to fall in love .
the tension of the aghori sadhu was almost a thing of the past after a goodnights sleep and emergence of another sunny spring morning .
only positive thing was that the weather was pleasant , and the sky was clear .
coal smoke hung over the town and it was the first thing the men were aware of when they stepped off the train .
for one thing he was a little older than most of them and more level headed .
the main thing , though , was that he never used his rank to take more than his equal share of whatever rations were available .
` ` gettin ' him is one thing , '' ridge said , ` ` but lettin ' him ruin you at the same time is a whole different kettle .
the only thing he found himself hiding from the girl and her father was the real intensity of the hatred he felt toward salem .
the only thing that marred her features were her small eyes , coming from her father , king louis of france .
anne caught sight of her least favourite thing about court as he stalked toward her .
for all your titles and your swaggering boasts , i have had the one thing you could not , and i have had it over , and over , and over again .
to add another complication , guy de lusignans brother is one of my most important vassals in pointu , one more thing to create havoc with our shaky alliances .
food is not the only thing i am hungry for after a good fight .
that is the odd thing about it .
perhaps that friendship made the sting of betrayal worse , or maybe it was because philip tried to take the one thing that meant the most from richard : anne .
the last thing i need is girls complicating it all .
the comforting thing about iris was , no matter how forcefully she disagreed with you , you always knew exactly where she stood and what she thought .
the last thing in the world she wanted was to run into him again .
if eyes are the mirror to the soul , the last thing you want to see is your sins staring back at you .
that s one thing i hate about stacey .
pretty much the same thing as you , i say , flashing the palms of my hands to reveal their blackness from the soil .
but one thing about us french , we always come back .
our pierre , she stops and touches her heart and takes in a bit of air through her mouth , a short little gasp - that thing old ladies do when in place of a sigh , before he passed away , we had to fight with him , she shakes her head .
time is a strange thing , as you well know , joshua .
the only thing that i know is that its sunset and we need to find some type of shelter , or make it , so that we can get some sleep .
the only thing that i noticed about gray wolf that is after the night that we all became olderwas his broad shoulders and his strong arms .
walking into the pirate meeting area with the confidence of a group of shining knights , silence is the only thing that is heard , as all of the original pirates of port royal are eyeing their new rivals .
yes , diana , time is a strange thing an example of that would be the book that i found in the ancient archives that you wrote .
time is a very strange thing .
that is one thing that i have missed most of all ; the laughter of my father and his crew .
alma smiled at them , but the only thing she could think was how different amelia looked with her hat off .
jude sensed the same thing at the same moment , and they both relaxed into one another .
well , for one thing , she s a woman .
the thing about roger , among his many faults in my opinion , is that he is not only a poor leader , but he is also hopeless at not sharing information with his brother and cousin .
the funny thing about it was neither team , apart from myself had realised that they had both said the same thing .
the thing about rob is , even if he does nt know it - when he sings in the early hours of a cold and hard night in the trenches it lifts everyones spirits up .
the one thing i ve noticed though is the attitudes of these men towards the germans .
another thing no one ever mentions about war , is how deadly repetitive it can be .
i looked back at ottos severely damaged face and the only thing that remained untouched was his bright blue eyes .
it must be late afternoon and one thing i was grateful for was that this battle was occurring in the summer months and we had more light on our side .
the only impressive thing about sininda was the temple , which rose up the hillside in three ascending levels and dwarfed everything else in the valley .
one of the things that they shared was a fondness for high places .
i learned was that the best thing about basic training was getting out of basic training . '
for one thing , the serving kerina has corrupted me . '
one thing is starvation .
the only thing , i can tell you , is their bark ; every one of them seems to be different .
the first thing he sees is the roof ; indeed a small ribbon of blue smoke is curling out the stovepipe on the top .
turning to catherine , that s one good thing about living on top of a mountain my dear wife .
for one thing , he disliked the idea of snatching a trail boss away from his herd before it had reached its destination .
that was another thing he liked about her .
for one thing , only men were dancing .
for one thing , as we pulled up in front of the hotel , we were approached by a couple dozen people with signs saying things like foster , go invade america and foster , how many sioux homes did you burn today ?
the only thing special was the coffee it was very hot and very good .
for one thing , all the violence in the two villages is over .
for one thing , every person was looking toward the windows to see what was happening on the street .
and the funny thing was , i was not alone .
i suspect the only thing holding them vertical was the thought of all the money they were going to get .
the thing i like about pts is none of that spit - and - polish bullshit .
the thing about us , being what we are , we do nt have to go ashore and fight toe to toe with the japanese .
the only thing clear is hiroshima ; it keeps coming up .
the only thing that really stayed with him was how beautiful lana turner was and he was sorry that it did nt end so well for her character .
this thing that he feels for you , she continued , her voice shaky and upset , and that you feel for him ca nt work .
the one thing about leonardo was that he could nt sit still .
one thing i ve learned is that whatever position in life you re in , that s the side you take .
this life inside of you is the only thing that keeps me going , she stated .
with her squad of children , rab under her feet more often than not , and toddler becky running around and into everything the last thing she needs is another baby .
but the last thing he wanted was to be stuck in the captain 's quarters for the rest of the day , so he pressed his lips together and said nothing .
the only thing eddie seemed to own was a dirty loincloth .
the one thing they have an endless supply of is trees .
inside the room , the only thing that had changed was a large screen .
if there is one thing warehouse guys understand , it is priorities .
there it was , that thing she sensed all along that must be wrong with him .
after he died people tried to piece bits of his life together to form some kind of narrative , but memory is a funny thing .
for one thing , were on different schedules .
for one thing , i need something to cook in besides a microwave .
being outside during the day is different because that s the first thing people think aboutwe ca nt be in the sunand either i m in the sun or i m not .
still , there was one part slightly out of place , one last thing he needed for everything to be just right .
are you sure there s no such thing as frankenstein ?
for one thing , the man had tried to cross in may , when the river was swollen with the spring runoff , and it was late summer now .
the last thing she saw before dropping off to sleep was cole sitting by the fire , staring at the dancing flames .
men had come from as far away as cass county to the south , and buchanan county to the north , but everyone there had one thing in common an unshakable faith in the man who was now preparing to address them .
it was a funny thing about cole , mollie thought , as she listened to him rambling for most of the ride back about the things he would like to do and the places he would some day like to see .
there would be no dead to bury , no graves to honor , but it would serve as the closest thing to a funeral service any of his fallen comrades was likely to have .
it was supposed to take two years , but time was one thing he had plenty of and he could not see anything that said he could not try and fit it into one year .
he found the learning was easy , the hardest thing was making himself stop to eat and exercise , when his mind was in the zone he loved living through it in other places and letting his imagination run , though always coming back to absorbing and understanding one more detail , then yet another detail again .
the last thing cathy remembered that night before drifting off to sleep in sophies room , that s how she named it , was two sets of brown eyes looking at her seriously and talking to her .
in the third week amelie started to be able to take small drinks and bland food , a little bit of mashed banana was the first thing she had kept down .
the first thing john shakespeare noticed about anne whateley - as he did every time he saw her - was the whiteness and evenness of her teeth .
that s the thing about plays .
that was the funny thing .
look : they re hanging onto the lamp posts ; look over therethe only thing keeping those sailors from falling is the wall they re leaning against ; they ca nt stand up straight !
following a long draw on the pipe he blew a smoke ring and said dillon , you ve been a big help to us here on the farm ; the nearest thing to a son that i ever had , and i d like to do something for you .
less afraid for one thing , and he seems to smile and see humor in life .
one thing he had nt missed was the snow .
the only thing you knew would be the same tomorrow , and the day after tomorrow , was the noise of saws , and chisels on stone , and workmen shouting .
that was the nice thing about faustus ; with him it was just rome , rome , rome .
ten men , and twenty mules loaded with firewood , and a few long poles , carried between two of the mules with a few bags slung off them ; the only thing that looked out of place was the number of men , tarquinius thought .
memory was a strange thing ; like augury , it could n't wholly be trusted .
that was the good thing about working with soldiers who 'd known you for decades , master thought ; you did n't have to tell them things like that .
` ` though one thing amazes me , '' sethre continued .
still , it kept morbid thoughts away , that was the thing ; and they loved him the more for letting them take a crack at him every so often , so when he needed them most , they 'd be ready .
velzna 's cooking was the one thing that had n't deteriorated since she was last here .
` ` open to talent is one thing .
he was the closest thing to a father halfdan had known , and had taught halfdan a lot .
that s another thing your family seem to have over me , he added with a glance in my direction .
of course , being alive is one thing , but its what state you are in that counts .
minutes ticked by while the thump , thump of her heart was the only thing she heard .
the only thing she could figure was that there must have been somebody else 's purse alongside hers in the top of the wardrobe , probably nellie 's .
the first thing that assailed them was the numbing cold , followed by the overpowering barnyard stench of the place .
the one thing we are not short of is cash , said kearny .
one thing we learned right away about baldazzi was that he did nt like to mince words .
the grandest thing about him was the woman on his arm , a foreign girl clearly lost in a sea of unfamiliar faces .
the most frustrating thing , what every detective truly hated , was knowing the ending without the beginning or middle .
the most interesting thing was his hands , which had swollen around two metal weapons that looked like claws .
all connected by only one thing the wolf .
the only thing that kept him from being happy , aside from the knowledge that the feeling would fade and they would go their separate ways , was his own body , which was ragged from a combination of exertion and injury .
he was dressed normally again , if there was a thing called dressing normally .
the last thing she felt were his arms as he caught her .
having his men in a confined space with him was one thing , but having himself was another .
the only thing you did nt count on was davis experience .
but the best thing about hawarden was that it was only ten miles from chester .
the last thing he was conscious of before he slipped away into a deep sleep was the dampened cloth gently blotting his mouth clean .
the one thing she did knowthat the perfeddwlad lay to the west of both llanlleyn and rhuddlanseemed out of line with the direction in which they were traveling .
it was easy enough to spot his uncle , his height being the one thing they shared , though of course his collar set him off as well .
for one thing , he knew nothing of her fathers adequacies or inadequacies .
she do nt know the first thing about walking like a lady .
that was one thing that soothed her troubles and soon she wiped her brow with her gloved hand and realized the sun has nearly gone down behind the bright pink azalea bushes out back .
that was one thing she missed now that captain wyatt was gone .
one thing she wanted for her daughter was a father .
it was the strangest thing , portia .
the only thing she and captain wyatt had in common between them .
the first thing a person can tell about another is in their unselfish ways .
the first thing i wanted when we reached the fort after the long journey was a hot bath .
the last thing she wanted to do was leave .
the only thing giving her more trouble than shed thought it would was getting used to the smells , sights and sounds in the locker room .
the last thing peter saw before everything went dark was the lower half of his body separate from him and fall to the floor as he fell on top of it .
the last thing he saw was lotinger continuing his phone conversation as if nothing had happened .
the sound of dripping water was the only thing that filled the silence as the small crowd of boys dressed in capes made from bed sheets and sporting fake vampire teeth stood leering at toby .
the last thing he remembered was returning from the darkness to the sound of a gunshot .
nothing came , save for that single moment he now knew to be the last thing he could remember .
the first thing that simon experienced was the rush of strength that came from this single tiny speck .
one thing joe knew from experience : if someone loved a house they were willing to overlook almost anything to have it .
and the unusual thing about linda was ellie never saw an indication of her aura .
it must have been so difficult for him , loving someone who could nt give the one thing he had truly ever wanted .
if there was one thing that he always did , it was trust his gut .
the only thing she could see of kevin was his butt up in the air underneath all of the hanging jackets and suits .
the only thing that had nt changed was the crazy gleam in the mans eyes .
that is one thing that is very good about randall , linda said , standing up .
jenny still had nt regained consciousness and that was the thing that worried me the most .
the last thing ellie saw was his red eyes as she and david sank to the floor in each others arms .
the first thing he noticed was the bloody foot prints that started somewhere upstairs and paused in front of the stairs before continuing into the living room .
if there was one thing i excelled at , it was attracting the attention of the dead .
last thing i need is to be arrested for trespassing .
its one of the good things about being in a rural canadian area : no one has hand guns , but everyone has a rifle .
the most disturbing thing was his eyes , which were a solid black .
the thing that really gets me is how quickly they ann hunted for the right word , transform , i guess the term is .
funny thing is , the fight just never comes .
and i was nt that tall , the top of my head would probably be the closest thing to its nose , even with the stilettos on .
the last thing i needed was a slip of the knife .
the one thing that was remarkable was the look on his face .
politeness is about the first thing to go with me when i m sick .
for one thing , she must have been waiting about an hour in the laneway for me to come out .
that was the thing about ani .
that was about the only thing that comforted me and it was not a great comfort .
the only thing i know for sure is that its indigos slave .
the follower thing ?
plus he had this kind of thousand - yard - stare thing going now and again , which made me feel like he was looking right through me and into the heart of something super important like disconnected from the real world but seeing something serious in the even realer world which is just how i feel a lot of the time .
the funny thing was , she made it sound like i had a choice .
to think that even after two hundred years he could still be such a thing .
but sebastian having lovers before was nt the only thing tormenting her .
but he also hurt and only one thing could ease the pain ; seeing the woman he loved .
i do nt want to step out of place but i could nt help notice some things about youhow you flinched at the house when i reached for your husbands cell , how you move carefully , as though you re worried sudden movement will hurt , and then there s the faint bruise on your wrist .
the last thing a high profile hotel needed was people committing suicide from its top floors .
but the main thing screaming for attention was the wide , gaping hole where a large pane of thick glass had once been .
the sudden chill was nt the only thing causing james to tense ; serenity was nt alone .
luke had to praise one thing about his older sister : she was pretty dang smart when she was n't being a bitch .
i have this thing about heights . ''
the first thing luke noticed about him was that he looked as if he had n't taken a bath in years .
sheer willpower was the only thing keeping luke awake , but he decided to fetch lara from the mayor 's mansion .
the last thing he saw before falling asleep was jan 's mesmerizing lips bowed into a frown .
it 's one thing retained from humanity .
the last thing he remembered after leaving vannaya 's room was a sharp , hot pain in his back .
that 's the funny thing about life , you never know what the day will bring .
the thing that really got under danny 's skin was the loss of human life .
one odd thing about this particular parasitic infection is the fact that most of the infected mammals should have died days sooner from thirst .
that night in the abandoned house , the only thing i ate was a single can of tomato soup .
for one thing , the days after the freezing weather , a herd of over a hundred made its way into our zone .
that 's the last thing i need right now .
the only thing she had was an ak hanging over her shoulder and a large gauze bandage on her left side from where i had shot her .
the last thing i saw as i recoiled from the shotgun blast was the utter disbelief shown in the managers eyes as he tried to hold his guts in , which were spilling out from both the front and the back .
the boredom is a palpable thing now .
the only thing interesting about this place is what was behind the locked door to the manager 's office .
the whole thing of it was that the building i was trying to get to was closer to the marion county jail than i thought it was .
the odd thing about the civilians was that they all had their hands tied behind their backs .
the second thing was the vast amount of dead flies all over the place .
the first thing i saw as i slowly made my way down the stairs , into the living room was the zombified corpse of what could only be the mother .
coffee is the only thing that smells good .
the toughest thing about you is probably your breath .
the last thing i almost ate was eggs at colleens place .
well , its illegal for one thing .
the next thing jake not only heard but felt , was the two of them crashing down the hall with enough force to knock the pictures hanging over his bed off the wall .
the last thing he wanted to see as he walked to his room was marty whites severed head staring back at him .
dumb as dirt , they only know one thing , hunger .
funny thing is .
the last thing he wanted to do was go back to sleep .
if there was one thing consistent about him it was that , he loved to talk .
the last thing he noticed before leaving the room was a very large hole in the ceiling above .
ben morris was the last thing he would think of when imagining what a vampire hunter would look like .
the one thing i ca nt buy , immortality ?
the last thing he heard before passing out was the hacking laughter of richard riker .
another thing that bothered me was their constant creating of slaves .
the last thing i want is to catch another beating .
one thing we know is the first signs of trouble started when people were making deliveries into fedir postal service , said chanler .
the only thing she cared about was meghan .
truth was , she liked kicking butt ; the rush she got from it was the only thing that came close to being alive .
the last thing she remembered was saying goodbye to her parents , but that had to have been a few days ago .
then she noticed , as she looked around , that the cabin was nt the only thing affected by the fire , but so was the entire side of the bank .
another thing that seemed to have improved , since she woke in louisiana , was her sight .
one thing shed always wanted to try , on someone , was a flying kick .
one thing starr hated about many vampires , like alin , was a good number of them grew into telepathic abilities .
one good thing about working for a pharmaceutical company , they have excellent dental .
the only thing ill admit , darren said , is that your mother is going to lose her mind over this .
the only thing different was the blood smeared across his face .
she was sure leo was feeling the same thing .
the first thing lily had noticed about him , though , was his eyes .
girl , if you re going to be on my team , you re gon na have to get over this deflection thing you have with compliments .
as a matter of fact , i d say that s the one thing we all have in common .
lily , at this point , the only thing holding you back is your lack of trust in yourself .
as cassius began to drink the blood from the dead werewolves , arcas turned to the others and said , back on topic , there s only one thing about your plan that makes me hesitate .
the only thing missing was leo , who was still on assignment in ohio .
greg , lily said from her seat directly behind the pilot , the intercom thing was funny when we took off .
some of these cities were completely destroyed while others seemed untouched by war , but they all had one thing in common .
the only thing that stopped her from pulling the trigger was the fact that she recognized his screaming voice .
as disturbing as it sounds , the fact that they feed on us is the one thing that gives us hope .
episode nine : meisters opinion the first thing visible in mars apartment was the threadbare black and white couch , a thin , flowered blue sheet strewn over it to hide the bits of stuffing poking out of the random holes .
natassia had made a point to let her know of her most recent progress with charlie , most of which involved long , one - sided conversations about one thing : charlies prowess as a self - educated genius .
that twin thing again , right ?
charlie wanted to protest , because the last thing he wanted was to have natassias dimwitted twin doing a life and death ride - along with him as he was whisked away to the emergency room .
i think we need to have a meeting with her , and with charlie , because if there s one thing my expertise has taught me is that a sudden barrage of symptoms means a dormant disease is now active .
the last thing i wanted was to be stoned in this place .
perhaps the coolest thing about milo , was that he was an awesome writing partner .
that was the last thing sarahs family needed .
perhaps the closest thing to a friend he had these days was his private detective buddy , brock houser .
the most unbelievable thing about sam , however , was that despite being a nice guy , and incredibly smart and talented , he was also semi - popular .
the thing about hallucinations , or at least the ones she had , was that they were nt like the movies where someone would realize they were hallucinating and then boom , they d stop , and reality would show itself again .
the worst thing about these things , though , was their mouths .
because the last thing she wanted in her senior year , was to become a walking zombie again .
vortimer , vortigern , and the welsh in general are one thing .
one thing james had lacked all this time was mentoring on how things worked in the other realm .
it was n't any one thing about him .
the last thing she wanted was to touch this man , who might take the gesture out of context , or might as easily turn on her , but the thing she dreaded more , was anyone else being killed around or because of her .
not that his obsession had been about a woman , at least not exactly , but it was the same thing in the end , a blinding pain relieved only by following through on the object of the fixation .
not exactly the only thing .
there was that knocking , the balloon thing , and i just get the feeling like there s something there all the time , yknow .
with his pills confiscated the last thing he wanted to be doing right now was going into overdrive over scattered spirits appearing in his vision .
the first time he d seen owen though , he had been mortified that eleanor had thought the two of them might work together , yet another thing that lady had been right about .
a female groan sounded out and mirandas blood - matted hair was the first thing elise recognised as james pulled the coverings back .
i did nt know her full name , but i knew they had an off - and - on thing going on .
he did that super - fast - moving thing again ; super - quietly , too .
the only thing they had in common with my parents was age .
the last thing i had to worry about was venturing off course .
the only thing i knew for certain was that we were not leaving the dock under cover of darkness .
my watch was still unwound , and i am rigorously accustomed to wind it the last thing before going to bed , and many such details .
he is quite odd in one thing .
it hung in the foyer , the first thing he saw each time he entered .
the eyes that peered out of its near - lidless sockets were the only thing about the beast that seemed alive .
and yet that s not the most unusual thing .
the first thing he noticed was the red .
over an hour of conversation with mom was just the thing that mary needed .
maybe its just the thing you need to cool down after a long , hot day .
at the moment , the only thing he could move was his neck and head .
chapter 16 the only thing that had changed in bill and karen greenstart 's life was their address .
men , daren believed , were driven by one thing and one thing only : sex !
men , daren believed , were driven by one thing and one thing only : sex !
but upon completion , she returned home to the quiet , peaceful town of mapleview where she felt that the area was lacking one important thing .
but the interesting thing about mrs . rudi : she never quite understood that placing the sign on her front lawn was only an accident .
keys to the mausoleum should be the last thing on his mind .
looking back , the only good thing about that night was that i had no idea just how bad the next few weeks would be .
my fellow underachiever jobie , the closest thing i have to a friend , got detention today .
one thing about me -- i m never so pissed off or depressed that i lose my appetite .
one thing about dad : despite his heavy workload at the law office , he always finds time to go to the gym and work out .
the fact is , there s no longer any such thing as a safe place where people always care , or at the very least never try to kill you .
the thing that infuriated me most was his calmness , the smug bastard .
he had to remember to keep smiling , he had a good row of teeth and from what he learned , that s one thing girls were picky over , were teeth , so he was covered on that .
the only thing he had remembered after that was seeing the closed door .
the thing that stood out more than her pleasant , innocent , friendly expression were those beautiful , shining ambers that had locked onto spencers as she was slowly approaching .
spence , what the the first thing he saw was the head full of pale - blonde hair leaning forward to where his scalp was pointing to his face , as if he were charging him .
the only thing she hated more than being around doc randy was being with him in his church .
maybe the sioux are suffering from the same thing . ''
the truly frightening thing is that james made it look so effortless .
the only thing that manages to penetrate my preoccupation occurs when one guy comments , you have the most unusual eye colour .
the truly frightening thing is how she was able to get so many other predators out on such short notice .
it had been the first thing he thought of when he woke up , bolting from bed and heading straight for the only weapon he had in the apartment .
the main thing here is that you are improving .
it seems to be , and hopefully is , the only thing i ve carried over from my time being that depressed girl , emma says as she stretches her arms out in front of her and lets out a short yawn .
the only thing that makes her feel slightly uneasy is the lack of windows .
the only thing she does know , or feel rather , is that she has to get out of the house .
just like the time when i had first seen young darien , the boy himself was the last thing i noticed .
one thing that i do take a little pride in , outside of my achievements in the virtual world , is my grades .
for one thing , i am quickly beginning to fear my uncle , and i may need to rethink this whole situation .
the only thing i do n't like is that he seems to be just as taken with tori as i am .
my vision is affected by my emotion , and her face is the only thing i can see .
an important thing about experiments though is that they must be repeated to confirm the results .
she said the one thing we could always use against men is that they never expect too much from us .
there s no such thing as a quick death when you re being eaten alive .
the only thing that looked different was the darkness : this morning , clouds had fanned across the city , bringing back a cold fall bite to the air .
it is a strange thing , to see a building that you know at nighttime .
that was one thing i noticed even as my body faded from me .
the colour of the gate was the most disturbing thing of all .
visiting a mysterious place and living there are two entirely different things .
` ` sounds good to me , the last thing i need is to tangle with '' ` ` no .
` ` as if she knew they would be the last thing she ever saw . ''
first thing i notice is a gigantic bed with 4 large posts at each corner in the center of the room .
the only thing bothering me was the sadness on her face .
the only thing i do nt like about you is your name .
* * * * stepping into the bathroom , the first thing tracy didwas hurry to one of the bathroom mirrors over the sink to check her reflection .
every time we go home it is the same thing ; our mothers talk of a wedding and babies , while my dad asks when we are planning to move back home .
the one thing gabe was great at was self - preservation and walking into those woods even with a gun was just stupid .
there was one thing in this world that made gabe feel completely helpless and that was watching abby cry .
for one thing , she did nt have a single tattoo of her own and , aside from a delicate silver ring in her right nostril , she lacked any other forms of body modification at all .
the way that he growled softly with each thrust excited the hell out of her and his impressive stamina was like winning the lottery , but her favorite thing about him was the way that he had taken immediate control ; ravaging her like a wild beast when so many of the other men had preferred to simply lay back and let her do all of the work .
were closer in age , for one thing , and i appreciate your his gaze raked over her horns and facial piercings before he ducked his head and deeply sniffed at her chest , inhaling her scent uniqueness .
` ` the only thing really keeping me here was rod .
there was one merciful thing about this curse .
being brave was not the same thing as knowing how to stay alive in this world .
another thing i found out in dallas , you could broil a freak alive in a closed car just by the heat of the summer sun .
he was loud and abrasive , but he had been the closest thing to a friend that i had here .
first thing i heard that morning were the screams .
it was hard on the back for one thing , and frustrating , for another .
for one thing , you could nt be everywhere at once .
stepping out of the door this morning , the first thing to assail him was a smell like burning electrical components .
the thing with bru was all that unlimited free time ; especially when he had five bucks for gas , a half a roll of film , and a few smokes .
the only thing that stands out about him as a writer , is that he s awfully tall , bill was misquoting one of his favourite authors .
the nice thing about infomercials ; is that they re not incessantly interrupted by commercials .
the most important thing in the world to a girl her age , was she attractive ?
i wonder if the poor little thing is hungry , and so chilly first thing these days , she went on .
a smiling bru was a thing to behold .
of the many things about he missed about vermont in his travels , it was mornings like this early spring one that really made him all misty for his green mountains .
the thing about vermont , even today , is that if you want to find a spot away from prying eyes , its really not that hard to do .
if there was one thing that gil was not obsessed with , it was his past obsessions .
if there was one thing jennifer was certain about it was that her mother was never wrong .
there was just something about the guy deputy marsters did nt like and he knew that if he could get him for one thing , he would find all the other things to get him for and maybe he would be able to get him to the office and fingerprint him and run his prints and find out he was some kind of sexual deviant or convict .
she once bought a series of video tapes , back before dvds or at least before she had a dvd player , from a friendly guy on the phone who told her that the tapes by this famous tv doctor were the next best thing to having a relationship counselor in your home all the time and that even at two in the morning he would be there for you and would help you when you were crying and blue and eating too much ice cream because the only love you were getting was from your dog and your dog , while unrelenting with her love and warm in bed on a cold night , was not quite the right kind of warm in bed and you would rather something with a little less fur but not too much less because she liked guys to a have a little fur on them .
so she put tape number one in her vcr and popped her popcorn and sat down on her comfy brown couch and gave ivy some popcorn because ivy did that thing where she just stood there next to the couch with her sweet little tri - color head resting on denises lap waiting for popcorn to slip into her mouth real lasting love from ivy was rewarded with popcorn and pressed play on her remote .
that was one thing that was nt tolerated around campus .
fictitious horror movie monsters were the last thing on everybodys minds .
the main difference between the two of them , the thing that was causing the commotion in the room , was that tracy was nt rebellious at all .
the thing that bothered her most was that , in an effort to see what living on the other side of the fence was like , she had listened to susan and skipped the revival meeting .
the last thing i need is bill collectors callin and pesterin me .
the last thing he saw before he died was not the horrifying faces that awaited his fall but the brightest light he had ever seen .
that s the only thing she connected with .
the only thing apollo was able to focus on was her eyes .
it was tempting to take lyle up on it , but the thing that really stuck in mccoys craw was that the sheriff was only out to save his job .
the steerings not as tight as it used to be the only thing holding this truck together is your stubborn love for it .
the strangest thing about that night was that after we had done the deed , we never once felt like we 'd be caught .
i ' m sure i have something to live for ; for one thing i wo n't get kicked off the team until i ' m twenty , as long as i take introductory japanese by correspondence .
` ` there 's no such thing as being too scared . ''
monday - seven days adrift i woke up late and found that the water was n't the only thing gone .
it was the only thing he knew about her .
the first thing he noticed was the abundance of new data , and the lack of a correlating time frame .
daughter of a modest family of farmers , since child you / he / she was totally hypnotized by the dance , the only thing indeed dynamics and free that would have been able to save her / it from the immovable melancholy of that slim colors crayon that you / they composed his / her small world .
the only thing to reach through her eyes right - hand the heart , was that natural gesture of jasmine , and now to have her / it to us of forehead there , free and discovered as not even a child could perhaps afford , she left her / it even more stunned of before .
and of however what i ask her is the only essential thing that it misses me really .
not that he cared more than so much ch'ella it was always to his / her side , but that it put him / it in ridiculous in front of his / her sailors , not respecting the only his / her burden that was up to her on that vessel , it was too much ; the only thing that he / she wondered him was to be present whenever beside the captain every he had applied for it .
this enormous fraintendimento at the base of the modern man brings him / it to i did n't hand questions on the real consequences of its actions on himself and on the society of which it is integral part thing of which he too often forgets .
it exclaimed : ` ` on , force , explain us thing last night is happened ! ''
the dirty feet of matteus to dirty the humble table of the kitchen of prometeo were the first thing that you / they saw the young girl , pushes to strength in the house .
in fact he could nt know that the only thing alida remembered about that woman was the hatred she felt for her .
another thing he had learned was that , before plunging headlong into such an undertaking , there were a few ways to tell if the person you 're talking to is telling a load of bullshit .
that was the funny thing about technology these days .
as the sun came up outside and i fell into night , the last thing i saw with dimming eyes was muttonbirds face .
like a low - flying aeroplane my dream eye would zoom everywhere and it was always the same thing .
the only thing that you / they have of authentic it is the desire to jump i am set .
in reality it is the same thing : the discovery of his / her own alterations of conscience as a wide open window on another dimension , have done yes that the man translated those images with the primordial pantheon .
my producer sometimes had the vice to bring in bed me , thing that i have never been sorry you / he / she .
she tried to come up with a different symbol that she could focus on , and the first thing that came to mind was the teddy bear keychain that paul had bought for her .
the last thing that he wanted to do was draw attention to himself .
there was another long period of silence during which the only thing anyone could hear was the rumble of thunder and the crackle of the radio hissing in the background .
1975 blacker than the night directed by carlos enrique taboada written by carlos enrique taboada plot synopsis a cat who s blacker than the night was the last thing on aunties mind before she died and so she haunts the house inherited by her niece , calling here , kitty kitty and killing while she s at it .
for one thing , her parents were probably still awake .
when one of them caught the rot , that mask tended to be the last thing they saw .
the last thing i am able to recall is being trapped against a locked door , burning from the infection and surrounded by the bauran that were killing my companions .
being out here is one thing .
after age , sleep was the first thing he d striven to overcome , mostly to keep from wasting the time .
she was nt the skittish thing shed been before .
for one thing the rules of absolute silence had apparently either been canceled or just forgotten .
it 's dangerous enough driving during the day , the last thing i need is to be heading home in the dark and find myself surrounded by one of those mobs of insane rioters .
the only thing she clearly remembered was that a pack of undead prisoners arrived and began attacking the rapists .
the monotonous squeaking of his hammock and gentle rolling of the sailboat bobbing on the waves was the first thing lazarde was aware of upon waking .
the roar of an engine was the first thing he was aware of .
well , the thing is that i ca n't take anyone who 's absolutely sure that they do n't want to go .
it was an impossible thing but the scent of his burning brain cells was the only thing the chef could think of as he found himself wishing to strangle the manager , and perhaps toss him into the open fire pit oven that took up a good portion of the kitchen .. from behind the manager , who was still angrily spouting words that may have had meaning , the chef saw the kid washing the dishes trying desperately not to laugh out loud as he continued scrubbing something hidden from view under the bubbles and foam covered water .
the detective tilted his head and appeared to be considering what the chef just said , before saying , one thing bothers me , well a couple actually .
the nice thing about the deplorable state of television today ( at least for me ) is that it has , generally speaking , gotten so bad that i find myself with time to write fine literature ( cough ) as opposed to watching those shows currently being produced .
the first thing kimberly perceived was the overall size of the animal .
the second thing she focused on was its reddish , orange skin and the fact that it was completely hairless and almost transparent in places , its hulking muscled limbs extending down to join seamlessly with hooked talon claws .
nothing that could be of much use commander , the only other thing that comes to mind is the beast has a vulnerable rear end ; the rest of it is pretty much impenetrable to most weapons except big game rifles and grenades .
there is only one thing i want .
the first thing he noticed was the definite lack of an official welcome committee , no candlelit red carpet and no pomp and ceremony .
the second thing he witnessed was a black coloured limousine discreetly waiting on the tarmac , and at the side of the car , in - between its swept open doors , stood the solitary figure of a man dressed in a dark suit .
the first and most noticeable thing about the place was that everything inside was sparkling white in appearance .
their caution was the only thing that stopped me running up and hugging them on sight .
the only thing that remains is her sense of desperation .
i was cared for without the need of daycare for once , and the one thing that remains with me is a sweetness that found its home within me until my grandmother died .
the look was the same as the one i d seen in the dog , only the terror was muted ( grandma could never see that thing that others do in me ) .
because , after all , that was another thing those sweet salvationists did nt smile on : sitting around on your ass all day waiting for the dinner bell .
the only thing i knew for certain was i was most vulnerable alone .
and the damndest thing about it was most of the time they did nt even know they d been picked .
to this day , that was the creepiest thing of all .
i had to be thankful my pants leg was the only thing wet i had on .
my stomach screamed for food , howled long and loud for it ; the last thing i d eaten was that snickers bar at the greyhound station .
the only thing i could see was the back of his head .
the only thing missing is walls .
she needed a distraction , and the only thing that worked was physical exhaustion .
that had been another thing that marked his kills as different from typical rogue attacks .
the first thing she saw was a crib , white bars , a mobile over it .
he was telling her that the thing about herself that she hated was his favorite part .
she thought the thing that was worst about all of it was that she was experiencing both terror and desire at the same time .
the worst thing about all of it is how much i liked it .
yeah , that s the thing , said the guy .
for one thing , the betas were not exactly cooperative .
its weird and kind of gross , but apparently , they have this werewolf bondy thing now .
and its true , they have some weird scent thing .
for one thing , he never actually had a girlfriend .
fortune is a funny thing though , as for some bizarre , unexplainable reason , it always tends to have a short shelf life .
as her last roll came to a stop , the last thing diane saw was her own reflection in a shiny bumper as a city bus screeched to a stop , skidding right past her head and stopping beside her .
the last thing he remembered was being in the alley .
even more , they would have to simply hate it when a single human reaches out for the salvation god freely gives them because every time it would remind them of the one thing they have been denied .
the only thing ryan missed about his mother was her bookcase .
i think its a scent thing , or something , chris said , with a shrug .
possibly the only thing commendable about the place .
i thought back to the last substantial thing i 'd eaten ; a browning banana that morning as i stomped unhappily to the bus stop to start my work - ward journey .
instead , find somewhere with a stocked larder and hole up there until the last thing on the shelf is a tin of mackerel with a broken key .
he did a thing with his arms , as if he was scanning his own body with invisible metal detectors .
aside from the entrance and the poster , the only other thing breaking the monotonous , gloomy walls were elevator doors with a polished wooden veneer .
but that was n't the worst thing about the lift .
the thing about sarah , noel , scott , and maurice was that although they were mostly apathetic about each other and about reginald , all five were united by their shared loathing of walker and his clones .
he did nt know where he was or how he d gotten to wherever he was , but one thing he knew was that he was sitting in a pool of red liquid so large that it had to be some sort of gross practical joke .
the last thing he saw before blacking out was blood probably maurices blood in a pool of something that looked like oatmeal .
but that was the good thing about being a social misfit it did nt matter too much what other people thought , because they were constantly thinking the worst anyway .
that was another thing he d seen while studying his foes records .
duty was the only thing keeping the preacherman from bolting outside himself .
he was also tetloans only ally , companion , and the closest thing to a friend he had ever known .
the only thing more legendary than his strength was his kindness .
he could nt get a clear image of the enemy , but the one thing he could discern was that among this group he noticed many that were fleshless and skeletal ; similar to the ancient one that had been nearly impossible to take down .
the gods fought with them , empowering his weapon , its light the only thing between them and dark oblivion that threatened to engulf them .
even so , as heartless and false as reality proved itself to be , there was one thing he had yet to accept -- the belief that life her life held no meaning .
constantines swat antics might have been silly , but he was right about one thing : i d been through enough strange doors in my time to know it was best to do so with a gun in your hand .
riot duty was the last thing on my mind .
the first thing he noticed when he stepped out into the hall from the elevator was the strong smell of chocolate .
the last thing mike saw was the ground coming up fast just before he passed out .
he supplied her with everything her heart desired except for one thing and that was a commitment .
the first thing jim thought of the next morning when he awoke was the vision of mike .
those things , combined with him traveling from place to place to find his prey , left everyone on edge from the authorities to the public .
the thing that made his death peculiar was that there was no stool , no box , or no ladder for ed payton to climb up on to do it himself .
the only thing that kept him from leaving was that he could hear the partys music .
victor walked like a zombie into the hall , the only thing keeping him alive was pure adrenaline , but even that could only last for so long .
the only thing he had done since he began coming up here was standing his ground and looking right into the eyes of the murderer , never wavering .
one thing he did know was .
the one thing that haunted him mostafter he cut his hand and he looked down the hall to see his father running towards himwas seeing coleman 's face instead of his father 's .
the last thing i saw before losing consciousness was griffins light blue eyes and his smiling face .
` ` what 's the first thing you want to eat after getting back to your true home ? ''
the only thing even a little odd about it was that it was so perfectly suited to being a safe house .
still , the only thing i regret about shooting him was not doing it sooner .
really , the only thing that had changed at all was shed put on a little weight , so the quick movements seemed a little more forceful and intimidating .
the breath seemed to be the only thing keeping him up , and he slumped noticeably in his seat as it left him .
the question , the possibility matt might be some lost fool , was the only thing keeping him alive .
it was the one thing i never possessed . ''
lance was the exact oppositethe last thing he wanted was to get home and deal with that situation .
we just saw another guy that has the same thing .
the last thing he wanted to hear just then was a lecture .
that was the other thing about cassher snark made him laugh .
i m already pissed off that i have to intern for someone , and the last thing i need is to do it for a couple of shysters .
the only thing left is a shell of the woman she used to be .
the only thing that had differentiated them was the way that wesley slouched a touch more on the left side , and drooled a little , but then again , he always had .
the second thing that hit him was the smell .
the closest thing to a sign that there was an apocalypse going on was an overturned chair at the eat - in table and a plate with a dried out waffle and a dark stain of what was probably syrup sitting on it .
the weirdest thing about breaking out into one of my flesh - eating episodes was that i really did nt remember much .
young , fit , typical soldier , but did nt look a thing like a scientist .
situated on a six store strip which was the closest thing strandville had to downtown , devils ink was the black eye on the small towns otherwise simple , country faade .
the one thing i seem to be good at is surviving .
( every thing ) , you weigh the pros and cons of activating the gadget and being tracked , monitored , to check the news which is owned by the corporations and will tell you as much or as little as they deem necessary .
as i drew close nero veered off , running to the garden , his fear of the gate the only thing that would drive him from my side .
i want the last thing i see to be your face .
the only thing she did know was that once a fever started , the person was dead .
when i finally managed to sit up , i realized the only thing that was nt covered in trash were parts of my face .
that s the only thing that makes us any more human than those things out there , is nt it ?
the thing that really caught my attention was the axe sticking out of its head .
the thing that scared me the most was that i did nt see one dead person , and i knew there were nt exactly any clean - up crews or emts aroundat least not human ones .
the only thing that stopped me was the knowledge you have a possible cure .
all of us come from different backgrounds and walks of life , but we all have one thing in common .
the truly scary thing about the undead - besides of course the fact that they are what they are - is their unwavering ability to pursue you .
the only thing that kept you alive these days was a plan and the will to put it into action .
you have to remember that while we were subtly preparing before all of this , the last thing we wanted to do was draw attention to ourselves .
panic is a funny thing ; it can give you superhero capabilities or it can paralyze you .
its bitter taste was the first thing i felt sliding down my throat .
knowing you re immune to the zombie virus is one thing ; getting mauled by a crazed werewolf zombie in a cage is quite another .
one thing i do know , is the way he makes me feel , always !
only thing he gave me was the attitude to serve .
kan has a weird thing with zombies and their souls but the fact is , she is right and does nt even know it .
the last thing i saw before the picture went static was a hoard of infected zombies swarming over the news desk , the blood curdling screams of the reporter and the crew suddenly falling silent .
one thing i was pretty sure of though , was that the virus would be contained to australia .
for one thing , his knees locked in place just before the leg was fully extended , and for another his feet twisted inward and both sets of toes scraped together .
for one thing , she spoke less frequently when she was upset .
for one thing , it was very similar to the gargled cries it had made earlier while calling for its accomplices .
for one thing , it had a glossy sheen that natural pitch lacked , and for another there were chunks of something inside it .
for one thing , there was no way to tell where the floor of the giant burrow led , only that it descended into the ground like a ramp to the bad place .
if there was one thing chuck knew , it was that death afforded a certain lack of suffering .
so the thing of it is , is the heads eventually go bad .
it 's an eerie thing to be wandering in the dark , not totally seeing everything clearly , glimpsing movement in the shadows around me and believing i was not alone .
but something about her let him know that if he ever did happen upon that one thing that might not be so great about her , it would be best for him to forget it and go back to rule number one .
ryan took the sword and swung at the hellhound , the last thing he wanted was the claws or teeth getting a hold of him .
the only thing that ryan could see from above the temple was rock , the only good thing about this discovery is that meant that there was only one way in or out for the demons as well .
his own will to live will be the only thing that saves him .
this room was empty except for a small table , and the other thing ryan noticed was this room was clean there was no dust anywhere .
forca turned and left from lucifer , the last thing he wanted was to get hit by one of lucifers balls of fire and end up dead .
looking down is another thing again its almost worse than looking up , because what i m seeing isnot believable .
ghosts are the last thing we should be thinking about right now .
she and blanche only have one thing in common , and that is their uncanny power of perception .
it must be morbid fascination , the same thing that drew me to the burnt - out shell of mr andersons house .
that was another thing the sand taught him .
that was another thing the sand had taught him .
the only thing anyone will remember of their experience after you partake of their blood is that somehow they feel a closer affinity to you .
that was one of the things that had attracted her to him in the first place .
beautiful thing about the mist is we can be whoever we want to be in here .
no matter where he went , it was the same thing .
take the whole god explanation for one thing .
secondly is his whole presence thing .
the nice thing about this , especially here in the semi - darkness , was that there were nt very many places you could hide .
jens heart beat was the only thing she could hear as she struggled to make out the light clinking sound .
the first thing that caught his eye was the plunger , standing beside the toilet .
the last thing she needed was another relationship .
not a single bloody thing .
the first thing i noticed was the hair .
` ` it 's the only thing that matters , '' he said , and he shoved me .
chapter 12 desire the problem with cyrus is that he was the real thing .
that alone had been an all too humbling experience , and the only thing she clung to now was the hope that one day shed be able to buy herself a used piece - of - shit car .
and anyway , she had already seen the ugly truth : her life was pretty much over , and working on her birthday was just one more thing shed have to get used to .
jeffs wide smile turned shy and his brow did that sexy furrow thing it does when he s unsure of himself .
the only thing that warmed her was the burning sensation that had bloomed across her face .
the only thing she felt was relief when she saw grams white clapboard house appear through the car window .
dante gracefully lowered himself into the chair in front of gabriels desk , but the sudden jerk of his head to face gabriel was the only thing that seemed startled about dante .
but that s the funny thing about the united states educational system .
one good thing about not having any friends , you get to really pay attention to those around you .
for one thing how could she tell her sainted grandmother there were such things as werewolves and vampires and who knew what else ?
the last thing i want is you peeing on me , sweetie . ''
sex was the last thing on her mind .
by the time he was through , having sex was the last thing on her mind .
it was the only thing made sense : your watching the phases of the moon all the time .
i get the whole girlfriend my age thing , but you can always count on me .
in fact he d said the only thing was the presence of red flecks in their eyes , but to see those you d have to get a lot closer than you d ever want .
knowing what was going on behind him would ve been delightful to watch , but if macleod had shifted , he d be in a murderous rage , and if there was one thing that principal gerald p. sweetling valued most , it was his own precious hide .
the only thing she really did n't like about the room was that both the doors were out of her line of sight .
when the o'malleys fought , there was no such thing as discretion .
the only thing creepier than a deserted house was imagining movement within it , and it was easy to forget sometimes that the manor was inhabited .
the last thing she could remember that was not slightly wrong , slightly off from everything she had known was standing at the window of her room watching the sun set .
the nights were so silent the only thing she could hear was the beating of her own heart .
the closest thing to it is the sound of the wolves we hear sometimes from the woods beyond the property .
both were the same thing to her .
the other end was looped around lucinda 's neck and it was the only thing that supported her .
the only thing that would soothe her was lewis agreeing to stay in .
snapping her wrist was one thing , but making her bleed was another thing all together .
the only thing that was moving , were their eyes .
the only thing left untainted was her mouth and the hole from which it was protruding .
the first thing to know is that your mind is the most powerful thing in this world .
yes , you start relatively close to where you left off the last time , but that s about the only thing that does nt change .
the first thing she did upon entering her door was call terry .
the great thing about these gloves is that you can wear them while holding other weapons .
- the first thing mike noticed when he saw julie come out of her apartment was a slight limp in her step .
they continued walking side by side , leaving the forest behind them , flat grassland the only thing in sight .
the last thing i remember about this day was hitting a bump and the car mike looked back at the car .
the first thing he saw was a charred pile of material on the floor .
one thing he did know was that he needed to hear more , all of it if need be .
of course the most important thing about being eighteen was the freedom from aiden and florence , those dead beat parents who had never once sent him a birthday card or a christmas present .
but if the kid could compare this experience to a dj vu , then he d say the thing that felt missing was thunder and lightning .
unfortunately , the only thing angelo could count on was that the shot glass held an evil certainty that he would soon drink , and then as before , reality would drift like smoke upon an unpredictable wind , and where it took him then , only red would know .
still , the bartender reminded himself that battles such as these , although rare , had one thing in common : the inevitable .
the one thing each recruit had in common was that they d each slid a little bit down the evolutionary scale since coming here .
angelo found that after two years of wearing canvas sacks the thing he missed most of all was his snakeskin boots , the ones with the low heels and pointed toes .
you know there 's no such thing as hope during christmas . ''
there is no such thing as being the hero for something like this .
that was the one thing that did bother him about living up here ; the awful sound of the wind .
seems that being a vampire , and keeping up the appearance of normality were one and the same thing .
one thing about being over a hundred years old : you had something to show for it .
the one thing he noticed above all was how abnormally clean it was : the floor swept , the sheets clean and the wallpapered walls free of dirt .
though she was very independent , if there was one thing that she truly lacked when she was at the convent , it was someone there to protect her .
when nicu opened his eyes , the first thing he saw was lina , gulping spoonfuls from the pot of vampire brew .
there ai nt a damn thing wrong with that girl .
the thing that amy did nt know about angel was that she had been the unofficial hair stylist for the past twenty years at the i.s.m.h . , along with manicuring , ear piercing and makeup tips for the level one ladies of the hospital .
the only thing she was grateful for , now that they were walking through the dense forest , was that the sun was no longer beating down on her from above .
they kissed , and for an instant , the only thing in the world that gibbons knew was her .
the only thing i did nt like about my room was the hideous blue flowered drapes .
the thing i liked most about my room was the 42 inch tv that sat on top of the wannabe fireplace .
one thing about sylvie : you never had to wait for her to get to the point .
for one thing , he could feel it in his blood : he was nt tired anymore , but he was hungrier than ever .
but there was one thing that did nt come back : the fading of human concerns , the loss of conscience , the constant vigilance , and the hunting for weakness in othersthe soulless part of being a vampire .
one thing shed learned that always served her well : when in doubt , eliminate the problem and explain later .
for one thing , he d promised the fbi he would nt tell anyone .
that was the other thing about jill : every dime she managed to scrape up that did nt go toward grooming , she put into her cellphone .
one thing about being a vampire : you no longer harbored illusions .
i m not instinctively sensing a damn thing .
the only good thing about her death was that it had happened before pattys kidnapping .
horny is one thing , kate said .
funny thing is , until the battle started , both sides were convinced god was on their side .
for one thing , the parking lot was streaked with tire tracks , as if cars were arriving and leaving all the time .
zak , with me , mac stay here with your mother no objections , no arguments , just obedience , it was the only thing which had kept us alive at times .
the light fades , i do not know what we are going to find inside , but one thing i do know is that whatever it is , we do not want to find it in the dark .
one thing that surprises me is how neat everything is .
that was the one redeeming thing about working third shift .
first the blonde bimbo her ex was banging , and now this arrogant bitch ) was one thing they had in common , losing others was another .
trust me , the last thing i want to do is eat you .
if there is one positive thing from any of this , it was spending time with you .
the only thing she ever heard from them were garbled growls .
she had loved having company over ; one thing he never did well with .
the last thing he needed was to fall to pieces .
the only thing left was the smell of the oil and the rhythmic motion of her hands as she sang her wordless song .
that s the other thing that s bothering me .
the first thing that struck him was how cute she was , the next was that she must be his granddaughter .
see , the thing about training is you do nt need to be smart ; it all comes without thinking .
the last thing lyn wanted was to lie in a chair while ted hovered over her , but the three coerced her ; its convenient , its free , its perfect .
the first thing i felt was warmth spreading in tendrils from my chest out to my limbs .
after he graduated from high school and was working in a warehouse , he would walk up to male co - workers and ask , you know the one good thing about women other than sex ?
luck is a mysterious thing that few ordinary people understand .
their boat filled with water in a matter of minutes and the last thing kevin saw as he stood in water chest deep , was the water moccasin changing course and heading straight toward his face .
the sad thing was that my dad was like that for many people during his life and when he was down on his luck , no one was around with a giving hand or helpful word .
the next thing to go was an extremely ragged pair of sneakers .
the first thing he noticed was a small , black dog , very similar to sneezer , barking at another nearby dog .
the only thing truly appalling was the very unfeminine snoring .
usually , morning drinking was not his thing , but not today .
the only other thing was a coffee table spilling magazines out on the floor .
samuel is one thing .
the lawyer reluctantly faced the man who put a hell of a lot of food on his table , cars in his garage , fancy dresses around his wifes ass , and the first thing he felt was intense surprise and then desultory disgust at the twisted amusement in williams mad eyes .
he s the closest thing to a real - life superhero that most guys will ever meet .
the only thing that was keeping cell phones working so far was the lack of normal usage .
the wonderful thing about zombies was they were predictable .
one of the things that had fascinated me about zombies was that when they were killed they did nt rot .
the only good thing about these relationships is the sex has been great .
the most important thing to him was to do the right thing regardless of the consequences .
i suppose the thing that bothered me the most was how the whole structure , door included , seemed covered in viscous , sinister darkness .
the first thing i noticed when i stepped through the heavy wooden doorway was the way the late afternoon sunlight splashed brilliant colors through the stained glass and across the oak floors .
the last thing she wanted to do was give in to a fit of hysterics .
the scariest thing to me , though , is who am i ?
chapter thirty not being able to drive was the hardest thing about her arm , but gracie had brett drive her into atlanta for her doctors appointment and to see the voodoo queen , almira hayes .
ever since shed moved in , that is the one thing that d been elsewhere .
that was another thing that d changed .
the only thing he could stomach were certain protein drinks and just the thought of another one sent ironic waves of revulsion through his system .
he pulled into his driveway nineteen minutes later ( that was another thing they d liked about the house , its proximity to both of their workplaces ) , not at all surprised to see her car where he d left it this morning .
but now the only thing she felt was fear .
the only thing that did nt seem congruent was the fact the thing had mentioned terri .
regardless , it felt like fucking english class to him and if there was one thing in life william john kamp hated above all others , it was writing .
the first thing he noticed was a tv sitting in the corner .
intuition , the thing that had kept more than a few dogs off his ass .
instinct was one thing ( and many times a right thing ) , but these were peoples lives she was dealing with .
the last image of her daughter was the thing that plagued her now , worse than anything shed seen or thought shed seen since moving in .
the only thing that kept his finger still was the fear that the dogs were still out there somewhere and he d hit one by mistake .
the first thing the image did was produce a high raging hard on .
the second thing the image did was blanket his body in a gossamer mesh of pleasure .
i was thinking about killing myself way before that and if there s one thing i do know is now i m not .
the only thing he d mentioned over the phone was her name , whetting skates appetite .
tried to picture the woman in her minds eye but the only thing that surfaced were the notes shed written afterward .
the first thing that struck her was how many curtains were drawn .
chapter 39 : pieces and parts the last thing on james arnolds mind when he walked into the precinct that day was carolyn skate .
one thing he d forgotten was a flashlight but he did nt think he d need it .
the annoying thing for ned was that he 'd planned to get a taxi back with rich later in the night having missed the last bus by several hours and only having enough change left in his wallet from the nights beer guzzling exploits to get him a kick up the arse and a slap in the mouth from a pissed off driver who 'd want ten times the amount to travel back to his home town .
at least one good thing was clearly obvious about the young lad , he seemed quite pissed ( slurring the odd word as he 's conversation took a more interesting path in complementing her on her marvellous appearance and looks ) and interested only in looking at her breasts .
courage is a strange thing .
for one thing he was still knackered and the bumps , aches , bruises and cuts he 'd accumulated from the night were now singing their screams out louder and higher than a young aled jones .
that was one good thing about richard pontopping , when it came to superstitious bullshit ; he 'd buy it every time .
and as he has pointed out to me , the one thing about being a certified and paranoid psychopath is that you do nt consider such things as deformities when the blood in your veins is boiling over .
however , the one thing you could always say about rich was that he was never ready to admit defeat when it came to performing with the old vocal gymnastics and he felt quite confident that what he did nt know about shakespeare did nt really matter .
the only thing odd about them to note , though there was nobody around to see them , was that the girl was virtually invisible .
the first thing i noticed about her were her dazzlingly cerulean eyes .
and the last thing fischer ever felt was the cold steel of a razor as shane split open his throat .
the light was the first thing that hit me .
` ` the appearance of faces and those sounds of horses all occur at a single place and this is the only reason why we are behind that , one more thing mr ashlesh has sacrificed his place in order to catch him only and as far as i know him , he would not have done it if he would not have been sure '' he said .
` ` the best thing which i liked the most about my college is the self confidence of the students studying here '' i gave a smile on it , we were not having a little bit of that thing which he was talking about and he was proud of that , this was our einstein who was handling the stage today , i tried to look at mr yaseen whom i was accepting to be there on the teacher 's chair but he was not there , his seat was empty , i thought he would be busy with our mission and then tried to give an ear to the words of our most dearest teacher , he gave a good lecture in the beginning and then called gilani who was not according to the expectation 's of us , goku was right he was not at all good at speaking , he got disturbed several times and made many mistakes , though his content was ok , before our turn , was the speech of our director , so when he was going with his speech we were called behind the stage by einstein .
i was able to control myself in any circumstances but not my hunger , i was having a fixed time to have my food and if that time crosses out then my temper began to rise up , it was a very usual thing with me .
and one thing more : teleportation , bryan said , pointing at the screen .
under the san francisco bay kathryn had learned one very important thing from the experience of walking through a narrow concrete tunnel under 160 feet of ocean : she was mildly claustrophobic .
funny thing bout movie impersonations , one day they ll a soft punch to the side fluffed out any air that would have otherwise been wasted on jims joke and gave vincent just enough silence to enter the house stress free .
now , another interesting thing about biker bob was the way he talked .
the only thing holding the guitar together was the strings , i could nt tell you what held bobs head together .
the next thing orson remembered was being in bed with the most beautiful woman he had ever encountered riding atop him .
he was dazed and lost ; the only thing he wanted was to be on the other mysterious side of the poster .
the last thing he saw was a curtain of blue and then he was out .
tomorrow , first thing , she should insert a help - wanted advertisement in the usual newspaper .
we d never get there , for one thing .
the glasses were the only thing that had nt changed .
you want to know the worst thing about luck ?
the only thing i remember clearly is the suffering .
like an idiot , i tried to offer my sympathies , and suddenly realized this woman probably wanted to see me burn , so instead of a heartfelt condolence , i began to spill my guts into the receiver : ` ` ma'am , i understand that my voice is the last thing you want to hear .
at that moment , the last thing he wanted to be was part of any church that they were members of .
the only thing that brought him peace was the magical thought that lily was still lily at some point in time , in some dimension , on some , unseen plane .
about the only thing ill miss about hearken is our chats .
jerking road kill and a zombie fox were one thing , a human corpse with hand to eye coordination quite another .
two puny fiberglass columns were the only thing remotely georgian about the place .
one thing about the fog in this forest , when it comes , it brings the night with it , he said as he stood at the front door watching as the fog slowly covered up the house .
the first thing he saw as he neared haripur was the completed temple .
the last thing manju felt before she fainted was the shape enveloped her from all sides .
and , i almost want to say , the most fucked up thing about it is it ai nt comfortable but it ai nt gon na kill me either .
but i guess its that head thing again .
this streaking thing just did nt pad out for me .
besides i could put out my eye or something and about the only thing i could imagine that would be much worse than this was blind .
i could still hear the shotgun in the back reaches of my mind and if there s one thing i have learned , its that you just never know .
the last thing i needed right then was to meet up with a whole gang of that variety .
because that s another thing the movies had got all wrong .
but again , i d been in contact with this bunch for longer than i wanted to figure and there was still that curiosity thing that was eating me from the inside out .
there is one marked peculiarity about this paper , a thing nobody seems to notice but myself , and that is that it changes as the light changes .
the only thing i can think of that it is like is the color of the papera yellow smell !
it broke out into three arms , for one thing , that only met again a hundred kilometers farther down , and for a canoe there were no indications which one was intended to be followed .
i began to whistle -- a thing i always do unconsciously when utterly nonplussed -- and purposely paid no attention to his words .
` ` but you 're quite right about one thing , '' he added , before the subject passed , ` ` and that is that we 're wiser not to talk about it , or even to think about it , because what one thinks finds expression in words , and what one says , happens . ''
he was more phlegmatic , for one thing .
the first thing i noticed when i climbed out of the jeep was the sweet smell of the flowering trees .
actually , it was another one of those quirky things that ronnie had found so charming about the place .
for one thing , it would draw a lot of public attention .
still , it was just another thing that made being part of the family so frustrating .
the last thing that man has in him is spontaneity .
the last thing he needed was a lecture from the reaper about ruining the taste of a great gourmet dinner .
dinner was in the works , and the last thing either of them wanted was to keep him waiting .
last thing i need is your father on my ass .
last thing we need is trouble .
last thing i need is a nasty ass teenager .
the last thing i need is bits of my face flying off into the air .
the last thing you need is to have your heart broken .
the last thing he needed to deal with was a storm .
it was the first thing he had to drink since last night and it hit the spot with its fizzy sweetness .
the tumult of emotions , the surge of strength , and the sudden mental epiphanies were a personal thing to describe .
the only thing that was different in a human was location and bob was pretty experienced with animals .
the first thing he noticed was the smell .
but by the time megan arrived , the only thing left of her sisters house was blackened hillside and a charred foundation ; an out - of - control brushfire had taken everything .
the thing that tipped jack off was the mans clothing , or lack thereof .
the leaves of a young fan palm rustled in the hot breeze , their woody shh shh the only thing he could hear .
the only thing left was the blackened stumps of buildings and charred earth as far as he could see .
the first thing he noticed was the temperature .
if there was one thing he had learned from sun tzu , it was the value of patience .
the first thing jack saw was the zombie corpse sprawled on the floor .
the thing that burned him up most of all was she just did nt seem to care anymore .
my mother , for one thing .
caffeine was the last thing she needed , but she settled back in her chair and snapped her head forward .
if there is one thing you are not , doctor , it is responsible , responsible for anything , least of all for yourself and for what you say .
were alive , for one thing .
the only thing that s up is my temper .
finally , there was josey 's most hated thing about being big and tall .
walking inside , the first thing he noticed was the skeleton on the bed but a close second was the neon red hair on top of its head .
the only thing charlie remembered with clarity about the garden of eden was the fact that it was paradise until a woman came along and fucked it all up .
closing his eyes , he chewed the day and a half old baloney , cheese and peanut butter sandwich and thought it tasted like the best thing he 'd eaten in a long time .
that was one thing billy knew to be undeniable as he lowered himself into the bathtub filled with bubble bath .
the first thing he saw were several dozen bloody bodies scattered across the room .
it left me there ; a smile on his crimson - coated lips was the last thing my human eyes saw .
when he pulled the old 2004 chevrolet malibu into the driveway the first thing he noticed was that the house was dark .
once love is gone , you 're alone ; the only thing left is loneliness and grief .
that was the good thing about having neighbors , he thought .
i think that 's the thing that makes me shiver the most , remembering the feel of them in my mouth or a leg hanging over my lips .
we 're the only thing we ' ve got right now .
the only thing that mattered in that moment was the warm bond between her and michael that grew stronger every day .
amber realized that food was probably the least thing on paulette 's mind .
the kisses were the only thing needed for amber to finally surrender .
* * * the next coherent thing i recall is waking up in the hospital bed feeling fine except for the whiplash , the tiny multiple glass cuts on my arms , the bruised forehead and chest , the aching muscles and the sprained left ankle .
that was the one thing i did really appreciate about my father .
the only thing i wanted was to wake up and find that it was all just a terrible dream .
the only thing different this time was the crutches .
the first thing i remember from my dream is the night .
in what way anyone can be said to experience such a thing in sleep is beyond me but i did feel it .
the kids had apparently stayed close to the floor and covered themselves with the blanket to keep from inhaling the smoke , which i knew was the thing which killed most people in a house fire .
the last thing i needed in my life was one more person to get in on the fun .
but her advanced age was actually the second thing i noticed about her .
the first thing i noticed was her face .
one thing i already noticed about our conversation was that it was changing .
the strange thing was i could nt see the guys face .
the first thing i saw was the mess .
the only things we could see about the trunk were the scratches made from human finger nails on the inside and the fact that the back had been broken open .
the only thing that douglas was completely incorrect about was the level of billys intelligence , he was very smart , even if he did nt always act it .
the only thing holding her in check and keeping her from losing her temper was the simple fact that she knew that it would have no effect on her friend .
the last thing he grabbed was a long sword off of the wall .
it was a strange thing about him , he did nt litter when he could help it .
the one thing i envy people who live in the country for is the darkness they are blessed with at night .
it was a strange thing about the man , he seemed to scratch the same places , in order , every morning .
being a man was one thing , drinking black coffee on the other hand was just crazy .
the first thing that he noticed has he stepped into the shade was that the stone floor was littered with old broken bits of discarded tools .
the group voted and decided that they would give the bandits a couple days head start and take off themselves , which was the only thing that stopped them from piling into kime and going .
what if evan had the same thing that vicky hadthat all the zombies were afflicted with ?
your one hundred pound hammer for one thing , and that second chef zombie .
the first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was a gargantuan , moonlit pudding , adorned with a pony tail and clad in a trench coat .
i tried to convey my feelings in that kiss , to make it say i love you , to make it scream that he was my life , the only thing i knew .
if there was one thing i looked forward to , it was to get to the beach and soak up the sun with sound of the waves as the background music to my relaxation .
i was content to be lost in this day for eternity if i could be granted such a thing .
it was the only thing he was better at than jeanine .
the only thing that matters here is survival . ''
he knew the only good thing about valentine 's day was the color : red .
about the only thing jessica became good at was her sense of direction .
the first few years with angela were great except for one thing : charles .
chapter 33 the steady hum of the airplane slicing through the sky was n't the only thing torque had to endure .
` ` it 's the only thing i have left from my past .
her heartbeat was the only thing moving faster than her feet .
the only thing similar to the mordechai nick knew were the eyes : they stared out from the page with a pale urgency of desperation which sharply contrasted the bright smile flickering across his lips .
the only thing you should be sensing in me right now is that you should stay away from me .
his father was half irish and half indian , so he has dark skin , but his mother was a petite blonde , so he s got that towhead thing going on .
i was exhausted , but the adrenaline was still coursing through my veins , and sleep was the last thing on my mind .
his face went absolutely sarcastic , and the only thing he left out was rolling his eyes .
hemp was bringing up the rear in his mobile lab , which he had equipped with some items he believed he d need in his efforts to help jamie and discover a cure for this thing .
there s not a fucking thing about the past 36 hours that has nt been disturbing , said gem , rubbing her face with her gloved hands .
as the plastic peeled away , we saw what nobody wanted to see , but the first thing we were bombarded with was the reek .
the july night was hot and muggy , but the georgia weather was the last thing on my mind that evening .
wind was the one thing we d be unable to control .
the only thing that was familiar was the scent of vanilla bean left over from the candles .
i know that is the thing that you want most .
the only thing she was n't good for was support when he needed to actually go get the shit .
it was the cutest thing , it made malcolm want to hold him in his arms and cradle the poor boy .
it did not hurt though , one good thing about being who he was , was that he was pretty much immune to pain .
that 's one thing people do n't expect about colorado when they go there , it can get pretty damn windy .
one thing that was always bothersome was his eyes .
it was the closest thing to healthy that he wanted to get .
` ` hey man , do n't mind me asking , but do you have some sort of growth thing or something ? ''
the thing about doing heroin and coke is , you felt the effects of both simultaneously .
be away from eternal life even for a day ... sleep was the closest thing he came to death .
the first thing he noticed about himself was the paleness of his skin .
one thing people do n't know about these so called melting icebergs and snow masses is that whenever it seems to get smaller on top ( as in icebergs and glaciers ) new ice forms an even bigger foundation on the bottom , which you ca n't see because it 's deep under water .
one thing malcolm hated was extreme heat , even though he did n't sweat , it 's still uncomfortable when he condensated and loses moisture .
it is an eerie thing , how it is only in the fall , when we notice that dark , ominous rogue wind .
the gunman on the right was petrified in place , the only thing he could move was his eyes .
it was repairing itself right before the gunman 's eyes , the last thing to return was the left eyeball .
he always called me dickie , still does , and that 's another thing i guess i 'll never be able to like .
` ` but , as to details : they all come down to one thing , i believe - telepathy or aspects of same .
climbing 's the last thing on my mind .
he rose above me so that most of his body was held away with his hands on the couch , his lower body the only thing that was touching me .
short of getting the kind of job that my dad thinks is a manly job , getting married , and starting a family , not a damn thing .
i think the only thing that had kept her from having a higher body count was that the lycanthropy saved her victims lives .
the only thing he changed was thathe fucked me harder , pounding himself inside me harder and faster .
the only thing that kept me in the chair was that i could nt decide what to do .
the only thing that made it not an absolute complete clusterfuck was that leopard and lion were still in hiding .
it was the one thing we 'd shared with each other that one of us knew how to feed on .
i was a dominant who sometimes bottomed , but it 's not the same thing as a true switch to submissive .
the best thing about the dryer besides the warmth was it was too loud for anyone to talk around me .
the only thing that made the bites bad was that there were too many of them .
` ` wereanimals are harder to kill , for one thing , '' i said , as we watched more bodies simply lying against the walls or in the middle of the tunnel .
i know the only thing that keeps giving those kids to you from being evil is your own innate goodness .
the anger was fading and the only thing left behind was numbness .
i was better , but that 's not the same thing as being all right .
the shoes were three - and - a - half - inch heels , a little wider than spikes , thank god , but with panels on the closed - toe heels that were silver , clear , clear black , and ended up being mostly clear like the dress , so that the silver heels were the thing you noticed most about the shoes .
she said the blue turban was the last thing she could remember until the bald desk clerk had finally unlocked the shattered double doors of the atlantic avenue inn and let her in .
for one thing , he pointed out , they were relatively safe here in the atlantic avenue inn , especially with the elevators locked down and lobby access from the stairwell blocked off .
an anything - that - comes - to - hand thing .
` ` people who can move things around just by thinking about it , for one thing .
cheatham lodge 's long front porch , with its comfortable wicker furniture and its view of academy slope rolling down to academy avenue , was made for sunny autumn afternoons like this , but at that moment the ambience was the furthest thing from clay 's mind .
one thing he knew for sure was that the phoners would be dying out there , more every night .
we had to raise our voices to make ourselves heard clearly that was another thing about arnie 's girl christine ; she had an extremely loud and rumbling voice .
if there was one thing our buddy ralph was n't going to have impugned in front of his kids , it was his common decency .
they were so perfectly rational about it , that was the thing .
he looked tired , for one thing there were circles under his eyes - but at the same time his complexion seemed a trifle better than it had been lately .
coach puffer was n't a wretch like will darnell , but he was no rose ; like half the smalltown high school coaches in america , he had patterned his coaching techniques on those of the late vince lombardi , whose chief scripture was that winning was n't everything , it was the only thing .
' the other thing that got me was that ned did n't sound pissed off or ... or ashamed ... or rejected , or anything like that .
' anyway , the other problem was just that lebay himself customized the original detroit rolling stock - plymouth did n't offer a fury in , red and white , for one thing - and i ' ve been trying to restore the car more the way he had it than the way detroit meant it to be .
for one thing , he had grown cynical .
well , before she almost choked to death in your car , for one thing .
but the guy had n't even tried to persuade him to stay , that was the thing .
' there were tracks in the snow , for one thing .
' there 's only one other thing , really , ' junkins said , ' and it 's very subjective .
she was nearly mad with frustration - the thing she hated above all others was not getting her way when she absolutely wanted to have it , needed to have it ; this had in fact ever happened to her since she left home .
you could n't keep up with him , for one thing , and he 'd get mean for another .
that 's another thing that used to drive us all fucking bugshit , the way he always listened to that rock and roll music like he was some kid instead of old enough to qualify for social - fuckingsecurity .
we went back in time , for one thing .
putting one over on a fellow who was borderline retarded did n't add a thing to my self - esteem , however .
i only remember one thing about him , but i remember that one thing very well his anger .
i only remember one thing about him , but i remember that one thing very well his anger .
he could n't be both places at once , that was the thing .
the first thing marty saw were exotic chinese markings on the package 's label .
the thing about this castle is , it appears to be open .
johnny sometimes thought that the most terrible thing about the american literary establishment was how they let you swing in the wind , slowly strangling , while they all stood around at their asshole cocktail parties , congratulating themselves on how kind they were being to poor old what ' s - his - name .
one thing had n't changed over the years : he loved to be recognized god , how he loved it .
he was smiling , and here was another thing not to like .
the first thing he was aware of when he put the phone to his ear was how heavy the static was - he was amazed the call had gone through at all .
he told himself that was crazy , absolutely nutzoid , but maybe the nuttiest thing of all was that he did n't really think it was .
for one thing , whatever was happening to this awful man was now speeding up .
it felt as if one of the more vital circuits in his head had shorted out , for one thing .
gunpowder , for one thing ; to the cougar , the smell of the fired guns was still sharp and acrid .
the sound of the flies was driving me crazy , for one thing , and it was hot .
` ` well , i do n't see her , for one thing .
there 'd been a cave - in , men were trapped , and the last thing anyone cared about just then were a couple of scared china - boys who happened to get out in the nick of time . ''
she saw the closet - demon of her childhood , a bogey she had for some reason called apple jack , slumped in the corner with his brown fruit - face all pulled in on itself , grinning , waiting for her to wander into his deadly embrace ; the last thing she 'd smell would be his cidery aroma , which was for the time being masked by the stench of spoilage , as he hugged her to death , all the time covering her face with wet avid uncle - kisses .
i got thinking about stuff , i guess - one thing the woods are great for is thinking about stuff - and then i was on my own .
' i get the same thing from peanuts .
' well , he thinks it 's november eleventh , for one thing . '
when you 're lost in the woods , the only thing you have to work on is not going crazy . '' '
' i know , but he 's the closest thing to a doctor we got - and i think that fellow needs doctoring . '
he 's eighty if he 's a day , and if there 's one thing old women and old men are not short on , it 's hysteria . '
if the world had really been full of strange things , henry doubted he would have been so eager to leave it , but if there was one thing a psychiatrist knew how to do ( other than write prescriptions for prozac and paxil and amblen , that was ) , it was tell lies .
they had n't had a leader , but henry had been the closest thing to it .
pete is disappointed that this year 's tiger homecoming queen is n't bollocky bare - ass , but the thing about how she 's holding her skirt up inflames them all , feeding some primal , semi - secret notion of how sex really works .
one thing about the beav , he knows a really excellent rank when he hears it .
the thing which amazes beaver the most about it is how much of it he understands .
but that was the thing about duddits - he was in his thirties now , but he would die a child , and long before he turned forty .
what he wanted right now - the only thing he wanted - was to get out of this conversation with his ass on straight .
and one good thing about being the boss : you did n't have to answer questions you did n't want to answer .
the important thing was that he was finally full .
for one thing , he was clear of the byrus .
the humbling thing was how prosaic most of it was .
this was a magic place , a make - it - up - as - you - go - along place , and the most marvelous thing about it , jonesy supposed , was that everybody had one .
it needed the truck , for one thing .
the only thing the view had to recommend it was that , as he stood here taking it in , jonesy was as far from mr gray as he could possibly get .
4 for one thing , the interior of the truck had changed .
the first thing he became aware of was the wind , still howling like a woe - dog .
he knew what it meant , all right ; the one named pete had possessed the same thing , the same talent , although likely not as strongly as this puzzling other , this duddits .
i learned that my - other - life thing from wireman .
she sees nan melda - not just the housekeeper but the closest thing to a mother this little girl knows .
it 's another thing that 's come back .
that my mind had been as badly hurt as my body was a thing i only came to realize once i was alone and all other voices dropped away .
for one thing , the figure in the red robe did n't look like a guy .
the only thing ... '' ` ` ye- ess ? ''
` ` she sort of is , that 's the thing !
` ` thing to remember about jealousy is it comes , it goes .
the matter of candy brown was n't the next thing , only the next obvious thing .
said he was drinking too much , for one thing , and sometimes going in to his office with a ten o'clock shadow .
` ` there 's only one thing about it that worries me , '' i said ... and then had to laugh .
the other thing that amazes me is how fast you ' ve worked .
my telepathy thing that little twinkle is gone .
` ` the first thing we establish once we get past the introductions is pam freemantle knows zip and zoop about a big art exhibition five weeks hence by her ex - husband .
` ` the oddest thing . ''
the breeze was good and the view was better , making me realize that the one thing you rarely got in florida was height .
for one thing , his legs , cocked and clad in blue breeches , did not move as he passed in front of us .
` ` same thing as charley , really .
it made the thought of not having them the worst thing in the world .
sullen is not my favorite thing .
hope is a wonderful thing , but it can be used by very bad people to get you to cooperate until it 's too late .
' that 's the insidious thing about disappearing , son .
that 's one thing about sitting in the big chair ; people can say that and almost always be right .
if there 's one thing cops know about , kiddo , it 's preserving the chain of evidence .
that 's another thing about men that gets you , how in almost the blink of a damned eye they can go from being loudmouth galoots who cut each other in the bars over the least little thing ?
and while i ' m at it , that 's the other thing about men -just when you 're at your most disgusted with them , they can lay you out with some gratuitous act of generosity and all at once , stupid but true , instead of being mad you feel ashamed of yourself for ever having had a mean and cynical thought about them .
' it 's the only thing , darlin .
only one thing in the landscape had changed .
' i think the last thing you see is going to be a whole lot of nothing much before you choke to death on whatever they breathe over there . '
not that there were n't rewards , as well ; for one thing , i got to set my fictional town of statler just down the road apiece from rocksburg , the town which serves as the locale for k.c .
the important thing was the grin .
jessie opened her eyes and the first thing she saw was gerald , lying on his own reflection in the highly polished bedroom floor like some grotesque human atoll .
on the afternoon of the eclipse it sounded a bit like her mother 's voice ( it called her tootsie , for one thing , as sally sometimes did when she was irritated with jessie for shirking some chore or forgetting some responsibility ) , but jessie had an idea it was really the voice of her own adult self if its combative bray was a little distressing , that was only because it was too early for that voice , strictly speaking .
the bed moved out from the wall more easily than she could have hoped for , but one thing she 'd never questioned was that it would move , if she ever managed to get sufficient leverage .
the big thing about the car isthe locks .
she had smelled exactly the same thing on gerald , not three hours ago .
there were bigger problems than grownups who could n't get along , there were wasps , for one thing , and trisha thought she would give anything to see mona again .
thank god - the last thing she wanted was to faint while standing almost waist - deep in stagnant , mucky water .
she could n't feel anything watching her anymore , that was one thing - oh you liar , the cold voice said .
dirt was one thing .
other than some murky water , a handful of dried , tasteless berries , and her dirty clothes , it was just about her only thing .
little league has one thing in common with almost all american sports and business endeavors : nothing succeeds like success .
only one thing in it seemed of import : that crazed and trembling voice which had told them to get out of the house or be killed .
i realized something and did the girl thing and said it out loud .
but one thing i knew was that even if a bullet did n't go through , it still hurt , so i aimed at the middle body mass , using the shots to force him back away from edward .
i could n't remember what dr . fields had said the pills were , but whatever they were they were strong , because the last thing i heard before i fell asleep , or passed out , was the purr of the engine , and edward at the wheel .
one of the things i liked about the marshals service was that the normal branch had more women than any other law enforcement unit in the country .
machen , who also gave a statement on the morning following adrian mellon 's death , said : ` ` the last thing i heard him say as him and his buddies walked off was , ` ` next time i see him he 's going to be in serious hurt . ''
there were no women to fight over , for one thing , and these men , fags or not , seemed to have learned a secret of getting along with each other which their heterosexual counterparts did not know .
it was not just the town 's tightly homophobic attitude , an attitude as clearly expressed by the town 's preachers as by the graffiti in bassey park , but that was one thing he had been able to put his finger on .
it was this noise - maker thing , you know ?
without even pausing - if you had to pause to find your voice , there was usually no voice there to be found - rich said : ` ` kinky briefcase , sexual accountant , here - i had a fellow come in the other day who wanted to know what the worst thing was about getting aids . ''
stuttering bill 's just what we used to call him ... just a thing we used to say , like ` ` you bet your fur . ''
it would have been good to say that , but he was so tightly wound right now it would have taken him about twenty minutes or so , and by then eddie might have slipped into a comber ( that was another thing bill had learned from drs casey and kildare ; you never went into a comber ; you always slipped into one ) .
for one thing , bill himself had still been feeling too punk to work up a really good quarrel with george .
the first thing he noticed was the dry mustiness of the air - no one 's opened a window in here for a long time , he thought .
there were no really little kids in the building , that was the thing .
the only good thing i remember about burgaw is possum pie with hoecakes spread around her just as pretty as you could want .
the thing was , she also trotted the starving children out if i did n't clean my plate . ''
in some ways , the atlanta comparison is the thing about all of this that frightens me the most .
` ` because there 's one other thing we six have in common .
the only thing that really remains is to finish going through it , to complete the job of catching up , of stapling past to present so that the strip of experience forms some half - assed kind of wheel .
the thing richie remembered about jimmy cullum , a quiet little boy who also wore spectacles , was that he liked to play scrabble on rainy days .
` ` killing cans is one thing , '' beverly said .
it 's not the same thing as the way ( you been a slutchild ) he 's looking at me now !
he felt that the only thing keeping him from just sitting down in the water and blubbering like a baby - or just going crazy - was bill 's calm , sure presence ... and beverly .
looks like it 's going to pour buckets , for one thing .
one thing about living with lulu , and maybe to my credit , i always knew when i was beat .
` ` the great thing about having loads of money is not having to sell to survive . ''
the irritating thing about village life , he thought , was that there were n't enough people for there to be any perfect strangers instead there were just enough to keep one from knowing immediately who many of the villagers were .
the open garbage can overflowed onto the floor and emitted the warm reek of spoiling food , but that was n't the only thing wrong , or the worst smell .
dugan was quite unremarkable save for one thing : he looked like annie 's father .
a little talent is a nice thing to have if you want to be a writer , but the only real requirement is that ability to remember the story of every scar .
for one thing , no one could quite decide on the most basic fact of all : was polly from town , or was she from away ?
the plaques in front of the trading cards and the pulp magazines read : others available upon request all the items , whether trash or treasure , had one thing in common , she observed : there were no price - tags on any of them .
and he remem i remembered one other thing , as well : the certainty that he was living the best hour of the best day of his life .
the only thing that struck hugh about the man in that confused moment was his eyes - they were as black as an indian 's .
too much direct eye - contact was another thing which usually made him feel like he wanted to fight .
only one thing about having the sandy koufax card was troubling .
he did n't want to give back the sandy koufax card , that was the thing .
it occurred to her that pleasure , no matter how deep , was a ghostly , ephemeral thing .
lewiston raceway was the only track which ran nightly during the fall season , for one thing , and it was pretty small potatoes .
for one thing , it was warm .
it was the thing she disliked most about the pills .
but the day had one thing in common with the lives of nettle and wilma : it was over .
one of the things he noticed was the fact that there was a light on in the living area above needful things .
the only thing that mattered was getting home .
there 's the question of size , for one thing .
she could remember the days when smiling had come naturally to her ; next to praying , smiling had been the most natural thing in the world .
the only trouble was , the first thing the new man wanted was another one , and ace 's supply was severely depleted .
these patrons approached hesitantly , even fearfully in some cases , but all of them had one thing in common : they were angry people with heavy grudges to tote .
that was a disturbing voice , all right , and the most disturbing thing about it was the fact that it was her own voice .
he had put it there so it would be the last thing he ever saw when he stepped off the stool .
the heat was the first thing that struck me , warm and good .
the third thing that struck me was the eye .
i ' m old enough to know there 's no such thing as love at first sight .
as i got closer to the sound , the beat , the music got to be a palpable thing .
my head hurts like a bastard , and the last thing i need this morning is listening to that dog play hail columbia out of its asshole . ''
his wide blue eyes made it obvious that he was just as frightened as she was , but fear was n't the only thing i saw .
that was just one more thing you did n't learn from the zombie movies .
the only thing not some shade of yellow was the faded blue carpet ; at least it was until jill started bleeding all over it .
i kneeled beside my daughter , trying to think of something cathartic to say , but words would n't save jill , and jill being okay was the only thing that was going to make this hell somewhat tolerable for zoe .
the first thing i noticed when my eyes peeled open was baseboard , and the way the carpet was newer closer to the wall than farther out where people walked .
the only thing that kept me going was weighing the alternative : to dismember him and carry the smaller bits upstairs .
it had stopped being romantic for him to undress me over a year ago , and that was one thing that had n't changed in the last few days .
he was surprised by my reaction , but the only thing he did in response was frown .
the only thing they got excited about was satisfying their constant hunger .
there 's no room to manoeuvre , and one of the first things they teach them when they come to work in a place like this is to never let the cons get you in a place where you ca n't back up .
but i suspect the thing which slowed him down the most was getting rid of the wall as he took it out .
his library , for one thing .
only one thing that bothers me , and that 's a feeling i get from time to time that i ' m a character in some bad writer 's book and he 's already decided how things are going to turn out and why .
that was another thing about walter 's parties ; people from your past kept turning up like old photographs .
jointner , a member of the house of representatives for six years ( up until his death , which was caused by syphilis , at the age of fifty - eight ) , was the closest thing to a person ? age that the lot could boast - with the exception of jerusalem the pig and pearl ann butts , who ran off to new york city in 1907 to become a ziegfeld girl .
he knew from long experience that the last thing the grieving family and friends want to see during the third station is the resident gravedigger in his dirt - stained coveralls ; it kind of put a crimp in the minister 's glowing pictures of immortality and the pearly gates .
5 he did n't sleep at all , and the only thing now that kept him from calling ben mears was knowing that everyone at eva 's would be in bed .
despite susan , it was him she wanted to please , so he would give her the thing she craved and needed : the touch ; the penetration .
` ` yeah , but knowing vittorio is throwing down the gauntlet in vegas is one thing .
it 's a mass ratio thing . ''
the only thing that saved it was that the white had more wallpaper on it .
the glasses were n't dark enough to do a damn thing against the vegas sun .
it does not matter when you are at their mercy , because one thing that all the serials have in common is that for their victims , there is no mercy .
hooper was there , his face the only pale thing in the outfit .
` ` shit , ca n't any of you sense this kind of thing ?
chapter 70 the only thing that kept it from being one of the most socially awkward moments of my life was that the boy did n't wake up .
the thing to learn is how to survive , you know what i mean ?
birds carry all sorts of germs , and the last thing i need now is an infection .
the remembering did that , it was a total thing that made that night two years ago seem like two hours ago .
the most terrifying thing about divorce was that he had sensed the word - or concept , or whatever it was that came to him in his understandings - floating around in his own parents ' heads , sometimes diffuse and relatively distant , sometimes as thick and obscuring and frightening as thunderheads .
had ended up outside a bar , and the only thing that had kept him from going in was the knowledge that if he did , wendy would leave him at last , and take danny with her .
the presidential suite , with its cold elegance , had made her feel awkward and clumsy - it was all very well to visit some restored historical building with a bedroom plaque that announced abraham lincoln or franklin d. roosevelt had slept there , but another thing entirely to imagine you and your husband lying beneath acreages of linen and perhaps making love where the greatest men in the world had once lain ( the most powerful , anyway , she amended ) .
his mommy was thinking that was the main thing that turned her mommy into such a ( hitch ? )
that was another thing he had forgotten about excedrin ; he did n't know if it worked for others , but for him crunching three tablets was like an instant high .
the thing that bugged me was that he was bringing all this up because he loved the goddamn hotel so much .
the only thing that remained was that smell of beer , and jack knew that was a smell that faded into the woodwork of every bar in the world after a certain period of time , not to be eradicated by any cleaner invented .
jesse is ... '' she trailed off , trying to put her finger on what was wrong with jesse , the thing that could be overlooked by the rush the baby was putting on her , the rush to decide and get out from under the threatening shadow of her mother , who was now at a shopping mall buying gloves for the wedding of fran 's childhood friend .
she was ... oh , hellfire , she was young herself , for one thing .
the first thing that struck him was the still heat of the day and the smell of greenery .
the name was the best thing about the group , actually , but the rhythm guitarist had been johnny mccall , who later went on to form the tattered remnants , and that was actually a pretty good band .
the place was bright in the daytime , and at night a fragrant california breeze , which seemed redolent with oranges even when the only thing it was really redolent with was smog , would drift in through the windows .
it did n't occur to her to wonder why ` ` authority '' seemed to be such a necessary thing to have , any more than it occurred to her to wonder why she had automatically felt responsible for harold .
but they had the key , that was the thing .
the only thing that made the picture subtly wrong was the lack of smoke from the mill and the number of twinkling toy cars parked at weird angles on the main street , which was also the highway they were following .
you had to put yourself in her place , that was the thing .
he did n't know where tom slept , but when he woke up the next morning , slightly dewy but feeling pretty good otherwise , the first thing he saw when he crossed the town square was tom , crouched over a fleet of toy corgi cars and a large plastic texaco station .
it was the closest thing to sound he had ever experienced .
the third thing was that the sun was wrong - it seemed to have traveled backward across the sky .
that was the good thing about a steel - string guitar , you got a nice tough sound .
here was another thing about being old no one ever thought to tell you ( or was it just that you never listened ? )
the first thing trash noticed was the stone which hung about his neck in the v of his open sport - shirt .
the way he had gotten to know joe , that was one thing .
she 's the thing we all have in common .
he 's the closest thing to a hero we ' ve got around here .
it was the closest thing to a holy experience that he had ever had .
but that one little thing is very tiresome after a while .
of course we know this country does n't have any germ or biological warfare centers , that 's one of the things that makes this country great - what country , ha - ha - but you should realize that while we 're busy getting all the wagons in a circle , he 's - ` ` hey , hawk , you pullin overtime ? ''
for one thing , she reminded me that if we 'd stayed with those men ... remember how you found us , stu ? ''
old baldy had been right as rain about one thing , stu was discovering : a background in sociology often came in handy at large meetings .
mother abagail would have known if one of the committee had turned rotten , for one thing .
his name , for one thing .
at once , images of home and safety and rationality - all the things a toothbrush could represent - rose up and overwhelmed him .
jack , sitting unobserved on the little knob of raised land which was the closest thing to a hill offered by this section of beverly hills , saw his father leave their house by the front door , cross the lawn while digging in his pockets for money or keys , and let himself into the garage by the side door .
for one thing , he smelled like farm , not town .
the second thing jack realized was that thinking about the slowness of time made it worse .
all of this was of course only intuition , but jack had come to believe that , in these universal matters , his intuition was the only thing he could trust .
the only thing that had kept jack alive this long was the maddening fact of his single nature - when the whelp flipped to a place , he was always in the analogue of the place he had left .
' that was one thing about the place you took me to , jack .
he used to laugh about it and say that the only thing that separated the men from the boys was the price of their toys .
the witness would be forced to move on to the broad shoulders which were really the most distinguishing thing about him ... and the world was full of broad - shouldered men .
he was grinning his frozen sardonicus grin at her , and the most horrible thing about it was her understanding that he was trying to be gentle ... and could not be .
second thing i thought of was how anybody got it in there in the first place , when there 's a big old kreig padlock on the barn door and i got the only key to it on my ring . '
you just could n't stay mad at johnny , that was the thing .
one of the things she liked most about him was that he would always really try to do the right thing , the best thing , with no self - serving bullshit .
of the many things he disliked about the telephone - bad connections , kid pranksters who wanted to know if you had prince albert in a can , operators who sounded like computers , and smoothies who wanted you to buy magazine subscriptions - the thing he disliked the most was being on hold .
of the many things he disliked about the telephone - bad connections , kid pranksters who wanted to know if you had prince albert in a can , operators who sounded like computers , and smoothies who wanted you to buy magazine subscriptions - the thing he disliked the most was being on hold .
' it 's the weirdest thing .
a bribed epa agent for one thing , but that was n't the worst thing .
it was a funny thing about christmas decorations .
maybe not , but there was such a thing as an abnormal life .
bannerman shook his head and muttered , ' it 's one thing to hear something like that and another to ... does n't it tire you out ? '
the thing that bothers me the most is the lack of hair or skin under the victim 's fingernails .
the worst thing , next to the belief that the gun is the only way out of this terrible deadlock i find myself in , is knowing that i 'll be leaving you behind to bear the grief and hate of those who have no reason to believe stillson is anything but a good and just man ... 6 .
` ` the only thing that 's kept his pride safe is the fact that there just are n't a lot of werelions in this country .
but high scores were n't the only thing you needed to be a bodyguard .
lately when we 'd been together the only thing i 'd seen in his face had been lust .
` ` the only thing that made me powerful enough to heal this was donovan reece 's letting me feed on every swanmane in this country .
there were no phones in western maine back then , for one thing .
i pushed the door open myself and noticed the lack of air conditioning first thing .
she settled back , opening her book c a master 's thesis from the university of nebraska , the most exciting thing about it the title : range war and civil war .
this seemed to be an actual thirst , a physical thing c it made him think of those cartoons virgil partch used to do in the saturday evening post , the ones where some funky old prospector is always crawling across the desert , his tongue hanging out , looking for a waterhole .
' the only thing getting attacked is your sense of propriety .
and there was something else in bobbi anderson 's eyes : the knowledge that her friendship was maybe the last thing on earth that gardener valued .
he does n't realize this state of near hypnosis until a voice on his left says : ' one thing you bastards never remember to mention at your fucking communist antipower rallies is just this : in thirty years of peaceful nuclear - power development , we ' ve never been caught once .
the one thing he always forgot in the grip of the hangovers and the terrible post - jag depressions was the feeling of regeneration that sometimes came later .
it was heating water fast enough to raise blisters , for one thing .
the last thing was that his headache was gone .
there seemed to be too many , for one thing .
nor had the radio been the only eerie thing about haven tonight .
nor was his kiss the only thing hard about him at that moment .
the magnitude of the accident , for one thing .
for one thing , the short - order cook looked like an older , fatter version of charles manson .
bright had learned a good many years ago that city editors had one thing in common with god himself , and he suspected that johnny leandro was about to learn it himself very soon now .
it was the thing which she hated above all others c it reduced such annoyances as being hung up on to minor piffles .
good shot , the thing about the wife .
it would save bobbi the moral pain of taking care of you herself , for one thing .
the other thing about the rungs was more unsettling : a pronounced semi - circular dip , almost a notch , in the center of each .
in bobbi , for one thing .
the last thing leandro saw before the machine c which weighed just a bit over six hundred pounds c hit him was various soft drinks foaming and dripping from the broken necks of the bottles his bullets had shattered .
' the worst thing about problems is the way they seem to come in pairs and trios and whole gangs , never one by one .
except for getting out of this hell , forgetting is the only thing in the world i want .
that was the other thing about aunt evvie ; she got you shouting right along with her .
she thought that the only thing keeping him from springing at her was his total amazement that she should be saying these things at all .
was it ... ' he cleared his throat , seemed to mentally spit on his hands ( that cursed efficiency thing again ) and then fairly wrenched the thing out .
good common sense was one thing .
the hateful hold she had gotten over him by telling him to get lost before he was ready to end the affair ( she had humiliated him , goddammit ) , for one thing - for one very big thing .
the worst thing was being so thirsty .
part of it was the simple fact that the heat was drawing back - the tormenting beat and what it was doing to tad had been the biggest thing goading her to make a move .
there 's only one thing about all of this that bothers me , ' the a. g. 's man said .
` ` this is the last thing any of us needs , '' she said .
one thing the infection did for me was jolt me out of my own small and perhaps selfish existence to consider the big picture .
the last thing i remembered was sitting with everyone at the table , listening to them all trying to figure something out .
the last thing i remembered was pawing my daughter , with the intent of eating her alive .
the thing about carla was that we connected on a different level than the other cops i came in contact with .
interestingly , the first thing i saw were the red eyes .
but it 's another thing to feel like those things are what your heart and stomach and brain are built out of .
for one thing , he has trimmed his beard shorter than she remembers it .
he seems to find them comparable , the contradictory enticements of humanity and wilderness , and perhaps the only thing that keeps him by the bonfire is the warm inertia of indecision .
the first thing moses notices when he steps into the kitchen is that the slug is not making his way hungrily towards the vestal .
it ai n't about anything but one thing .
but one thing about the military : they do things right .
the interesting thing on the kid 's gadget was n't the logo on top or the teeny - tiny keyboard ( a computer keyboard , surely ! )
today , because of women liberation , the second most embarrassing thing about having the flu is in knowing most of the neighborhood and all of your friends will know within the hour that you have crapped your pants .
she often wondered how it could be that she would place a single daub of paint on a canvas and immediately have doubts about every possible thing about the daub , its location on the canvas , the intensity of the hue , the brush used , and even the amount of linseed oil and turpentine in the mix .
one bad thing about being out of earshot of everyone else was that he could nt ask someone else a question and cut off this particular topic .
the first thing he saw when he got to the top , were professor handley 's muddy work boots and his baggy brown corduroy trousers .
the thing is , people , men and women , do lots of things for fun .
the last thing he needs is his feelings hurt .
rather than stumble over a corpse , the next thing of note is some kind of cabinet , maybe about the size of a fireplace , only longer .
one thing that i ve gotten real used to is the manner in which yappa treats me like an honored guest , bringing me sustenance as and when i get the feeling of a gap in the old belly .
there was one thing that was a - changing every time i checked , when i was checking before .
first thing i figured was that it was some kind of typewriter .
now , i been seeing snatches of close ups of pieces of my own fine image on the odd shiny tap or trinket , but one thing there ai n't around here is no mirror .
for years i ve had this thing where for days or weeks at a time there was just no inspiration .
that was the great thing about rosies bar , you got real , british measures , not those ridiculous one - slug drinks the spaniards give you .
the most important thing to remember was to avoid the treacherous ground of family .
because the wonderful thing about the interpretation of data is that we inevitably discover that truth is on our side , and that history will prove us right .
if you can get rid of the hoot hoot thing then ill give you free beers for life .
callie paused , and smiled at the brunette , a smile that conveyed a bittersweet joy mixed with a worldly sadness thing .
bad as all that would be , the hardest thing was knowing that david would be lost to her forever .
julie said , the funny thing about that baby shower david did not understand why she kept bringing up callie scharf .
no , its not the right if there was one thing michelle hated , it was when someone teased something like that , and then held it back .
one thing about him , he always wanted to be looking forward , not back over the shoulder like some babies , and that had been true right from the start , from six days old .
another thing i noticed about him over the following days and weeks had to do with him showing no indication of being in lock step with the other local red state sycophants .
the last thing i noticed , before i took note of chairs being noisily pushed away from the table by my previously semi - somnolent customers as they scrambled for the door as if the diner had caught fire , was the wrapped package carried by the stranger .
the one thing that stood out to me the most was the presence of the plant superintendent , jack fletcher , along with a couple of the guys that i knew to be part of his advisory committee .
something else had come up , and one thing i did not need right at the moment was something else .
yes , i once wrote a poem about such a thing , i think .
the thing that was funny about it was that we did nt even do anything , unless you counted losing feeling in your right arm .
there is one thing in common with all of us ; we are made up of the elements of the earth itself .
one thing i felt when i was in the village yesterday was that the life we have here along the stream bank is the most precious and essential thing to preserve .
she was just as she was before being hit by the car ; the only thing that was different was the pink ribbon that she normally wore was missing .
its a really horrible thing to realize about oneself .
the thing is she was so busy with her personal funeral schedule that she just could nt find the time , so the company never took off .
the only thing that began to annoy me was that this was nt formalized , at any point i could be instructed to go back to southend as a parking attendant ; it felt like i had the sword of damocles hanging over my head .
its the only thing people like about him cause robbys kinda a sickening flab .
one thing i learned when living in cuba , man , n.j . says , is that keeping a hundred percent true to a tale is nt what s important .
and the sad thing is he s not even ... tex cuts him off , is that it ?
at least the good thing about rick is he just accepts his beating like a good little boy should .
well , confidence is one thing that raoul is not short of , and to take a stab at stopsign like that was uncalled for .
the only thing that photo proves is how good a photographer you are .
the only thing bothering him more than a lack of booze now , was intern dave , grigor thought he was a complete dick what the fuck dude ?
the only thing that made this warehouse stand out from all the other rusting buildings was a large bear motif sprayed on to the front of it .
the only thing they d eaten since leaving the port a few weeks ago were sweets and fish fingers .
you do nt even do that thinking thing , gingeplayfully bantered with him .
the only thing wrong with it was that it had a busted tranny , but they were certain they could find a rebuilt one and drop it in pretty easy , but it turned out that was a fantasy born of their own ignorance .
that s another thing that s funny about you .
sometimes sweets are the only thing you have . ''
remember , the only thing that counts is you did your best .
okay , glowing hot floor was one thing .
it is about the only thing i miss about the old days .
derek and i are making some important arrangements about the future we no longer have and the last thing we need right now is a little turd like you interrupting us .
she had a vibrancy and attractiveness that immediately radiated out to him and he instantly decided to like her , a rare thing for him on a first meeting .
gertrude : it must be something strange , because the only thing one - track -trevor and i have in common is four fingers and an opposable thumb on each hand .
the only thing he had on was a blue t - shirt with the words # 1 fisherman on it .
` ` well , '' he replied , ` ` it 's a curious thing .
a quiet week went by in which the only thing that changed were the ranch hands ' stories of how much closer they had come to catching the rustlers than what they had said before .
his beautiful voice was what had drawn me to him in the first place , and it was still the thing i loved about him the most .
the only thing he appreciated about me was the way i was always praising him , contributing to his already considerable ego .
the thing is i do nt mind working hard or staying late but i d like to have a job that i actually care about .
see , another great thing about volunteering , you get to get out of the house and attend some cool events .
but the best thing about the two week break was the fact that i would nt have to worry about the principal and her constant vigilance .
the last thing i want to look like , strolling into a party full of two - pound skeletons , is a colorful roly - poly .
but the good thing about being at the bottom of life is finding the determination to make a change .
the last thing i wanted was to chat up some loser for more than a few minutes .
the last thing any hung - over brain needed was a cheerful shout of spanish followed by a whoop of elation .
he always knew when i was about to lose my cool , which was never a good thing because i tended to hulk out and break things .
one thing he particularly liked was a slow , deep kiss .
the last thing i wanted to be was clingy .
one thing i did appreciate about john , despite his broad shoulders and huge body , was that he was far less intense than adam .
he still had a full head of dark brown hair , salt - and - peppered near his hairline , which was the only thing that gave away his age .
from politicians to actors to singers to heads of industry and state , and the one thing they all had in common was that each and every one of them had been , at some point or another , in some varying degree of a drug - induced haze .
especially if that thing is that you re about to die .
if there was one thing she prided herself on , besides global starvation , was her resolute sense of modesty .
the judge may have been good close up , but he was nt as sharp a shot from a distance , the one thing mr . marx knew would keep him safe for now .
the one thing he never did get a grasp on was the opposite sex and how to behave around them .
it was the only thing a pained and frustrated dana plough remembered .
they scared him shitless , about the only thing that did .
whereas he had always considered vernon the closest thing he had to family , he had no memory of their relationship beyond that of the day to day collection and distribution for which he displayed such talent .
stack screamed , tearing himself free as the ambulance pulled away , only to fall back as she stuck him expertly in a finely worked manoeuvre , feinting left , dropping to one knee and bringing the syringe up in a single fluid motion , sticking the long needle in his arse and depressing the plunger before he even knew he 'd missed with the rabbit punch he 'd aimed at her , collapsing face down on the stretcher , mouth agape and tears spilling , the pressure of fingers at his wrist the last thing he was to feel for a while you must be cra - zy , ba.by to feel the way you do ; i must be mad as hell to feel it as well , but i know this feeling is true .
the first thing i noticed when we entered the house was it had no interior walls , just insulation .
for one thing , my legs were beginning to cramp from keeping them tucked up on the raft .
that was another bad thing about rainy days at the camp .
for one thing , he updated us on everything that was going on back in the city .
if there was one thing my mother was a stickler about , it was her meals .
for one thing , i wondered what had happened to the harmons big , shaggy dog .
the first thing conrad did when he greeted me was look at my hands .
the only thing that was nt impressive was the lack of customers .
and the last thing i wanted was to watch him try .
the thing i did nt like about dancing that close to maurice was it always felt like he had a roll of quarters in the front pocket of his pants .
for one thing , it took place on a narrow , winding road that was in desperate need of repaving .
for one thing , scott and conrad apparently knew everyone who was in it , judging by the way they were shouting and waving at all of the marchers as they passed by .
for one thing , my rear end barely had touched the seat when he slid his arm around me and cupped his hand around my shoulder .
the last thing i needed was for conrad to see me crying because knowing him , he d endlessly bug me about the reason why .
the last thing i wanted was to be alone with conrad , but i knew i had to talk to him , too .
for one thing , my parents would never allow it .
the first thing i noticed when we entered larues was there was only one other customer in there .
if she 'd learned only one thing from researching crime novels , it was not to answer any questions from a policeman , innocent or not , especially if she had no idea why he was asking them .
the weirdest thing about it was my bathroom being outside the front door .
because if there is one thing i know about those lethal weapon films its that the cops always win .
however , i on the other hand , was having a lot of trouble swallowing it because of a good old thing called evidence .
one thing that had already calmed me down a little was remembering who i was .
the thing was , i could nt work out why d anyone would go to all that effort .
the only thing that s been sacrificed on that has been some blokes virginity , i bet .
the funny thing is , it 's usually the reds that give it away the colour of a workingman 's pride .
` ` the last thing in the world i wanted was for you to think of me as some scheming bitch . ''
so , exmouth has more rain in a year than the amazon jungle , and that means the one thing it 's never going to run short of is water . ''
` ` principle is a very nice thing for a young man to have , andrew , '' he said , then added , ` ` as , of course , is a good severance package . ''
` ` see , wretched whelp of a writhing wraith , dirt is the last thing you taste before your demise ! ''
the other fun thing about bandits was that nobody complained if some suddenly turned up dead .
weasels seemed like a good thing to ask about .
arthaxiom had absolutely no idea what was going on here , but quests were one thing he understood .
the only thing he found was a large round rock .
` ` i can help you with that ' being on fire ' thing , '' the sorceress offered .
overall , he did n't look too imperial , but that was far from the worst thing about this coronation .
the only thing he produced were some noises indicating that he was in pain .
one thing he was lacking were imperial advisors .
in fact the only thing otto was happy about was that they were almost at their destination and that soon he 'd be able to start his journey back home .
there s only one thing i want to appreciate right now and it has nothing to do with resting .
that ' ball of grass ' represents the nearest thing to home many people have .
the sentiment jarred dollops arm causing a pause in his intention to spray ; however seeing the beaming grin and the eyes that sat above it reminded dollop of the last thing he saw before the tower block that scarred him for life collapsed .
aside from the floor and walls they were the only thing in sight .
he 'd have had to spring onto the plinth for one thing .
and it was not just any 150 year old army : for one thing , it was real , and not a product of ardens flamboyant imagination .
the whole im - sexy - and - have - more - charm - than - brains thing ?
maybe it was some guy thing , but the two of them did nt speak and jaya could sense the malevolence coming off beckett in waves .
letting herself into her condo , the first thing she did was slip off her stilettos .
the only thing incongruous was the figurine , and he had a feeling the mini bruce wayne did nt spend much time out of place .
and that was the most important thing with adele .
he studied her , the smudge of dirt on his nose the only thing she could see .
a need for home was one thing he could understand .
how in the world could it be that he found her ridiculous list - making the sexiest thing about her ?
the last thing she needed was a lecture tonight .
the one thing working in timmys favor is his madidus facies .
funny thing was , i only saw it for a minute , but a couple names written in the book stuck with me .
and i ' m pretty sure the last thing i remember was going to bed after our gig in austin , isabella said .
anger was the only thing that was going to keep him going today .
but the most startling thing about these people were their eyes .
probably the only thing that saved marys life was cuddy ca nt see without his glasses .
for one thing , walking down harvard lane was an experience in and of itself .
even after decades of being the closest thing to a partner i possessed , his appearance was one of the few things in the universe that never ceased to fascinate me .
even after decades of being the closest thing to a partner i possessed , his appearance was one of the few things in the universe that never ceased to fascinate me .
the last thing i remembered was sitting on the monorail , battling against exhaustion .
one thing xavier and i have in common is that neither of us has prayed to the gods for centuries .
for one thing , i was a little tipsy from blood loss .
the only thing that provided some comfort was the prospect of visiting another world .
the first thing i felt was a weakness so hideous , i nearly transformed back .
the only thing i had any faith in was my desire to survive .
for one thing , when i asked eulathrin if she ever heard of a human man named odysseus , she made it quite clear that i was the only human she had ever interacted with thus far , and there was no record of an odysseus in the ancient siren scrolls .
shadows anguished , guilt - stricken face was the first thing that came into focus .
why was loneliness the only thing i felt ?
for one thing the reindeer were all far too fat to fly .
the first amazing thing about the vehicle was that it appeared to glide across the ground where there was no snow , there was never snow in these parts .
if there was one thing that brad liked more than anything in the world , it was when stan , on the very odd occasion , patted him on the back and told him what a super job he was doing .
for one thing , dexter seemed less irritable .
` ` no , there 's not one thing wrong with this picture . ''
there was one thing he hated , and that was the dead frog that the bastards in the reptile emporium had taken out and thrown out the back .
she was really normal ; that was the strange thing about her .
they shouted over the music ; that was the best thing about this bar .
the thing that really impressed people about newtons theory of gravity when it was first proposed was that it explained the movement of the planets in our solar system with the same accuracy that it explained the trajectory of the slingshots and arrows of outrageous fortune here on earth .
just to repeat for emphasis , the most unpleasant thing about this scheme is that it creates the impression of explaining the whole set of observations that serve as the basis of the theory of evolution .
dnas language codes for just one thing -- amino acids .
the last thing i remembered is hiding in a closet until , ` ` they got me , '' i mumbled to myself .
he was short and the only thing big about him was his afro hair and thick - rimmed glasses .
the only thing about her that moved was the steady rise and fall of her chest .
the first thing i noticed was how haggard ethan looked , i kept the small talk going and reassurances fell along the lines .
i almost forgot to mention one thing about this place .
she was n't in a hurry to take in her surroundings as she focused on one thing at a time : the ceiling , the curtains ... and then me .
the only thing she could come up with was what was the thing that was bothering her earlier .
are you still mad about that birthmark thing ?
another thing he used to do was to stand one pace to the right of the person he was addressing and , as he spoke , his eyes would flicker over that persons left shoulder and fix on a point in the middle distance .
the thing about dad was that he was rarely downcast for long and he smiled at his grotesque reflection in the bathroom mirror .
apart from the geography there are so many other things that the two places have in common as well .
not at all , he walked over to the door , for one thing , my dear , miss blackie is certainly not just some cat , for another , i believe your task here will be far more taxing .
decisions such as these are always hard to face , but they have to be made and its a wondrous thing when the burden is lifted from your shoulders .
there was one thing my dear daughter cherished above everything else , it was this hair ribbon given to her by her mother many years ago .
if there is one thing i admire more than anything else , its gentlemanly conduct .
if there was one thing she disliked it was her friends spotting her moments of weakness , of subconsciously having revealed that she was more turned on by their mission than what she let others see .
it was one made from the very highest point ; for of all defining qualities which a man possessed , taste was absolutely the thing which , for drade , set one man apart from another .
that was the great thing about old hamish , he thought : there was not a drop of vindictive blood coursing through his veins .
one thing he had learnt in politics was that , with the exception of being booted out of office , the very last thing representatives wanted to happen was to be forced to account for the decisions they had made .
on the other hand , carpet was a careerist , and the thing about careerists was that they were like sharks : they had to keep moving forwards , otherwise they would die , or worse still , feel like they were going backwards .
raiding was the only thing that made life bearable out here .
* * * i woke up hanging from a ceiling beam by my arms , and not in a trap in the forest ; the first thing i noticed was my boots below me , or what was left of them , were gone .
my staff was the only thing holding me up anymore and had been for a while now .
one thing you should know about rivers is that the water there attracts bugs .
that 's another thing about being a priest .
he knew that if he did , he would lose the only thing he had left , now that his addiction conquering days were apparently overhis status as a has been .
the first thing he did was look at her cleavage .
it all sounded complicated and the last thing she wanted to do was look stupid by asking questions .
the only thing i know is a vampire forced himself on me .
not human , because that was the last thing the freaky little girl seemed , but she had come off as genuinely concerned .
he only vaguely passed as american with his tweed jacket patched at the elbows over a sweater vest and with his handmade leather loafers , but the last thing candy would have suspected from him would be fangs and a craving for blood .
the only thing she knew was she needed help and she was nt about to leave without first hearing what nigel had to say .
this assholes ugly , burnt up face is the last thing i m ever going to see .
the only thing she wanted was baba ghannoush , and she was two months late with her period .
the last thing to pass through his mind had been merlot emphasising the words horrific ending as the television played some random news bulletin .
the unbelievable thing about it was how they immediately recognized virg .
that s another thing about bea .
i told him the only thing i knew about them was that they had to be paid on time .
the last thing he wanted was attention .
there is that whole obsession thing about my boot collection , but lets try to forget about that , k ?
one thing that remained the same was the separation of the two plot lines .
one nice thing about having private investigator license is the legitimate access you get to things most people ca nt legally acquire .
the strangest thing about him is well you know how all the heroes have a secret identity that nobody but they know ?
the last thing he remembered before his mind disconnected with his body was the mans peculiar eyes pulsing ever so subtly then he was gone .
quite an edge thereexcept for one thing .
the thing is , being treated like you 're a cot case who does n't know how to wipe their own nose can get irritating to say the least .
in some people this attitude is the only noticeable thing about them .
they would talk about the only thing they had in common : money .
they had a few cigarettes , some more drinks , and talked about the only thing they had in common the prison and its inhabitants .
events had unfolded , and the only thing that harvey considered himself guilty of was perhaps giving them a little nudge in the right direction .
now ambrose had taken away the only thing she had left .
giacomo could spend the entire morning in the arms of his mistress who desired such a thing of him .
he appeared to be all the things i always thought i wanted in a man and still believed i wanted : smart , funny , sweet , nice to his family , good looking in an adorkable kind of way .
a lot of guys , and , i mean , a lot of guys , like the big boobs , small waist , big butt , long legs , amazon woman thing you have going on .
the nice thing about them is that you can use any word in the english language as a collective noun , which allows you to ascribe both features as well as character traits to the collection or group .
for one thing , you re far too tall .
the first thing i noticed about keira was that her black hair was in such a tight bun that it looked painful .
for one thing , our priorities never seemed to align .
the first thing i saw was the staunchly , almost glowingly white pillow and empty sheets next to me .
the only thing that was constant was change .
the only good thing about this situation is that your mum has nt yet realised the implications , and is basking in the warm reflected glow of your fleeting moment of fame .
frankly , the most worrying thing about this incident was the manner in which you wrote about it in your letter .
first of all , the most important thing is to .
chapter ten an edith sunday to my mind , edith moseley and sunday have one thing in common .
arnold is certainly aware of one thing .
however , one thing occurs to me about secrets ; once one appears after the bearer whispers but you must nt tell anybody , it usually takes about three minutes before the smoke signals begin doing the rounds and about another five minutes before someone is banging on your door saying how sorry they are to hear what s happened .
it 's always a tricky thing , knowing what to say to guest speakers .
the only thing i had to live for was to play sandy , and what happened ?
knowing how to kiss was one thing , but who to kiss had been a blank page for a long time .
one thing he d learnt from his years of study was the intrinsic risk of seeing what you want to see , so he chose to statistically prove his success using his own techniques .
i ve learnt from my years at cec enterprises and dealing with my clients , that there is one thing more important that understanding and that is getting it right .
all of his colleagues , peer group and bosses knew the same thing , regardless of what they thought of dave .
one thing that he did strongly believe in was riding the crest of a wave , and this current bank of water that he was on was pretty impressive wave .
one thing he knew about momentum was that you did nt want to interrupt it and he was very happy with progress so far tonight .
the only thing going for her was that she would have been eternally grateful , and therefore very loyal .
lifes a funny thing .
they all had one thing in common they did nt want to be here .
unless frank wanted reuben to set up some sort of scam for him , there was only one other thing or rather , person they had in common .
so she liked the addams family , the first thing he knew they had in common .
the good thing about a bomb , littledick , is that it can be planted to go off at a certain time , which means were out of there when it happens .
for one thing , he seemed to be distinctly lacking in social skills .
another thing which singularly failed to impress her about zarathustra was that , while he spoke with great and profound weightiness , nothing he said really seemed to make any sense .
for one thing , the thugs were all much younger and much bigger than him .
for one thing , her clothes were nt right .
if there was one thing he had learned , it was that direct interference in the affairs of man was not the way to improve their lot .
and besides , was nt there such a thing as loyalty ?
omniscience is one thing , but this is being all - powerful .
and , the thing which really pissed him off , his hopes of lucid answers to lifes great questions were invariably answered by even more questions .
it seemed to antonia that the thing about not having a future was that it made your life seem a little bit pointless .
the only good thing about this idea is that its so bad that its taken my mind off the end of the world for a few minutes .
you can trust me antonia was just on the verge of becoming a great thinker , and if there s one thing a great thinker needs more than anything else , its a healthy dose of scepticism about everything and everyone , oggs included .
whatever their origin , the important thing was that some pieces still existed .
but it was much larger and heavier than a standard coin for one thing .
as he rose he later said the main thing he remembered was watching crux swing the dagger past his eyes before falling into darkness .
the only thing missing were peasant women walking along the roadside with giant amphorae balanced on their heads .
the last thing we saw as we headed down the dark and quiet streets on our way back to our sleeping friends home was alexs head popping up through the corvettes sunroof waiting to go for a ride in kirks mid - life crisis mobile .
not a single other thing .
the first thing i notice is how few people are taking any interest in me .
one thing angel and he had in common was their mutual hatred for her attacker .
the first thing benny dugan did upon entering the transcontinental bus lines was look up at the clock that was built into the opposite wall .
then she remembered one other thing different about the wiz today .
he had a moustache , for one thing , and what looked like a pencilled - in monobrow .
the one thing that made this house such a good one for me , was that it had a dining room .
its an odd thing , i ca nt remember him ever chewing anything left on the kitchen table , but that did nt stop him turning his attention to the table itself , and eating the corners off it .
it is an odd thing about dogs , for most of them , every day starts with a walk , and it is the same routine day in day out .
one thing i have found very odd about dog owners , is that they very rarely introduced themselves .
since kopek had arrived , her life had changed somewhat , he was so much more mobile than tim for one thing .
if there is one thing that dogs can excel at that , its their innate ability to take you to the absolute extremes of embarrassment .
i had noticed an odd thing about kopek , if we put something in place to try to secure him ; he seemed to take this as some sort of challenge .
one thing neither of us guessed was the universe .
i wonder if its that canine alzheimers thing that means dogs never seem to learn how to shut doors .
one thing he did manage to do was shred the duvets every time he attacked the bed , and it was becoming a real pain .
my cowboy boots were , from then on , another thing i kept on top of the wardrobe , along with our books .
you see , that s the thing about the lord .
that s the only thing i ve got left of my fathers .
the one thing she has nt mentioned is that she plays piano .
just as the horse had kicked instinctively , the driver instinctively stepped between jinny and his horse to protect his livelihood , which is the only thing that kept the horse from getting knocked out there on market street .
the only thing jinny liked better than being teased by roger was being teased by guignard and gwen .
another special thing about a trombone , he continued as we took our seats on the beat - up folding chairs , is that more than any other instrument in all the orchestra a trombone is able to sound like a human voice .
but the really special thing about a trombone is that you can laugh while you re playing .
the thing about his lessons was he had that sneaky , ulterior motive .
i will say the one nice thing about our cowboy costume was that we did nt have to wear white gloves , the bands in traditional uniforms had on those prissy things .
cowboy - type people mostly support the war in vietnam , which is a really uncool thing about them that people do n't know , except those of us who actually know them .
the thing that scared me was how low in energy they seemed .
simon you 'd better hope that fuckin ' thing tastes like bacon and eggs because it 's the closest thing to breakfast you 're going to eat until we get the briefcase .
there is one thing the speedy charles krebs can not tolerate .
its the thing he s longed for since the day he first saw it .
i did the elevator thing on her with my eyes , and all i could come up with was another , wow !
another thing i liked about her photo was that she looked reasonably stylish , if stylish could be inferred from a black v - neck sweater , which was the only clothing item i could see .
no one at that point needed more wine , and water was a good thing for prolonging life in a hot tub .
the first thing peter and pater looked for whenever they got together with gwen was whether she was carrying her gun .
you saying he s got the intuition thing ?
maybe its that artistic temperament thing .
that was another thing stirg decided he did nt like , same reason , thinking we were stealing russias cultural heritage .
little things , like always approaching down wind , never walking on the trail to leave sign you were in the area , never stepping out in an opening , how to approach an area unseen using a big tree or bush to block the vision , and many secrets of traveling in the forest without leaving any sign .
i do nt know too much about married chicks , but the one thing i know about women is they all want to seem cooler than other girls .
also , there is this weird thing with her where it seems her head is always facing a bit to the left .
one thing i do know is about two weeks after we broke up she took off to europe with some other dude .
mike : that s the thing about bitches .
a lack of enthusiasm for the vocals emanating from the front was nt the only thing contributing to mikes lack of appreciation for life at the moment .
the thing that bothers me the most is we will probably never know for sure .
one thing i have never understood are these guys who pay for these girls and then take them out like it is a date or something .
gary : yeah , one thing that is nice about being married is you do nt have to worry about that stuff anymore .
gary : anyway , i think the other thing about not cheating is that once you have a daughter it brings a tremendous amount of clarity to your life .
that s one interesting thing about vegas .
if there was one thing he knew , it was how to drive a car .
* if there was one thing that shepherd did know , however , by the time he graduated , it was how to make roads .
the first line read : the thing about men and pregnancy is that there s only so much you can do - the expectant mother really does all the work .
the truth was , he was the closest thing to being a squatter .
the only thing worse was ray sloane pissed off , that is .
if there s one thing i ve learned as a fulbright , its great patience .
it was closest thing to a hand job with your pants on .
the most important thing is , not to have too much anger , jane was telling tad .
if tads confession showed one thing , it was that your closest friends and lovers could prove a mystery .
the thing is , it does nt make me feel like an imposter .
as americans the only thing we like more than food is assigning blame .
sure i enjoy the end result but the whole gasping for air , heart beating out of your chest , sweating through multiple t - shirts thing i can do without .
the thing is that feeling that comes from a do - it - yourself job hardly ever justifies , at least in my mind , the headache that accompanies said job .
we split up , except for klaus and his zombie half , all of us gathering our own stuff ; my new porno collection was the first thing i boxed up .
she and the junes had logged about fifty miles on foot , walking the streets , which was the only thing that allowed her and gwen to keep their stunning asses in shape , and roger was all for them doing that to keep those attributes at the same aesthetic standard as chartres .
the only thing shimmy liked better than walking the junes dog was talking to gwen june , especially in person .
the other thing he was experiencing was a hangover .
it was the only thing that made her think maybe the the aya was right when he called america the devils playground .
his jeans were baggy and hid the contour of his butt , which was the first thing gale looked at as he walked across the baggage area towards the carousel .
being self - confident is not the same thing as being emotionally tough ; engaging in and staring down conflict .
this is the thing about the police , nothing is as tight or organised as we are led to believe .
i thought amazon would be a better place to buy from as the ones i brought from a chinese website did some strange things to me .
the other positive thing about these pills is that i m not finding myself dancing to any music .
this title really was the only thing that was missing from my life .
if there s one thing he knew for sure it 's that i would nt want to lose the deposit money for four people .
if i forget everything else in my life , the look on alisons face when she first met our son is the one thing that i d want to keep hold of .
the first thing i noticed about the baby was his head .
one thing i knew for sure was that i did nt feel like a hero .
i would nt fall asleep in bushes , for one thing .
it rode on my shoulder on the bus , that kind of thing .
the thing that drew my eye to the ad most was that you could work from home and set your own hours .
the undead ranks swelled and shrank , a semi - transient membership , but throughout their evolution one thing remained constant : their leader .
up until that night in the basement with my father , i d assumed the only thing keeping me from laying my hands on the old mans twelve gage or his m1 carbine was my age , but then i discovered a more practical concern stood in my way : real guns were heavy .
for one thing , once a dog barked , it usually barked again .
when we make love , my size will be the last thing on your mind .
the first thing jinny noticed were the three handguns sitting on the counter over near the blue cats .
one thing she really liked about traveling to places like charleston was that she was not as well - known as she was in europe .
the only thing in his world was stirgs mouth .
the influence thing .
hangovers are the only thing i really begrudge about getting old .
the only thing they all agree on is that champagne is the best .
one thing he had learned , all those hard years roaming around argentina looking for fugitive nazis , was self - discipline .
another thing blistov had learned at the hermitage was the historic link between king charles the iv of france and czar brettany prentikof .
he did nt know roger and gwen from adam and eve , but he knew one thing about himself , which was that his intuition rarely was wrong .
the first thing he saw was a small painting of a russian factory .
its the thing described in stories by the english author jonathan gash that relate the life and times , loves and crimes of the inimitable , slightly crooked but lovable antiques dealer , lovejoy .
one thing gwen knew for sure was that none of the russians were getting into the jag .
that was the one thing i remembered about girls ' hair from that era .
after doing math all day , the last thing i wanted to do was more math .
but the thing that really endeared him to me was his personality .
another thing i like is the open space .
for one thing , he had houses to navigate around and the cables ran right over them , so he could n't follow the cables straight on .
and for another thing , the villain changed direction quicker than superkid could check on the villain 's progress .
and , the shocking thing about it was that i was good .
` ` that s just the thing .
the only thing that makes him my friend is that his payment arrived in a timely matter .
i had a sneaky suspicion it was bullshit and the only thing they cared about saving was some money .
` ` that s the thing .
i was still dazed , the only thing i could feel was the plastic cutting into my wrists .
the thing that changed my mind was the more and more i started thinking about the sequel connection , i realized this would be my one and only chance to really dump all over hollywood .
` ` please , the only thing black about tiger woods is the white women .
the craziest thing about him , though was that he was polite .
the last thing i needed was a fight with elise .
first thing we looked for this time was any staff members traveling in a pack of two .
the one thing we had going for us was that it was morning .
balthazar was slumped over to his left side ; the only thing keeping his body from falling to the floor was the belt around his neck .
the only thing i really like about o. henry is the fact that he spent three years in prison for embezzlement .
cab drivers and writers share one thing in common : a lot of people think they should be willing to work for free .
when you re alone and hungry late at night on the mean streets of denver , sometimes a hamburger in fifteen seconds is the only thing that keeps hope alive .
its a funny thing about sleep .
to me , the fascinating thing about dreams is how utterly boring they are to other people .
the prospect of becoming a crumpled corpse was the only thing about my job that intrigued me .
its a funny thing about determination .
its a ship of fools , a mixed crew , but they all have one thing in common : they overtip .
a cab drivers sense of entitlement is an awesome thing to behold .
the thing that was grinding at me though was the sense that i still had not earned the three bills that were stuck in my finnegans .
for another thing , frank hoddel was n't by any means the only gangster he 'd irritated lately .
his mind tried to picture emma chapman with a wasp waist , for one thing .
he scowled , and growled , ` ` if there 's one thing i ca n't stand about americans , it 's their warm - fuzzy , anything - goes - if - you - mean - well , touchy - feely '' he convulsed with laughter .
chapter 7 first one thing and then another richard hugh and emma chapman , still doing business as mr . and mrs . henry rochester , left the stuffed pelican laden with her shopping bags , and looked for his car .
the thought of a homogenous world depressed him , for one thing .
it was new , for one thing .
it had been a profound trust , for one thing , and she felt like she 'd been invited into a new world , unfamiliar , but richer and deeper than the life she knew .
it 's more efficient to have them available for multiple tasks , for one thing .
if there was one thing i learned at a dingy diner was that there were thieves who frequented the place to get at tired customers .
michael , i have bet her $ 20 that the only thing you deprecate about that day was the atrocious aim of the guardsmen !
there was one thing exceptionally wonderful about her that she would get too much happy for a thing which did not even belong to her .
one thing i was somehow able to intuit about the little girl was that , she was going to make something wonderful upon me .
the last thing brad saw was the man running out .
that was the thing about it korben nodded towards my glass of wine .
a good thing about having a girlfriend is that once you have been together for a while , you do nt have to impress her any more in the sack .
an experienced woman is one thing .
the oddest thing was that the big band music of earlier in the evening began pounding in his head as he did so .
we 're certainly a diverse group but we all share one thing : an unqualified optimism about man 's spiritual progress in this new unfolding age ! ''
the one thing i need right now is a real job . ''
` ` why , your life for one thing , '' he said .
` ` in your opinion , what 's the worst thing about you ? ''
you see , i have this thing about driving , traffic in general and road junctions in particular .
however , there was one thing about hera constant reminder , if you willconcerning her previous life of addiction : a missing thumb .
the most impressive thing i found about his language was the lack of variety .
the first thing that struck me about her before i even saw her was her perfume .
another thing i knew not to do was to let andrew know what i was feeling .
` ` laurel , the main thing here is no one would expect you to just take off .
as a child , there was one thing that i always hated -- the need to explain myself .
it is the same thing in all of us .
early mornings are not really my thing , so i did nt think much of anything important , or anything at all really .
first thing i do nt want to turn back on is , the epiphany : that anything important is important , whether anyone hears it or not .
i do n't know how well you know him yet , but one interesting thing that i learned about him , is he talks when he 's anxious or excited , unlike most , which get quiet when anxiety hits .
the thing about writing , i mean real writing , where people actually want to read it ; you have to read it yourself a hundred times first .
once he came and sat back down , i told gave him my answer , i think the biggest thing jacky left in the pit was despair .
dad reappears , bringing with him the one thing mom needs at the moment , more body weight .
the other neat thing ralphie liked about spaghetti was the way it could hang in long , gooey strands when held with a fork .
the last thing you want is to be one of those people who screams at your spouse : i told you s / he should have eaten those vegetables !
the big yellow kitchen was the first thing he saw and he ran over to it .
guys are good for one thing ; other than that you re a bunch of simian brutes .
i come from a long line of canines that can do this telepathy thing .
doing that with rogers one thing , babe .
both of them like you , its just that we have a loyalty thing going , friendship , and that includes roger .
the other thing that bothered him was seeing the bed unmade , and him knowing the housekeeper had made it before he left for jekyll .
one nice thing about the communication devices : they were associated with a single individual .
when the police entered her apartment , the first thing they noticed was a jade skull on the coffee table .
the first thing i noticed was the prevalence of dissension between groups that practise differing religions .
one thing i like most is the sixty inch tv .
the last thing i wanted was for morning to come .
for one thing , i had been too honest .
the funny thing was that it was beautiful , like being trapped in the best film ever made , the saddest song .
if there was one thing they all knew about digby , it was that he did nt do early .
workplace flexibility is the thing today .
the interesting thing here was that he specialised in imported cars and i m talking big , expensive , cars .
the thing about caymans is they 're a lot of work .
the thing about caymans is they 're very sensitive .
for one thing , he did n't enjoy killing people .
i never did get the whole accent thing , but whatever the last thought i was about to let penetrate my brain and ruin the mood was a gay one .
i was almost thinking about making a comparison between chase and him , and the last thing i wanted was to come off preachy , especially if there were a chance i could still salvage this and : a ) fuck him ; b ) steal back some youth , by fucking him ; or c ) bone back the years ; i guess all those options are the same so , d ) all of the above .
if he wanted it by that night , i 'd be up until sunrise ; and the last thing i wanted was chase walking in ( or out ) and seeing mr . 7 drooling inside his tiger shark of a car , looking like a total creep or worse , someone i associated with .
the first thing demo noticed when he left the station was an encampment of camels of the negev .
the thing about ancients cities is they were walled .
` ` the thing about gas is it always passes in the end . ''
cash - based never even noticed fluffy 's jaws creaking open , and it was the last thing he never noticed , ever .
but the number one thing , the foundation for the good life , was a person with heart .
another thing that i learned on the road is that even when it seemed like people were doing something for me , it was actually the opposite .
that 's one thing about people : you ca n't make them believe anything if they do n't want to , but they 're willing to buy into the craziest ideas instead : that granola bars are not cookies , that a gecko is a reliable insurance salesman , that large houses are more prestigious than the cheap hotels they resemble .
for one thing , they did n't know they were looking for stories .
but the thing is , when you are facing death , a kind of calm comes over you , and you start to think , ` ` okay , if this is it , i can handle it . ''
the first thing people see when they look at a house is the yard , and if it is not properly trimmed , those people will quickly disappear and never return .
for one thing , his dad worked at a sewer treatment plant and did comedy stand - up in his spare time .
he chuckled , ` ` funny thing is i hate being in debt .
the first thing he noticed , upon looking around him , was the lack of furnishings within his deep sea prison .
everything seemed new to the body and , needless to say , there was no such thing as social grace or etiquette .
and then it all became kind of fuzzy , and i realized i was shakingi know , weirdest thing , but i was shaking my whole body .
chapter eighteen open house i think the thing that scares me most these days is when the phone rings and the person on the other end of the receiver says , oh , i will just pop over for about five minutes .
he s a well - known older male actor who has been the closest thing to a father figure in my life .
for one thing , the archaeologists could n't make up their minds if he really was the pharaoh who had been so mean to the camels , or if it had been some other chap .
for one thing , he was going through a mid - life crisis .
the only thing distinguishing him from a penguin was a maroon scarf , which made him look vaguely exotic , as befitted a dangerous persian heresy .
for one thing , she has funny ideas about the economy .
for one thing , he now knew that his sweetheart preferred tractor factories to smooching , and for another , he was quite sure that wallowing in mud and quicksand was not part of an archer 's job description .
you might think paradise was no place for a chap like long john silver , but that 's the thing about the afterlife ; you just never know .
that 's the thing about mad werewolf scientists ; they have n't learned how to postpone gratification .
edwardian had a bad feeling about this ... . chapter 111 : teacher burn - out the thing about starting a daycare center and enrolling children in it is you eventually have to teach the children something .
i d only met him earlier that day , but he was the nearest thing to a friend i had .
it was the nearest thing to a hug i d had since i d got here .
except making love on the desk , of course ( a chap has his limits , and besides i suspected that the pressure of my trousers were the only thing keeping my pelvis from oozing away ) .
i was expecting to return to my dormitory , as it was the nearest thing i had to home now .
the immediate thing that leapt out about albert was his thick bushy moustache and sideburns .
they ll switch to possessions soon enough , and grace will be the first thing that ll go .
dr . brightman opened the black satchel that had been sewn back together so many times the only thing that remained of the original was the handle .
he s got a magical thing going on with his eyeballs where he s speaking to me through them .
his nose is slightly bigger than perfect , but otherwise , he s got the whole proportion and symmetry thing down .
there seemed to be a growing kind of static , electro - magnetic , immaterial , attractive energy thing between them , like invisible prickly jell - o .
but there was one catchy thing : marys scheme was like mixing up some nitroglycerine .
` ` you 're supposed to memorize the ten thousand food rules , for one thing . ''
for one thing , the owner , phineas godolfin , was a woodpecker -- the first woodpecker on tockworld to serve as ceo and absolute dictator of a major corporation .
for another thing , phineas had no idea what any of the people who worked for him were actually doing .
the thing about party balloons is , unless you 're the one holding the string , you simply ca n't control them ; they drift with the wind .
for one thing , there was no buzzing , humming , sinister electronics display .
for one thing , there were too many of them drifting around tockworld , and air traffic control was having a devil of a time keeping them from bashing into each other .
for one thing , he 's too big .
that s the great thing about being pregnant .
he did nt push it , knowing the only thing worse than being caught in flagrante delicto by a bunch of kids and their parents would be the discomfort of finding corn stalks where corn stalks had no business being .
but the most important thing about socks is the freshness , he said .
being unenlightened is the only thing which could be worse than being non - pc .
it is also about the only thing they have in common from a cultural standpoint .
the last thing your father needs at his age is to be eating eight pounds of red meat on his own .
that was one of the things that he found so attractive about her in the first place , that confidence in each and every one of her actions .
i m sorry , lily shook her head , but that s the one thing that pisses me off about ucupids success .
they would bogart the candy , for one thing .
one positive thing about the lakeview campus was there was everything in a room and a room for everything .
all of these establishments had one thing in common- the patented bottomless cup of coffee .
you know , it 's a funny thing about nostalgia .
one thing about pentecostal music- the blood had better be flowing , or else we 're not playing it .
but renovating , no matter how tough , had to be less of a pain than my years of being a legal secretary , where the only good thing was the salary .
` ` for one thing , the kittens were taken from their mother far too early .
` ` one great thing about the island is that people accept you for what you are .
when i lay down for a nap that afternoon , i noted that the royals had yet another thing in common ; they both liked kneading .
and yet , there was such a thing as believing a little too much in the inherent worthiness of all of your people .
` ` the first thing you 'll need is a faculty lounge . ''
the last thing any self - respecting neighborhood needs is an epidemic of civility and optimism .
the only thing they have in common with liz and jake is the sunglasses and the habit to leave without notice .
i have this feeling of being marooned without the little i had and the last thing i need .
they had rotted teeth , stunk to high heaven , and did nt know the first thing about keeping men alert and interested if you know what i mean , baby . ''
miss tutherly warbled hello to me , peering through her little , watery blue eyes and addressing me as harlene because she claims she ca nt call a young lady the same thing a hells angel straddles .
` ` yes , '' my ex agreed , ` ` if there 's one thing harley here handles with ease , especially lately , it 's expressing herself . ''
behind me , mike granters voice was the only thing to be heard .
contact marycarterauthor @ gmail.com a preposterous portfolio of parodies free selections from spoofs of the hobbit , game of thrones , harry potter , star trek and more by valerie estelle frankel copyright 2014 valerie estelle frankel smashwords edition discover other titles by valerie estelle frankel at smashwords.com : henry potty and the pet rock henry potty and the deathly paper shortage an unexpected parody : the unauthorized spoof of the hobbit contents introduction an unexpected parody : the unauthorized spoof of the hobbit how game of thrones will end : the influences driving the show and all the paths it may take henry potty and the man in the iron pants : a star trek : tng crossover the terrifying castle of terror : an original generic fantasy and introducingthe farce - ians of the galaxy , coming 2015 introduction what s the only thing better than parodies ?
her name for one thing !
money was one thing we did n't possess much of .
emilia thought , the only thing i do n't want about this sweetheart of mine is he snores and whistles after mid - night sometimes .
am i comforted , being in a protective group , am i happier there , is it like a bulletproof vest or a line of coke , is there such a thing as real friendship , does it keep me healthy and sane ?
god , in this hell there 's no such thing as such luck ? overpopulation , yet .
` ` member those stories 'bout perfect white ladies with just one thing wrong with 'em ?
i think the uncertainty is the biggest thing that s played on my mind .
this evening i tried a different tack and asked alison again what she thought the best thing about having a boy would be .
the only thing we have in common is that we are both on the school band .
when they walk into a room there is no such thing as silence .
twitter was a current favourite of his as well as this thing called snapchat , which was his communication of choice with the mayor 's wife .
i knew the next thing he would want would be the pepper .
and the one thing marla hated more than somebody elses holiday was one of her own holidays .
someone with the vision thing .
one thing about suzy .
the only thing an old woman hates more than the company of her husband is solitude .
for one thing , her iq was the off the scale .
but one thing that had not changed was the traffic .
the only thing he does know for certain was that what he sees is reality .
the first thing he noticed was that day had changed to night .
the first thing he noticed was that the bikes frame was female .
she lacked special powers , for one thing , and she lacked blood and bone , for another .
the thing is that you have to wait for them to grow out of it .
she felt confident , because if there was one thing she loved to do , it was fight .
the only thing i remember is that for days afterward i smelled like cool ranch doritos , lori explained .
the thing is , he always does yoga in there naked .
that was the great thing about being an art history major , especially in three - hundred level courses , classes were irrelevant .
that was the thing about steven , for as little effort as he put into keeping his grades up , he actually put a lot of effort into keeping his grades up .
steven shouted and then lowered his voice almost to a whisper , its time to get off another thing about mushrooms : self - awareness was nt always there and sometimes you could nt tell just how loud or quiet you were being .
the only thing they ca nt do really , and this is the nobody knows anything part , is know if anyone will come to see the movie that they ve made .
the astute1 reader might already have guessed that the one thing that the standard model can not explain is -- drum roll please -- gravity .
the last thing he wanted was to be cooped up in the house all day with some kind of live - in nurse spoon feeding him and wiping his arse .
the last thing i want is for reality to prove a point to me and have me die on the concrete below .
when sex is finished , the only thing that s changed are the bed sheets .
they were all different in their skin colour , their clothing and their ages but they all had one thing in common .
the whole vertical smile thing is throwing me off . ''
` ` true , but you 're forgetting one thing : a stan peters movie with no fucking profanity and characters that are redeemed at the end ? ''
` ` some things are obvious '' , bilj put in , ` ` like do n't be an asshole , for one thing '' . , ` ` sometimes a true friend has to cross some boundaries '' , velicia disagreed .
the job , for one thing .
the smile 's the thing that gets me every time , draws me right in like a moth to a .
besides , the choice was not up to him , and charles had nt much time to think before bari smashed into the ground , and clarity of thought in such situations is a tough thing to come by .
one thing ill say for him is that instead of basking in his own self - pity , he did think of ways he could bring himself out of such a state .
maybe the coaches got tired of him singing and dancing in the showers , one thing we wo n't miss about good old elmer .
one thing he overlooked is that the show wo nt help blind people .
the other new thing is that instead of wood on your sealed up windows you have this cheese grater metal .
suddenly there was only one thing that existed in the spiders world , going home pain : the pain that carries injured children home without pause to pick up belongings or to explain to friends what has occurred , the only concern being to reach a parent as fast as possible ; the only uttering , a feeble going home .
the last thing he needed was more criticism .
chapter nine : its tradition the first thing paddington saw in the interview room was the pile of clothes stacked on the otherwise - empty table .
that 's the thing about old people : if you do n't cut them off , they will never stop .
` ` no such thing as gender .
last thing i need is people passing out . ''
he was competent but the thing that bothered me was that all his plumbing looked so ugly .
her twat was the one normal thing about her .
but the most disturbing thing was the absence of pinky on her front stoop .
the thing he feared most in this world , or at least in the world of economic transactions , was not getting what he paid for , even if he did nt pay for it .
other people do nt take me seriously , for one thing , and i ve never had a solid relationship .
the last thing i need to hear first thing in the morning is your crap !
it is just another one of the things , which i hate about myself and this is probably why i got into this beauty game in the first place .
that is not the only thing i notice about my shabby appearance , for i have a large gold - rimmed creamy stain from who knows what on the front of my white uniform dress .
i m still the same person just because i have a child , that s the only thing different about me , replied kim with a pounding of the dough that spoke for her true feelings .
kids are nt really my thing ; give me an adult over a teddy bear to talk to any day , i mumble half to myself and half to him .
my date is , called jed black ( weird i know for if we were to marry then i would be changing my surname from one colour to another ) and he is hairy in a cute kind of way , if you like , the jesus of nazareth thing that is for the only thing missing is his robe and sandals .
my date is , called jed black ( weird i know for if we were to marry then i would be changing my surname from one colour to another ) and he is hairy in a cute kind of way , if you like , the jesus of nazareth thing that is for the only thing missing is his robe and sandals .
as do many people i know , who complain about the same thing , which is slightly concerning , or is it that all old trolleys suffer this fate eventually and it is akin to having stiff joints in the elderly ?
the only thing my dad does not offer me is the pipe and slippers , but i know he means well .
the only thing royal about them would probably be the odd surname or the money in their arse pockets that bear the face of her majesty .
i suddenly lost my calmness and broke down in tears at what could have happened , since that is the last thing i would ever want to see is any harm come to her son whilst apologising no end .
whilst also , being brought into the mix next were some gentle tummy rubs , which is a new thing for me being that it was over your clothes .
and there is such a thing as too much information , besides , if i knew more about it all then i d only worry more and sometimes ignorance really is bliss because what you do nt know ca nt hurt you or so they say .
the only thing i want is a hug from you , if you ll let me .
* * * if there s one thing i learned from family sitcoms growing up , its that sisters , despite their superficial squabbles , have a superglue - level of a bond .
their aim was worse for one thing , and they were sweating so much their chest hairs were starting to glisten .
but what was i even supposed to write in response , when i d asked him what the toughest thing about writing was , and he d calmly answered writing in a language other than english .
but that s the thing !
the only thing i remembered after that , was stumbling into the house at three a.m .
i d seen pictures of him , but the two - dimensional version did nt do a thing for the original .
if there was one thing sonny and i could agree on , it was our love for rich and delicious food .
i m sorry but i m really busy , i said , gazing at the ground to avoid any chance of eye - contact ( the last thing i needed was to humanize the volunteer ) .
i think the first thing i picked out on it was feelin alright .
it was a time of excess , for one thing , and for another , man , listen to that cut .
i mean , he was disguising it as a mental exam , but it was mostly curiosity , you know , i was the closest thing to a celebrity he d ever treated .
its got that green river riff to it , a chugging thing , even though its acoustic , it sounds like a freight train , do nt you think ?
i hated the fact that the last thing i would hear before i die was their voices .
my body craved the one thing it needed , which was the one thing i felt repulsed to think about .
the only thing distinguishing one house from the next was the choice in landscaping and even then there was not much variety .
i would n't know the first thing about defending myself against a two - thousand - year - old ex - lover with a grudge .
the only thing i could hear was the thought in my head repeating over and over , he was an innocent .
as he sat at the bar waiting for her , he realized it was the closest thing to a bond they shared this sense of life being meant for something beyond the world as it had been handed to them .
we shared all things equally : our love of hockey ; a taste for vodka ; that warm , tight place maurys sister sheltered between her legs .
the only thing wrong with my life was the fact that i d got caught .
but the selfs contentment was the only thing constituting the mind and body .
doink and chuck broke free from the spotlight , realizing that their fear was the only thing keeping them locked beneath the light .
for charlotte , the mysteries of the piano made it an almost an object of worship , which was the closest thing she knew to religious faith in a family that had no religion .
the first thing that surprised her was that she truly enjoyed reading the bible .
the thing that surprised her was how many of the stories contained gentle , loving and tender moments .
the thing that none of her mentors ever understood was that mercy had grown up with a completely different understanding of reality than they had .
sister mercy had , for one thing , just uttered the longest speech either of them had ever heard her make .
for one thing , we have turned into a virtually silent community .
but if there s one thing that missing from this sort of representation , its only that things ultimately , were , indeed , unknowable .
this is the thing about koreans .
her father , who had flown helicopters in the vietnam war , was now a boeing executive , now had heaps of money , and that was another nice thing about seattle , she was rich , she was privileged , she would probably never work a day in her life .
he just wanted more perfume pvs ; the dissonance of the grating undercurrent made their girl - pop voices all the more sweet ; it was the one thing he missed about the free world .
` ` the thing about japanese society is that by definition you have no hope .
funny thing is , he s the one taino guy who really gets things done .
for one thing , she s totally devoted to ed and would be devastated if he even heard a whisper about such a thing .
well , the last thing i needed was for stuff like that to get out , and i knew iona was nt about to keep such a juicy bit of gossip to herself .
that bossy teacher thing is just the way she copes .
so well , for one thing , he found out about that wrestling thing , which the royston enterprises website conveniently ignores .
the first thing your spirit learns from being a tree is to be completely dependent upon god .
that irritated her , but she let me get away with it because the last thing she wanted to be was politically correct .
the last thing i noticed upon entering the place where i d find my lifelong furry companion was the activity of the dogs .
the first thing she saw as she opened her eyes was contrast .
the best thing about you , added another woman .
it will be the best name , but a name should be something we decide is best , which is not necessarily the same thing as the best thing about you corrected eve , the important woman .
for one thing , it takes all religions and makes them into one manmade potpourri .
his smiling face was the first thing i saw when they splashed water over me .
solitude was a thing craved at times , like this morning .
the only mysterious thing about doug , he knew , was what he kept to himself about the business .
the only thing my helmet was good for was keeping me conscious for one split second longer as the implacable rolling tread of one enormous tire came right at my face !
the weirdest thing about that falling - down house was the way it stayed up .
the only thing that made it unsatisfying was he could not remember how he had managed the stroke that had wounded the other knights arm .
he would not scruple about sex , if he ever thought using his body would get him preferment , and the only thing that has stopped him up till now is his cold - fish face and utter self - absorption ) .
but the significant thing about the story was how it recalled to his memory that he had been remiss in visiting his friend gregory kline at the pen .
as a cop , one thing he firmly accepted is that a vast amount of money was wasted on rehabilitation of the prison population .
its sort of like saying , i see something about you that makes me like you , and i am your friend because that thing that i like about you makes me happy .
the moment i saw you in the visiting room that was the second thing i knew about you , after recognition .
but i just wanted to thank you for the one thing i truly appreciated about our marriage .
the last thing he did was smile reassuringly , he hoped , at his boy all a stricken gloria stoddard saw was dear gil on the floor with the gunman kneeling and weeping over his body .
when you had been healed and your wisdom made full , yet one thing remained .
the only thing i remember best are the barriers instead of the table .
the only thing they share is the start of the knee in the top spin , the wide movement , the high conclusion .
i was the oldest , so i was in charge of taking care of the chaos ; managed chaos , if there is such a thing .
if there is one important thing that he misses in the absence of anna , it is the familiarity of her sense of off - beat humor .
i figure that there are a few things important in life : love , happiness , finding beauty in the world ( even when it seems like such an ugly , unkind place ) , and lastly hope .
the cool thing about sp kids , says steve , is that because they re good with school stuff , well that means they usually know that they re good in at least something .
well after that , it became the thing at cunningham that if two guys were desperately arguing over something and putting each other down , someone would go over to them and say , you guys make any good pudding lately ?
sadly luciana ca n't claim one thing she 'd miss about her mother seeing as the woman did n't give a flying fuck about her in her first life .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- to : concordia ( conniewolfe13 @ gmail.com ) from : slayerboi2001 @ yahoo.com subject : re : nm one thing i 'll miss about mom is her kisses .
sadly luciana ca n't claim one thing she 'd miss about her mother seeing as the woman did n't seem to give her the time of day , but luciana knows that her mother did love her no matter what her mind told her .
the onion chutney that was one of the sauces that came with the samosas was fionas favorite thing on the whole menu .
the first thing he noticed after the people who had turned to look at them was the hundreds of ceramic beer mugs hanging from a rack on the ceiling behind the bar .
the one thing he did nt like was the lack of small , private tables ; instead the tables were , like the bar itself , long and narrow , and the seats provided were benches .
one thing that was not at first apparent but which was the source of his power over his own sex was an aura of suppressed fury that could be read in his eyes .
the third thing is this : what do people say to you around christmas time ?
the one thing that made this another dangerous situation was that phoebe was drinking her beers very quickly .
hell need a bath and a change first thing , and i need to apply the zinc oxide for his diaper rash .
one thing only was stronger than her wifely thralldom , however , and that was mothers love .
he was sure natalie noticed the same thing and felt the same way , which was the reason she wanted to rescue his mother and make her whole .
its one thing we have a lot of .
in one thing only , his feelings towards marilyn , did she seem inordinately curious , but even this he perceived only indirectly .
a distaste for violence was one thing he shared with the chief .
for one thing , pat , who had taken bills death very hard , was in poor health .
i want that too , but i mean , what i really want is the one thing i ca nt have .
noiselessly they ate and watched and listened and heard nothing but the steady rocking and occasional sobs , the only thing left of abels voice .
i qualify inconspicuous because one thing about the i in the story of my life is self - evident : i am writing a story called b / will / iam / ie and al and max and you and i , in which i m telling a story that i am in .
the only thing about him that matters is that he s writing this story .
for one thing , its ironic that the name of the place where ernest hemingway in the story of his life is caught up with by al and max is ketchum , sun valley .
not once in the weeks i was assisting mitch was he any- thing but jolly and helpful to the kid .
one thing i could be certain of the place she was in and her coloring declared she could not be the wasp that i was .
hell , the last thing you care about as you push on is penmanship .
last thing in the world i want is a copy of the book .
that was one thing her mother loved to help with , making up those baskets .
jakes attitude for one thing .
that was about the last thing , that smile .
its the only thing she remembers , him standing there with that phrase and nothing else but the loop of wire and the pliers in his back pocket .
but the class was notable for one thing .
it was the same thing as with clay and mark .
he was non - descript , in many , and the only flashy thing about him was the sheepskin rug he used as a comforter .
it was the first thing his writing had ever gotten him .
one thing about becky , was that while knocked down , she would not be beaten .
the first thing i thought of , was she was a force of nature , charging through life and taking no prisoners .
it was another thing with people .
it was a long and difficult hike but one thing about street life was a man got used to being on his feet and walking was as natural to danny as sleeping standing up was to a horse .
one thing danny knew was that joe could learn whatever he wanted to learn and that he simply disdained what bored him .
for one thing she could nt split the logs piled up in the back and they were too thick to burn .
too timid to leave home for one thing , marrying my high school sweetheart because i was lonely and getting stuck out in the middle of nowhere for my entire fucking life .
the first thing he was going to buy when he got some money was a pack of real cigarettes .
one thing he had brought back with him from the west coast was a love of good coffee .
one thing she especially admired about him was how healthy he wasnot just physically but ethically , psychologically , personally .
it was one more thing that made being a single mother difficult .
leons self - absorption was wearing thin , but one thing donna still liked was the apartment which offered the background to the portrait of virgies intense and excited face .
there was one thing that was getting better .
the one thing i do nt have a lot of is time , you see .
the only good thing about the library is that it would give dora a conniption fit .
he noticed an interesting thing right offthat chris was basically shy .
another thing he learned as they started constructing the top of the mayan superstructure was that the stones above and in front of the superstructure had inscriptions .
the thing malcolm noticed was that they were very nice and kept mommas feelings in mind .
one thing we share completely is a sense of order .
well , because i believe in the power of education to change people , for one thing .
one thing he had learned from his life on the streets was not to let a good thing go until something better showed up .
one thing tillich understood was that faith implies doubt .
so she had curiosity , which mrs . simpson , the teacher she had last year in eighth grade , said was the most important thing in the world .
the first thing she examined was her nose .
one thing was different .
the only thing she had was her beauty , and when she saw the way many boys stared at her she soon figured out how to use her beauty to get her way .
the only thing i ve looked up outside of school stuff is alcoholism .
the only thing they got wrong was his hair .
another thing he discovered even before realizing it and only thought about as he gazed at his father was that everything looked and seemed different without his dad in the world .
that s another thing my dad called ray , a donkey .
one thing he learned from this ordeal was the value of patience , something he would later need when he was back in civilian life and the drinking started ruining him .
the only thing he was glad about was that he was always loving to his daughter and son so that luckily they did not hate him .
ii christmas time one thing tris had learned about ted was that he loved to do things on the spur of the moment .
for two weeks he was virtually the only thing students , professors and staff talked about .
the first thing she had noticed when he arrived was that he did nt look like his picture .
he thinks the most important thing is to have a good heart .
it was another thing to get used to .
the first thing he noticed was that she did not throw like a girl with a motion as if slapping at something in front of her ; rather with her arm perpendicular to her body she would snap the ball from behind her ear the proper way .
time is a strange thing .
he jumped before having to witness the holocaust of nazi germany but the only thing new about that particular incident of genocide was the systematic and efficient way in which the nazis sought to exterminate every last jew the same way scientists would go about exterminating some strain of bacteria .
the first thing that struck him , virtually literally , was the smell .
and this phantom called life , this fleeting dream is the only thing we have in common .
well there s no such thing as always or never in medicine , but the blood profile you ve got would be sure to make the journals if it turned up in somebody with a jewish or asian mother .
the first thing caroline noticed was the framed picture on the dressing table , a sepia - toned photograph of a young man in military uniform .
then at least we have one thing in common .
the old burial ground on banabrook , for one thing .
the second thing john noticed was the minotaur seemed to have a clear idea of where he was going .
names became a big thing whenever frank chose to do anything , which is why that night he felt there would be no better place to drink than in the public house named , nobody inn .
one thing i discovered without you is that imitation does not work .
the only thing that kept me walking was the heat and the sweat .
it 's the only thing i live for , the memories that i ' m afraid to remember too often in case they fall apart the way toys and clothes do .
his body fell apart , his breath barely leaving his lips , his lungs crackled , ' you are the only thing in my life that matters .
when he misses a shot , it tickles me when he says one thing i absolutely will not tolerate is incompetence - especially in others or , if he makes a particularly difficult shot , its as my grandmother used to say , effort is no substitute for ability .
this complete uncertainty was the worst thing of all .
the only thing that i understood was that there is one thing that unites all the world religions and it was the power of faith of the people , their attempts to understand god and themselves .
when the training began , the second thing that struck me was the ideal discipline and friendly atmosphere that surrounded us .
that is why the most important thing in self - perfection is to work with your thoughts .
the most important thing is to come out with your consciousness over the boundaries of your body .
in other words , the most important thing in the exercise with the ball is to achieve a complete calmness of the mind , like in the example with the lake ?
the main thing was the feeling i realized in myself .
the most important thing is who you really are and how you carry yourself , how you devote yourself to your spiritual growth .
the most important thing is to believe in themselves , in their powers , and not to be lazy .
the important thing is that you almost feel it physically , as if something is there , for example , a big , round ball .
the main thing for me is perfection of my soul .
and the most important thing is that they realized there was only god above them instead of any emperor or bishop .
the most important thing is , the reason we have all these regenerations , the reason that bad things happen , the reason we have problems is because we are in a material body that we depend on 99.9 % of the time .
the most important thing was that i had never had such a dream before .
the lake is the only thing i liked about the falls .
that s another thing about the second trimester : my appetite is going crazy .
for one thing , i ' m teaching six classes .
for one thing , i have experience and i m positive ill get hired .
opportunity the first thing that hits me , before we even get off the plane , is how incredibly green everything is .
but this completely satisfied joyces mind , and this curious sort of magic approach to words as having some sort of intrinsic value apart from their references was a very characteristic thing in him .
[ 110 ] richard brown , joyces englishman : that hetrogeneous thing from stephens blake and dowland to defoes true - born englishman , joyce , ireland , britain , eds .
time was one thing he did n't measure , however .
arrivals can do strange things to a person , rosemary said , finding a place next to him on the chill concrete step .
if there was one thing he liked to do , it was talk .
i guess the one thing i want from life , is to be in love .
it turns out the thing i hated most about other people was the quality i best exemplified .
doppelgangers were the last thing on her mind .
the thing about steven , pre - hope , was that he was n't exactly the steven he would become .
she had beautiful hair , it was the first thing that attracted steven to her .
the first thing he looked at was her hair .
that doppelganger thing .
he pictured a smaller entry way and then a large room , but the large room the first thing he walked into .
it was the first thing he noticed .
he opened the door and the first thing he noticed was the plastic .
the thing i dread most is the hippie element .
father everlasting when forty - five year - old banker , james o'brien , loses the only job he has ever had , he discovers a number of harsh facts : his age and educational limitations reduce his value in a tough job market where many companies are downsizing , he has lost the esteem of his wife , unemployment compensation is an inadequate and finite resource , and the only thing genuinely important to him is his children .
one thing in academia never changed -- publish or perish .
a friend , i wo nt say who , once told me that the thing that had sustained her in her marriage was that she had always found her husband amusing .
the thing is brads a great guy .
cold was the only healthy thing around her .
it used to be such a feminine thing to be .
when we were thrown together in the hospital the thing that most drew me to you was your character .
a second thing they had in common .
the most important thing is leadershipby example .
the first thing he notices as he comes through the door is that mikes house is beginning to smell abandoned .
the same thing happened with louise .
and in that exchange of here for there , that may be the only thing i am .
the first thing budda noticed was the waffle maker , sitting invitingly on the counter like a belgian temptress .
that girl came to louisville for one thing , and it was nt to watch the kentucky derby .
she was a plain woman who grimaced like friendly customer service was the last thing on her list of professional goals .
his protectiveness was the thing that pleased her most , but this strange boy who came so far to find her cousin looked like he would melt if anyone even looked his way .
bareshas soft and warm hand on his was the best thing he had ever felt .
that s the thing about you .
the main thing is the way he looks .
the main thing is that he s gifted .
another good thing about being at the church is the silence , max said .
the face i saw was unshaven and i do nt think i saw the forehead because one thing i do recall was greasy hair sticking out from under a grubby hat .
she rarely commented on anything ; but i put the books on a table near the front door and , over a period , i was able to work out what she likedold style romances , where the nearest thing to sex might be a chaste kiss ; never agatha christie or anything with murder or violence .
the best thing about the job on the island , from the scientist 's point of view , is that it gives him the opportunity to continue his work on vaccinations .
the nice thing about a farmhouse kitchen on a big farm like this , marie realizes , is that everything is set up to make really big meals for a lot of people .
the next thing to rush into her awareness unbidden is a sudden strong feeling of repulsion , a need to pull away , as if she had inadvertently picked up a burning hot object .
` ` but that 's the thing about epidemics , is n't it ? ''
` ` it would cost a fortune to create a federal traffic enforcement department , for one thing . ''
one thing they do agree on , though , is they back me .
that 's the thing , in fact .
the thing is , there have always been people like that .
during his final weeks at poultristics the thing that had kept gene upbeat , positive , and enthusiastic was the knowledge that half of the poultry industry was going to be fighting over him .
the thing that defined gene as much as anything was that what he really liked was to work , and what gave him great satisfaction was to be well paid for that work .
almost from the very start the only thing that worked out with maryellens plans for the skeins game was that the bamboo floor was beautiful and practical and the led lighting did bring out the richness of the yarn colors .
that s one thing i could attest to without reservation : people in the south were a lot friendlier .
the last thing either one of us needed was to be worried about the baby .
the only thing that appeared out of place was that there were no books on the bookshelves ; at least not the first few that i saw .
the last thing i needed was one more thing to think about ; but i stopped to listen .
every now and then it would have been nice to get my two - cents in , but if i had learned one thing during the previous eight months , it was that one should not argue with a pregnant woman .
the only thing out of place was the curly white hair on the head of someone who did not look old enough to deserve it .
but the funny thing was , she too seemed to look at him with familiar eyes .
boil it down ; its the same thing , just an appreciation for it at a different level .
but the odd thing about your so - called selling out and making it in the industry is this : the more money you make , the more artistic freedom you get .
my job was boring but there was one cool thing about it .
that s another thing i really like about the pacific northwest , it has the most gorgeous tall pine and cedar forests .
and see that they have this thing , a bizarre desire to continually revisit the time when one first became sexually mature .
that s another thing i learned .
it is a strange and magical thing but i know that the tall man healed me .
the only thing they have in common is they all have oversized eyes and heads .
ii guess its the same thing that occurs between most couples after they ve been married for many years , i stammered .
oddly , and for reasons i had nt yet pinpointed , the custodians penchant for whistling was nt the only thing about him that reminded me of my youth .
therefore , i can presume she must discern the same thing when looking at me .
the last thing i need today is anymore trouble .
it was the only thing keeping me on my feet .
the one thing that galls me more than anything else is that you had the potential to be a superb educator .
the only thing i m resenting right now is that you think i m walking around angry at the world .
miles realized his own colossal ignorance , having never even read the entire bible , having never taken a god size leap of faith , was the only thing that had led him to believe his argument had any validity and merit .
all of this added up to one thing for miles : the realization that they needed to work as rapidly as possible .
in the eyes of god and this child within me , love is the only thing that led to her creation , thought cindy .
the first thing juan noticed was a flashing red light on the top of the device that looked to him like the eye of the devil as it blinked on and off slowly , seemingly winking at him with a sense of evil amusement .
as she sipped on the steaming drink that the young girl , about julias age , brought out to her , she reasoned that basking in the hurt was the only thing that kept her sane , if in fact she was still sane .
she sat at that desk working until she forgot that everything around her felt so foreign , until the ambiance faded away completely and all that existed was her and those paperssomething familiar , the closest thing she had to home .
ventricular fibrillation was the last thing he experienced .
that 's the thing with death row prisoners ... just like momma used to bake , he requested a last meal of fried shrimp , baked potato , salad , boiled corn , cheesecake and a cherry soda ... -a cherry soda from the parlour , sir ?
he s just my type ... except for that whole arrogance thing .
once again , her eyes are the first thing i notice about her , and she seems more familiar to me again .
her mother called first thing .
because the thing i ca nt face now is you !
oh , my god , the bacon they put on them is so crispy , its the best thing in the world .
the most enjoyable thing about happiness of fish is the underlying compassion of the book .
yes , the really surprising thing about javier castillo was not the disappearing act .
for one thing , the lamb had been the only one to find the hole in the fence , which billy thought was smart .
that was part of the thing of being the st . john , she learned .
not knowing was , even , part of the thing of doing the next thing .
the thing about the open space , her grandfather had told her , was that it was n't actually ` ` open '' .
a person is the only thing he 's got .
where was the gun , for one thing , and she remembered it was up in the loft , safe and sound .
for one thing , caroline had used up most of the flour for the egg and cheese pies she 'd made the night before , and she was tempted by even the thought of fresh homemade bread .
just show up he did , and the first thing he noticed about the town of los arboles was the entire town of los arboles .
artemis probably would not be appropriate for the author of who s your daddy , baby ? , with all the fertility fiascos that inspired the book but we do have that hunt thing working with the paternity search .
the only thing he could focus on aside from the deafening crowd outside was what his mind was trying to tell him .
the first thing he noticed was a man sitting in a white wing chair in the middle of the room .
apparently their mutual hate for italians was one thing jackies grandparents did share and agree on .
well , that s just the thing , melissa .
: : 43 : : ( pasadena ) one thing about telepathy is that the word itself is misleading , for the secret to the concept is that it involves no distance .
well , that s just the thing , she said .
ananda said , aloud , closeness is a curious thing , melissa .
i have to be back in los angeles for another meeting tomorrow first thing .
i do nt know the first thing about being a four - year - old .
only one thing really .
the one thing he is not doing , however , is rambling on about los angeles or reading .
well , that s just the thing , she said , glad that she suddenly remembered .
it was a comfort , it was the only thing he really knew , that and the ceiling which hovered above him like a lawn in the air , and the light fixture like a small local sun in the grassy sky .
anne looked up and smiled , then answered a slightly different question , well , that s just the thing .
time is the one thing i do nt have , jim .
and , as for a story , the last thing i want is another tabloid thing about freak reincarnation .
no , that was just it , it was not unbelievable , it was so believable , that was the thing , he said .
it is the same thing though : inhuman , unhuman .
another other thing he took away was the certainty that whomever put this down to a neurological disorder had not experienced it first hand , could not possibly have .
and that was the thing they agreed on , all these ancients , and harry too : from the outside , from above , ascended , it was a milky mist , strange in that it was entirely transparent , yet entirely there .
he will begin to notice the color or depth of her eyes , and she will again begin to notice those things we refer to as manly during the pre - season : strength , agility , depth of voice timber .
but they had one thing in common : they liked harman - karman , very much ; and as they both perceived his departure they sighed in unison at such folly .
the first thing harman - karman saw was the top of a blond head .
a whisper which surprised her as much as it did the elm ( as much as it did the other surrounding trees , for there is really no such thing as successful whispering among trees ) .
the hinges did not squeak was a weird thing to notice .
especially if harman - karman focused , that s one thing he was very good at , focus .
but it is a curious thing about trees , and about calling those you know : really , you do nt need the name , for it is but a label after all , all you need is the image of the person , that indelible impression the person has made on you , for that is who she truly is .
: : 147 : : the odd thing about the storm leaving is that very few people seem to actually notice it .
he thoughtand the though was like a fleeting thing , a distant bird perhaps , not really visible , but there nonethelessthat he should remove his shoes ; he even tried to reach them , but realized as he fought to stay afloat that the laces were wet , the knot impossible to undo .
if there is one thing they like to point out , these guys do , its that you are the self .
something rippled within her , not a piney thing , something deeper , a soft knocking on a door that for a long , long time had remained securely shut , a something seeking voice .
looking for the truest truth in the painting : the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the paltry one of what makes four ( two plus two ) , or what makes six ( three plus three , or three times two , or nine less three ) the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the pleasant one of one more kiss , or one more touch or glance and sweet caress the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the ugly one of starved to death by constant greed the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is not the shiny one of just so many stars and just so far away the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is not the falling one of gravity , the rising one of air , the gliding one of wind , or sinking one of stone nor the flying one of bird , or swimming one of fish , or swaying one of tree or grass in the wind , or raining one of clouds too gray and heavy nor the warming one of sun , or stilling one of moon the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is all of these and more the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is that one yes that proves it all , affirmative of all corroborated everywhere in everything in everyone the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is that one breath that brought it all about is that one truth that first and last and always says : see , i am evident it is that one long and silent yes which everything points to , and i will look for and find each thing that does for as i look , and listen well my heart , my me will tell if this one thing , say this stone this bird bears witness and i will know , for know i do , if it does and if it does ill render it true with color true this painting to receive , embrace , reflect this canvas of evidence each thing , it could be a smile , a frown it could be a sigh , the bending over to kiss the earth of the bluebell each such thing as i see i will render it true in this painting a friendly word , the silent god i see and paint them both upon my canvas he laughs and laughs and can not stop : it too strikes me true and so i add his laughter this i know : when all i see and all i hear and all i sense and think and fear when all i taste and all i touch and all i read and treasure much when all i was and ever will be when all you were and ever will be when all this is and ever will be when all rings true with color brushed again by me then i will have rendered true the truth i seek and behold , he says : the painting is come alive as one long and never ending yes and finding it , seeing his collection of little truths come together at last to form the one yes he was looking for , harry was soon struck by another , stranger one , in the paintee : it is done , and come alive it lives and breathes and labors that colors could rise and cast shadow that trees first bent this way now bend that bemused i sit and wonder its here all right canvas of all life alive indeed and vastly me but only as a paintee as painter this bemusing thing : the paintee looks up and says good the paintee looks down and says bad the paintee looks up and says white the paintee looks down and says black the paintee looks up and says love the paintee looks down and says hate the paintee looks up and says god the paintee looks down and says devil the paintee looks up and says heaven the paintee looks down and says hell the painter looks on and says : painting the ring of melting ends with layers , which , whenever he reads it , makes harry wonder if wendell reeses did not simply de - materialize rather than vanishthere is a difference .
she had that annoying youre - out - of - town - and - we - dont - like - you thing about herin spades , as joost would say .
the only thing is though , that when he says without any reservations as to time , which would include the season , he gives no further advice or clues as to how , exactly , you re to not even think of sex once the storm arrives .
the next thing harry felt was not a scream , it was the essence of a scream : the anguish of roots .
the thing about bruising is explaining it .
the last thing i see before it all goes black is the sky , and the moon , and kara , and paiger , my mom , my dad , ray , jake , c - man , my friends , my family .
my eyes shoot open , and the first thing i see is paiger .
i had heard all this before , it was the thing that stephen and i had in common and we offered it up to each other over glasses of wine shortly after we met .
that was a thing about school , you had to sink into it , let it enclose you or you would remain an outsider .
but that was the tricky thing with us , i never knew whether that tiny creature with paper thin , hairless skin , reddish purple with eyes fused shut like a blinded kitten was a baby or not .
i found a place that sold chocolate croissants , still warm and i bought some good coffee because helena seemed to only have instant which was very unlike her because good coffee was one of the things we always said we would have when we left home .
complaining about the choices you ve made , were they right , were they wrong , well the thing is frankly , you re lucky to have them .
the sound of the chattering had evidently set the proceeding chain of events into motion : the first thing she heard was the sound of a man and a woman talking .
his sense of humor is probably not the best thing to talk about right now .
i guess the thing about him is he s wound so tight that he sometimes feels a bit awkward in social situations .
the sounds carried the cavalier tones of the men , who clad in their best tuxedos , pulled their shoulders back in a dignified manner , held their drinks properly in their hand as they admonished their lesser associates for one thing or another .
the factions were one thing that had nt disappeared with the institution of free love in this facility , despite the best hopes of the administrators .
the thing that einstein fundamentally hated about quantum mechanics was the element of uncertainty or what he termed indeterminism .
here it is important to add that while there are not many things we can know about these quantum particles with certainty , one thing we do know is this : like gloves , they have to come in pairs .
then she said , another thing about true silence : it is unkillable .
another thing about npnasati is that if practiced right , and diligently , it can and will lead you all the way to the ultimate stillness , nibbna .
if there is such a thing in this scenario as lying low that s what i would do .
the one thing , however , that is rarely pointed out , is the one thing that all life has in common , apart from being life , of course : life eats .
but that was not the most terrifying thing about it .
the most terrifying thing about the image was their eyes , four dark windows to the deepest guilt humans can feel .
one thing that had already set this trial apart was that , for a change , no one wanted out of jury duty , the reverse was true .
for weeks the greatest thing on earth , what kept me going , that shining light ahead , was that one moment , that one glorious moment when after hobbling into my room , after closing the door behind me , i could finally sit down on my bed and ease my feet out of their twin prisons .
but this was jiddu krishnamurti , and the terrifying thing about hearing this from him was that my father , from what i had so far experienced , just did nt lie .
the thing about this libraryabout the books that filled these many shelveswas that they had been read , and yes , from what i now know , they had all been read by her .
the thing about trolls , though , is that they wo nt show themselves to people looking for them , so you must nt be looking for them ; still , you must nt not be looking for them , for then you might miss them .
another thing , he realized : no televisions ( a thing gerald always counts in any place he enters for the first timehe thinks of it as the stupidity index , the more the stupider ) .
respect is one thing .
and that s just the thing , ea , so many of the professors are not doers , not at all .
well , that s the thing , he said .
and i have concluded that if he could be said to enjoy one thing , other than his sparse , concerted and sometimes creative stratagems for blocking out the event of his father 's suicide and its subsequent , related effects , it is the indefinable emptiness of the sub - suburbs themselves , the association of scattered things in proximity but disconnected , available but cut off , alive but alone and forgotten .
but after all these platitudes were finished the judges pointed out one thing : ` ` laredo is in texas . ''
table of contents prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 epilogue commentary on dannys spiritual cosmology prologue when i stepped out the doors of peyton , pennsylvanias juvenile correction center into the august afternoon , the last thing i expected to see was steve kinney waiting to pick me up .
the only good thing about summer in the desert is the monsoons that wash away the stagnant air as a reminder that things change .
one thing that has nt changed is the hill called the watcher , the one that stands west of totudi , between the village and the steepest slopes of the mountains .
plenty of girls , for one thing .
the only thing that was real was the constant thought , the gnawing knowledge , that my mother and father were dead and gone .
the only thing that was real was the inner wasteland of regret and sorrow that nothing could assuage .
for one thing , their business interests will be secure and they wo nt want to do anything to harm those .
its the one good thing about the colonial legacy , eh ?
it was a thing that we had invented mark and i to the high school : the days '' malpredi '' they were for us the days sfigate , those that , where you move you you move you , you make a cazzata .
i have understood , but if i have offered her all thing last night can i do there ?
now you explain me : thing you have with the job ?
me in this moment job only to survive , and the thing that more me ago incazzare is that i am not able it stuffed really nothing , can conform only .
this is a thing typical of italians , a thing that makes me go the blood to the head !
i feared more than every thing the possibility that hidden pain resurfaced of hit sbugiardando the falsehood of the reaction that i had had to the news .
curious , i have asked even her thing you / they had combined his / her cousin and my two strampalatis friends to leuca , but she has not wanted to confirm neither to deny my insinuations ... to say the truth , finished the supper there has been a moment in which i have risked to again fall in the obsession to have to favor my role .
the chief thing is he is ' a man of business and seems kind , ' that was something , was n't it , to send the bags and big box for them !
do you understand that the luzhin smartness is just the same thing as sonia 's and may be worse , viler , baser , because in your case , dounia , it 's a bargain for luxuries , after all , but with sonia it 's simply a question of starvation .
another thing striking about razumihin , no failure distressed him , and it seemed as though no unfavourable circumstances could crush him .
and he said to her that he was among the loneliest people she or anyone would ever meet , and yet the supreme value of an human entity had always been for him that human entitys conversation , by which he did not at all mean that he swooned at a good kingsley amis or henry james , not at all , but in his modest appraisal the key thing about a good conversation was that it should be utterly unlike his own .
trent said that mom and dad still think our relationship is the next thing to incest .
the thing is , i m starving .
instinct screamed he was being watched , but his instinct , the one thing he could always rely on , had gone haywire with terror .
chris thought of his fathers room , choked with drawings , plans and papersthe nearest thing to cannons immortal essence .
the last thing i want to do is work in that greasy hell hole .
i suppose the number one thing is why you and mother have nt kept in contact .
to him , elizabeth did the same thing as julia .
my mother says its the only thing she has left in new york .
the most important thing about photography is being at the right place at the right time .
that s another great thing about paris .
the only thing missing were the tools of an artist .
the first thing we noticed was how dark it was .
the second thing we noticed was the smell .
the last thing we noticed was that it was absolutely quiet , like when a gunfighter walks into a bar in the western movies .
in fact , for many of those coats , the only thing missing was the animals head .
one thing i never did with this crowd was look any of them in the eyes .
one odd thing about daytona beach , which i had never seen in the new york area , is they let you drive your car on the beach .
one thing i learned early when staying with relatives , was that you never refused when invited to eat with them .
if i went with these guys i d get to see the countryside , get fed , have a place to sleep and have a good time among other things .
that was another thing which amazed and shamed me at the same time .
there really is such a thing as kindness .
and the other good thing about san francisco is that its right next to tijuana .
the last thing that i needed was for gwen and katie to be discussing my sex life .
the last thing that i heard before i walked away was albertson saying , go on .
that was the best thing about having it .
the only thing that saved me was that none of the snakes were fast on their feet .
since it was a school day and the middle of the morning , the housing project was quiet , something she noticed with contempt and triumph : she was not deceived ; she knew peace was the last thing this neighborhood had to offer , and tracys bruised face last night was proof of that .
they certainly looked like troublemakersfor one thing , two of them seemed to be of high - school age but were not in school , and one drank from a beer can .
to grace , he added , they were the best thing at the dinner !
grace glanced at darrel and tightened her face into a smilebut at the moment , a smile was the last thing she felt like giving him .
the last thing she wanted was to face the woman at the end of the day .
the most precious thing in the world is having the opportunity to give your virginity away , instead of having it stolen .
for one thing , there was the birthmark .
nobody could see the suit , but they knew she had it on because it was the thing that made her the star of boring classescracking jokes at the right time , placing tacks in strategic places , imitating gay mr . blocker when he was nt looking .
the only thing you cared about that night was getting what you wanted !
you said the only thing i cared about that night was getting what i wanted .
and i must admit , god forgive me , continued charmaine , that the only thing i regret about that night in greeceis that it made you hate me afterwards .
if the worst thing about chip is his last name , then i m a pretty lucky woman .
she really did love him , and that was the only thing about him that she really did nt like .
the only thing good about english was tess .
the other thing was that she looked perfectly human ; not even spock ears or anything .
it was the first morning that he had seen his breath , and that was the only thing about the physical reality that had struck him this morning .
stress is a funny thing , you know .
that s the thing about aspirias world : its true .
the only thing she needed to work on was being as smart as linda .
but it was necessary , for the last thing she wanted was for her mom to try to interfere with her life .
max and josh had one important thing in common besides having gone to school together since they were four .
but the main thing is that josh would be much happier .
holding desperately onto the only thing she had , a tiny scrap of her dignity , she began to walk away .
this was the only thing he had left that was real .
it was the only thing that made him feel real .
the last thing to put on was his neck guard , a thin band with a tricky clasp .
maybe it was a fox thing , knowing when there were boundaries they really should n't cross and questions they 'd never get answers to .
no matter how many times he and his mother changed their identities and languages , one thing stayed the same : they aimed for nondescript fashion that would blend in with an everyday crowd .
the only thing the foxes had in common besides exy and hardship was their strange obsession with betting on the stupidest things .
the last thing neil wanted to do was hook up with a cheerleader .
it was one thing to admire the dizzyingly high seats , and another thing entirely when those seats were full .
how could he say he had thought they were different from other people that it was love because they made it together , because they felt the same thing ?
it had been the first thing the nurses had commented on when she had been born .
if there was thing she hated more then being a princess it was wearing gowns that required broken bones to get into them .
' one thing i ' ve learned this week is that it 's hard letting go of something when you ' ve had it for so long . '
she was so beautiful and everything thing he wanted in a wife and the more she spurned his advances the more he found her appealing .
' the blood curse is one thing , it can be cured , and the other you have placed on yourself , just as i did , ' ' and are you going to tell me what it is ? '
the only thing that saved them from their exhaustion was the strong smell of rotting sea animals and the volcanic heat that told them they were close .
the only familiar thing about him was the smell of immense power .
perhaps , but the one thing my father taught me himself was to always honor commitments .
` ` for one thing , it is real .
` ` but that 's the funny thing about temptation , ai n't it , josh ?
` ` the best thing about lima beans , '' he said , with a mouthful , ` ` is the dryness .
` ` because there 's a thing called decorum and this is trash .
he yelled after the disappearing brush carriers then began to descend the stairs , encumbered by his belly which rolled and bounced around , the only thing that seemed to hold it in place was a thick leather belt .
` ` well that 's another thing for us to look at lad .
one thing 's puzzlin ' me about what yer saying though , @ he paused and chewed on his lip as he tried to put his thoughts into words .
the only good thing about that is when the bad samaritan finally found him he was probably too drunk off his ass to be scared .
only thing i liked about him was that he worked a lot .
if there was one thing the streets taught me it was patience and peace .
the one good thing about moving was now he had a chance to start over with a whole new set of people , people who knew nothing of what happened .
the only thing worse than being the new kid and showing up in the middle of the school year was being the new kid on the first day of schoolunless you already knew people .
david had blown his chance to start over with a new group of friends for the summer , and the only thing worse than being the new kid in school was being the new kid with the creepy friend .
one thing i ve learned , living away from home : people who are nt actually from the south will believe any damn lie you tell them about it .
the thing is , see , i ve been having these memory lapses .
one other thing i seem to favor , she says , is men who are nt overly intelligent .
not a single damn thing , not after the way that bastard shamed clamor .
the most important thing with a woman , the handsome poet who sits across from me at our table says to harley , is not to seem diffident .
one thing to know about potheads , acid heads and junkies of all kinds is that they tend toward paranoia and are highly susceptible to the power of suggestion .
the most pathetic thing about him , i think , is the paper crown he wears on his head .
one thing i ve learned to do all this time on the road is to wait , be patient , stay alert .
the next thing kane remembers is walking out of son imadak international airport into the ripe makhraj sun .
there was one thing the scoundrels ever agreed on- the superiority of a live show to a studio record .
with her it was a need- a child was the only thing she needed .
if you give a child nothing but love , then love is the only thing a child will ever know .
alma ( singing and strumming the lyre ) : one good thing about music- when it hits you , you feel no pain .
alma ( singing ) : one good thing about music- when it hits you , you feel no pain .
leon : i always used to say , the sexiest thing about hillary clinton is bill .
she was a valuable presence in both of our lives , but she never meant the same thing to me as she did to you .
the thing about essays for scholarships and stuff , they want you to reflect on what you did , what you re doing , who you are , that kind of stuff .
the closest thing i had was singing .
i was brought up to respect my elders and that family was the most important thing .
the whole eyes are the window to your soul thing .
he knew the worst thing about me .
when i feel like i m losing or lost control , its the one thing that i can control .
when everything is spiraling out of my control , the only thing i can control is what goes into my mouth .
the only thing i ever wanted was to be your friend .
while we waited for our food , our conversations drifted to many things from classes and teachers , to music , to the guys basketball games , to movies , to the weirdest thing anyone ever ate .
the nice thing about dancing to fast songs is that you do nt have to have a partner .
and the first thing she was going to lose was that stupid charm of hers .
one thing i admired about him , aside from him always being a great friend to me , was how his face lit up the same way whether he talked about basketball or science .
one great thing about living in southern california , you can have a pool party and christmas party all in one .
oh , of course , there s a little thing called sleep that i d like to get too .
singing on stage was one thing .
the nice thing about being a student is that i get two new years .
not being alone is the first thing on my new years resolution list .
` ` you 're the closest thing to a sister i have , which is why i refuse to let you stay in the brothel your first night on the streets .
the one thing she valued - her virginity - had been stolen from her like everything else .
one thing i can never seem to get my head around is the fact that when i look in the mirror , i am looking at the reverse of how others see me .
the thing that has helped me centre and fortify the most , has been para - tan sound healing , taught to me by shri param eswaran .
a lot of people will probably say : of course i know how to be myself i have lived as myself my entire life , the thing just is that the whole feeling of who a person really is at the level of the self , changes deeply as a result of the twin soul merging .
some will say that if you are strong in your self , this can not happen , but one thing that has to be taken seriously into account when it comes to the twin soul is that love is very seductive .
that yellow stare was the last thing clint saw before the dark unicorn charged .
vincent 's agility and quickness of flight was the only thing which kept her from toppling into the rushing river below .
despite his obvious popularity , he was a bit shy and unassuming as well amelia thought that was the nicest thing about him .
but the thing we do feel is the need to go home .
though neither of them fully understood what was happening to them , one thing they both knew for sure was that anything was possible .
barbie patted my shoulder , saying , i wish i had an art and could try improv - ing , but i figure the feeling i get when i channel spirits is pretty much the same thing .
well , for one , i can just sense that type of thing .
the only thing that keeps me going is the hope that the noise may one day attract a suitable enemy .
` ` the only thing ' fine ' about lust , harry , is her fickle restlessness .
as he entered , the first thing he noticed was the cold .
the only thing that saved him were the stones , for whenever he would turn his head or move an arm or leg , the action would cause one of the stones to tumble into the lake , thus rippling the surface and spoiling the images momentarily , allowing him to free himself .
i mean , translation is one thing but structure is something else again .
if one ` ` good '' thing did come from my work on obsession , it was being able to pretend to live with my guilt over jacobs death .
she has lost so much in her life due to the drink and her mind seems to be the last thing to go .
my father 's talks for one thing , which can have done nothing but influence my vocabulary and possibly my tone .
hope to see you some time in the future chris ; stay with the preaching , it 's the one thing that makes you who you are .
that s the thing with secret agents .
oh , i m not worried , sister osborne replied as if worry were the last thing that ever occupied her thoughts .
for one thing , the physical milieu here is not all that uncongenial .
for one thing , it is a play , and people can pretend to be anything they want on stage .
i hoped it would nt slip out , as i was pretty sure her grip was the only thing keeping me from crashing to the floor in a mangled , pathetic , but dapperly dressed heap .
the only thing more gratifying was that we were finally done with our time in the spotlight .
the last thing i could see was my grandpas stony face .
for one thing , i was confident he would nt have any guests on christmas eve .
donors slowly became a thing of the past as new organs were created or grown from a patients own cells and enhanced to be more effective than the original .
the only thing skipping was my heart .
for one thing , evelyn-1 was seven when we met .
for one thing , his car engine was still warm .
but no matter whom my guitar god of the moment happened to be , the one thing that never changed was the nagging desire to play the instrument itself .
` ` for one thing , i did n't read the entire letter for almost a week .
the last thing i needed on that sticky day was a scorching coffee , but it seemed awkward to just blurt out my question , like some pesky journalist .
i was familiar enough with the corporate world and its reluctant , conservative tendenciesone thing that drove me away to grad school , looking for a clean break and a fresh startto realize that a big difficult book , ` ` inaccessible '' in corporate - speak for challenging but unmarketable art , would have a hard time working its way through the bureaucracy , the endless layers of management , before getting the final seal of approval .
` ` to sell a lot of copies , for one thing . ''
` ` well , they lived about seventy five years apart , for one thing .
but the one thing that stuck with me was the expressionistsdie brcke , the bridge school , and die blaue reiter , the blue riders .
` ` tillsburg 's cost of living , for one thing , '' he replied , his stating of the obvious clearly meant to evade the question .
it was the only thing that made me feel as if i were not scooping up hot dung with my own well - trained hands and flinging it out the window onto the passersby below .
painted in the picture of that scenery , passing outside the windows of an old indian village bus the thing is , when you are in motion , away from the grips of the world , travelling if one may call it , there is that peace of escape afforded to the traveller which can not be found when made to stand in the midst of what constitutes our universe of cares and duties .
brandishing swords stained with the blood of their victims , snorting like wild beasts hungry for their prey they meant but one thing to her ...
the most important thing to remember when writing a new story is to not let the development of your character hold up your creative process .
the one thing that prevented constance from melting into staid was the remembrance that he was fresh off of a ship and might not entirely have his legs under him .
the last thing constance saw before she and staid left the room was her father engulfing her mother in an intimate embrace that sent the womans shawl slipping off of her shoulders and down to the floor behind her .
the injury is one thing , the injustice something quite else , he murmured .
so to make everyone happy , even make him happy so to speak , to keep the peace he requires one thing : your complete , steadfast , unwavering loyalty .
for one thing , the sun shows barely noon and i had one drink .
beorns eyes explored the beauty of the land , and now he gave it the last thing he had .
his upper lip did that thing , where it pressed to his teeth and slid slowly up and down when he spoke .
he drank milk every morning first thing .
for one thing , he was so show - biz .
one thing about eddy , even though he was rich , he was nt a snob .
the thing about lake tahoe was that it was so gut - wrenchingly vivid , sometimes it frightened me .
according to this book , the main thing is you just have to know when to quit .
riding gently along in a buggy was one thing she loved about the plain lifestyle .
being considerate of others in the car was one thing that joanna had taught him .
but she took solace in one thing : nobody knew about it .
the only thing she exemplified was how to make a complete disaster of ones life .
it is the only thing that gives me peace , even when i ve messed things up so badly that i do nt know what my next step will be .
the most important thing is that the book of life should be an open book , one that is subject to continual change reflecting the changing environment that the individual experiences .
her superior abilities were the one thing that both her parents agreed on .
another thing to like about occupy oakland , he thought .
that was another thing pretty much lacking in blossom valley in general and in karen in particular .
maybe the worst thing , karen now thought , was the degree to which she lazily accepted her everyday lack of direction , place , and focus .
the closest thing since was the sense of solidarity from the beginning of occupy .
but the main thing was that there was no clear direct link between the hyperpeep and the cardiovascular collapse .
the only thing that s gon na be smoking , is my arse after the caning tomorrow , handwringer looked across inanely before returning to the vista immediately becoming overwhelmed by the looming lake taupo .
the one thing she did notice was that the photograph seemed to be not a full color photograph but an old black and white picture that was colorized ; a maneuver they performed back in the early days of photography before color prints were produced to make an image appear to be in color .
the good thing about the rain , he mused , was the smell it left behind .
the last thing she needed tonight was to think about john .
in his reading about american indian tribes , claude found it fascinating that the vast number of traditional tribal names , when translated , meant the same thing : the people and then words that described their land ; thus dzil ligia sian ndeepeople of the white mountains .
my fingers made streaks in the water as the only thing i wanted was to touch her beautiful face , but she faded slowly ; i was left alone .
the only thing she desired more than anything was to watch an old video tape of her parents holding her a few days after her birth .
i mean , for one thing , it d be breaking up a family .
maybe he needed to lay off the beer , but it was the only thing that helped .
but one thing he d learned from those years of service is that sometimes a man had to improvise .
but one thing i know is that were starting over together .
in fact the only thing that had changed about miranda was that her black hair had a white streak running down the middle of her scalp .
the hardest thing to change in a runner was that instinct to lead the pack no matter how much the oncoming breeze took out of the runneror the goose , for that matter .
for years her foot had been dogging her and she had almost given up running in frustration , but running was the only thing that kept her from falling off the wagon .
but that s not the only thing that matters .
just one thing that bugs me , phoebe drawled , and she waited for anne to look up .
one thing i learned long ago was to handle a firearm .
it was the last thing on my mind , a wednesday night at 10:30pm .
last thing we need is to have barry worrying about us .
jon looked down at his shoes , discovering the same thing as barry .
this is another thing he learned while working with his father in his shipbuilding business .
strange though , he never thought beauty was the best thing about her .
there however was another strange thing about him .
the crucial thing to understand is that an individual can show what goodness is but it is effected only when there is a favorable environment which ushers in people to accept and practice the goodness .
one thing which defines all of us across the globe is confusion , ashish said making a face as serious as he could .
the important thing is that compassion alone should be the most predominant and deciding influence over every single initiative and action that humanity as a whole should consider worthwhile and that is why it is a wish .
when you will become editor one day , you too will understand quality and good work are important but the first thing you need is to survive .
for one thing , claude did nt look much like his father .
claudes eyes were about the last thing people noticed about him .
the first thing they noticed , back then , was usually a large , festering pimple on his face or neck .
now that spawning season had passed , eating was the only thing left .
what s your favorite thing about the center ?
maybe not a single thing .
for one thing , claude disliked the story he d have to tell the officer after rousting him from bed .
you ve said all along that he is nt the only thing in life , and you re right .
besides , i do like mrs simmons , and that s the main thing .
the last thing i wanted was another boring afternoon listening to mrs oreilly and mum talk about who s sick and who s faking it .
it was the first thing i thought of when i woke up this morning , too .
grandma has this thing about not throwing away left overs while children are starving in africa , so she gives it all to us .
* * * apart from the blaring music that ached her ears as she entered the house , the first thing that caught maggies attention was peters clothes strewn all over the floor .
if there was one thing he had learned from living with her as long as he had , it was that his best chance of success came from granting her the breathing space she asked for .
jane was the last thing maggie wanted to be thinking about , so she put the magazine down .
the last thing he needed to hear about was the low restriction dual exhaust system with reverse flow resonators and twin tail pipes with chrome plated outlets .
the first thing that hit him was the smell .
they had both shared only one thing in common , and that was a dream of freedom .
the one thing he knew for certain about milada was they never had secrets from one another .
the last thing he recognized before blacking out was the bouquet of roses , crushed and trampled , stray petals like blood splattered across the shiny floor .
after listening to other peoples problems for eight solid hours the last thing he wanted was this .
the thing is i m facing expulsion for fighting .
the thing i m wondering is whether i d have come to see you on the strength of your demo alone .
the city the closest thing to a god a crumbling affection a desperate paternity a creation a space teeming and eradicated paved over dug up built up dissolving like broken molecules under the microscope of time .
she is having trouble reconciling the art with the man those books those early books which seemed so strident once so masterful so all - encompassing they have begun to lose their luster have slipped in her estimation that is the remarkable thing about books she thinks when she is back at last in her room at the glaser house they are so singular purely the product of a single mind and you have to take the good with the bad do n't you there are no perfect people we ' ve all our flaws .
i could hear water dripping in the bathroom i knew this to be the faucet with the worn - out rubber seal i kept reminding myself to replace which was when it occurred to me that if there is one thing that i dislike in people , it is inconsistency -- when they head in one direction in their aspirations but then retreat to set habits out of sheer laziness .
she would rather stay up all night then cuddle up on a set of seats with her rucksack , so a drink was the only thing on her agenda .
you know the best thing to have , the best thing to have in the desert is a mirror .
by the time he finished the images in his mind were fuzzy , his description was no more than a confused list of words : couch , puce , alive , knives and so on with old mans smile as the last thing on the list .
she just wanted to come down here and pet the horses for chrissakes ( she learned to swear from the father , that was one kind of funny thing about him ) .
its the only thing that makes my cough stop .
there are good transit connections to the university for one thing and the area 's nice .
for one thing it was n't a madonna and baby jesus , or anything else equally commonplace .
marthas nettled good humor was one thing ; it merely irked .
where did all that money come from , for one thing , and where is it going ?
then george decided he d have to be haberdasher to the stars for the rest of the evening because the thing that he hated most about what he had become was what he had become : a half hearted high school teacher .
the only thing missing was youth .
the most interesting thing about a mans sexual imagination is that its not the sex , stupid ; its about wanting to have someone wanting the sex .
unconsciously , what they felt was the worst thing about middle - age , the fact that no one any longer was really interested in knowing who you are .
sex used to be the one thing she and ian could count on .
laura was shocked that the only thing he reacted to in her long movie of the week trailer was the car .
you know the worst thing of all , the thing that really sucks is that the future is either absolutely unpredictable or is going to be absolutely and crushingly the same .
it would be the first thing he checked when they got home .
this was the last thing laura expected to encounter .
the one thing that everyone on the farm was used to seeing was strange faces .
the thing that surprised laura the most about the conversation was that no one cut in , or interrupted or tried to dominate the conversation in any way .
a phone to a teenager was an irresistible thing as long as there was another teenager waiting for a connection at the other end of the line .
the thing i ca nt explain is why it felt so good .
she confessed to him that she felt just as weak as everyone that she seemed to know , but the one thing that was different about her was that when he said that she could become a better person , she knew in her heart that it was true .
the most amazing thing is that as his body has weakened and faded , his eyes seemed to get more vibrant and alive .
men have a hero thing most women do nt .
the one thing an actor knows in life is a real response .
the one thing i know about you , when were together , is that your responses are real .
the one thing an actor knows is a great performer .
the first great question of love was answered in absolutely unambiguous terms when the first thing that appeared on amandas computer screen in his reply were the words , i think i m falling in love with you .
the one strange thing about her reaction to amanda telling about toms mother was that it somehow seemed to soothe any shame she had felt about what she had done .
the best thing was the unimaginable sweetness of sitting at a dinner table with his family at peace with one another , so many breaking waves of pain having lifted them to a calm , gentle shore .
the worst thing about the week was the excruciatingly difficult task all women face during holidays , what to buy for their men .
the thing ian hated most in life was being the cause of anyones disappointment .
my favorite thing about my dad was not the things that came from working hard .
that s the funny thing , the older he got the more intense he became .
it was then , in a flash , that laura realized the one thing that was common to all the stories was that each character was almost completely helpless .
the last three words caught in her throat , but the last thing she wanted to do again was cry so she forced a smile onto her face and she left him there to greet the next member of his family .
he was taking his family away from where they needed to be to heal from what they had suffered and realizing that , he realized that it was the one thing about leaving that neither laura nor amanda probably consciously understood .
the strange thing about their simple familiarity with one another was that they behaved like they were an old married couple when , in fact , they were anything but that .
i do nt know why , but the thing that really scares me is how much i love him and way , way worse is what do i do with his feelings for me .
the one thing tom does nt know is how young you both are .
the temperature was just above freezing , and so the skis bit into the softening snow easily , and there was barely a breath of wind , and the sun shone round and lemon yellow in the cerulean sky , and the only thing breaking the silence was the sound of their skis and a blue jay screaming like an iron hinge in a dead tree .
nothing about the buttonhook was fair or predictable ; the only thing level about the playing field was the ice .
it was eugenes generosity that seemed to be the thing that connected him to people , the same generosity that had put a precious box of letters into her hands , to ignore or to make into a new life .
the only good thing about heartache is when it ends .
towns smelled different than countrysides , and the thing that she really noticed was how difficult it was to describe the steel and cement and car exhaust aroma that she noticed for the very first time in her life .
money is an important thing in life .
the best thing , the thing that made getting straight something i wanted to do , was having my apartment just the way i wanted it .
the thing that made it surreal was that no one could ask or answer any real questions about what happened or where they had been and what they had experienced .
then amanda handed out the words to her parents and the three of them , follicaley challenged in such different ways , rocked into the theme song , and it was ironically funny that the one thing none of them had was long beautiful hair .
it was funny that all the experiences she had with eugene , the one constant thing that she carried with him was his eyes .
the only thing that is nt white about him is the color of his skin .
the thing that really makes me mad is that if all he sees is the color of a persons skin ; then he s going to start liking megans and not mine .
the really neat thing about cowbirds and warblers is that warbler parents ca nt see they re raising cowbird chicks .
both megan and the ann marie were surprised that the hardest thing about adapting to the little cabin was learning to live without music .
the other thing that caused the biggest change in their relationship was sleeping together on separate mattresses in the cabin loft .
laura had always wanted to be amandas friend , but she did nt really ever have the time , and time was the one thing a friend was never denied .
and you know the weirdest thing of all , watching them wrestle used to make me wish he d someday wrestle me down and make love to me until i screamed .
the other thing that rosie and i have never been able to reconcile about the farm was how much people had to give up to be a part of it .
the other thing they said they needed desperately were psychologists who could help the latest traumatized victims of europes old recurring nightmare .
and she could nt believe the irony of the fact that the thing she resented most was that they did nt work .
the only thing that shocked her was how easy it was and that the policy of placing refugees in the community had been completely reversed .
the only good thing about it was all the time she got to spend with megan .
when eugene was finally formally dressed , it was the polished shoes on his feet that tom had watched his mother slip in place that seemed to him was the strangest thing about what they had just done .
and the most beautiful thing about laura is that she never misses a thing .
the last thing he described was his own love for her , how it completed his being , how it made his own best feelings matter .
the last thing they talked about was the cell phone .
it was his passion and enthusiasm for life that was the one thing about him that his children all came to again and again .
the only thing common to everyone mourning was the vertigo they felt at the abyss of his absence .
one of my favorite things about mr . van fleet was reading the stories about his life in the box on the family tree .
it was strange but they were nt worried , because the one thing certain on the farm was that everyone made sure everyone was safe .
the strange thing was that as she read , she could almost hear eugenes voice , the cadence of the rhythm and the distant echo of his fathers dutch accent .
for amanda and tom the commitment to each other they felt so absolutely , changed only one thing between them , their sexuality .
she wanted to keep the special moments of her life for herself and for tom and her children , and for the first time in her life , she even imagined she would have grandchildren one day , the first thing she wrote in her journal was her mothers reaction to her ring .
the thing that made eugenes mothers funeral different than that of the countless others that went through the little church , was the funeral procession of cars that went back to the family cemetery .
the one thing she knew about depression from raising her many troubled children , was that underneath the pain was the unspoken belief that somehow , most people felt they did nt deserve what had happened .
the one thing we do know pretty well is our respective tastes .
the one thing i know is that some things are pretty resistant , sometimes things happen and new feelings are born just as intense as a first kiss .
the first thing an artist understands is the transformation of the mundane into the meaningful .
the one thing it had nt changed was the underlying fear that had always been with her , that her life had no real meaning ; that it was all just a theatrical improvisation as george marshall had so forcefully made her realize .
then i had an instance of a reoccurring thought ; there is one thing i ve never had opportunity to add to my list of dislikes about emily and that s lying .
the mind is a funny thing , sometimes i am startled to find that it is empty .
the last thing you want is to be caught without your tin hat firmly strapped onto your skull when it is literally raining bullets or shells .
these contributors all had the same thing in common : they began working at our company and were sucked in by the promise of an easy road to success ; they got ripped off and went broke ; they realized all too late that it was a con .
the thing about working in a chemist is that there s nowhere for people to hide .
you have nt got tough enough skin to survive and if you have nt got that then its an agony going into it so in a way i m glad that you decided to give it up when you did and the thing with ballet is that it stays with you all your life and i think that s what has led you into fitness and what you re doing now .
it is a strange thing , because you imagine a deep , consuming sadness being your only associate during this time .
the one thing jay knew was that he did nt want to grow up to be like his dad .
the amazing thing was that through all of his growing years he was able to keep all of his friends away from his house .
the one good thing she could sense was that jay would never follow in his fathers footsteps ; he d never be that person who had to be in charge , who stepped on everyone in his path to the top .
he felt so bad for both his mom and michele because the last thing he wanted was them to be burdened with the disappearance through police interrogation sessions .
the last thing i want to see is his face around here again and i hope you feel that way too .
* * * the mere sight of this dreadful entity should have been first thing that struck bunnu , as his ship approached the port of yami .
remember how at school , the only thing i was any good at was sport ? he reached into his pocket and handed peter a business card which read : tony goodman , players agent.licensed by the football association of england .
his personal beliefs were another thing that raised eyebrows .
people passed by going to the kaf but food was the last thing on my mind .
one other thing did bother me , i had nt had a hard on since elyssa .
but that was the thing about the future .
we still wore our jeans , which was the only thing stopping us from making love .
swamped by a mass of sensation and information , the only thing that kept them from going insane was the straightjacket of language and acceptable behaviour .
was it an amish thing , or a busser thing , that she did nt make eye contact with the customers ?
was there such a thing as a friendly glower ?
the one thing he wanted , more than anything in the world , was the exotic creature who lay in his arms , so perfectly soft , so unpredictable , so sexy .
destiny was a mysterious thing .
for one thing , he was sober .
that 's the wonderful thing about this place . ''
brian folz says is that the same thing as having the right ?
the only thing that really exists is you , sitting there .
they were proper obsessions too , no passing fancy , more like teenage love , head over heels , first thing he thought about it the morning and last thing before bed at night .
my sister went into hospital this morning and i just feel like elvas the only thing i can rely on .
its a window to our soul and a soul is the only thing you need if you wish to fly .
i m going to the doctors first thing and ill be back at lunch .
chad laughed and said , there s one thing we have in common .
chad agreed : another thing they had in common , something they both loved to complain about .
the only thing he needed and wanted was his mothers blessing .
one thing each group had in common was the color of their skin , blankes alleenlik ; whites only .
she s the only thing that matters to him .
its the only thing that matters .
but one thing i do know is that she is angry with herself for for what she did .
i m sorry , sarah , but there are things i just do nt get about this place .
and i realize now that another crazy , weird thing about her was that squaw dress .
but the thing about him that fascinated me most was that he had several scars on his arms that they seemed to be stitched together like some grandmas crazy quilt and yet it was nt repulsive , but only showing that he was a real cowboy , someone who had worked hard on a ranch or as a rodeo star .
from georges vantage point , the strangest thing about the confrontation was how he maintained himself totally in the here - and - now .
he gets out and stands by the truck , doing that little stretch , wince , stretch thing he does with his leg .
and loving baseball , his whole zen of the game thing , which i still do nt totally get and did nt then at all .
something easy and neutral we could talk about , something where i felt like even if he had nt cared much to stick around and see me grow up , a thing he respected about me .
last thing we need is to get squished by a double rig truck this far along .
they are , his mother too , that s the first thing i noticed when i met the family , nina exclaims .
especially since the thing keeping me herekeeping me from running to safetyis the hurt on his face .
the thing about being overweight , for me at least , is that i ve spent most of my life strategically planning how i m going to lose weight and change my body .
you know the worst thing about our night in the steam room ?
the only thing that set them apart from being living quarters were the whimsical wooden signs that served as enticing sirens meant to draw in customers with their charm .
pain was nt an easy thing to come by in this world , and yet i welcomed the way it made me feel somewhat human in those brief twinges .
the only thing setting it apart from that of a wedding dress was the baby blue sash she now had tied around the waist of the white gown .
her saddened eyes were the last thing i saw before i was cast into darkness .
my nose and cheeks held a hint of freckles that were invisible to me as i looked past them in the mirror , but they were the first thing most people saw when they looked in my direction .
he took my hand in his and kissed it , his kind and smiling eyes the last thing i saw of him before he disappeared altogether .
step by step she maneuvered through the crowded room , taking in every single thing that had ever been mine .
that was just the thing we needed , more cake to add to our flabby midsections .
his hand was the only thing anchoring me down .
he has this thing about apples .
chapter 15 the last of the local passengers had left the bus as they drove into the harbour area where the first thing that struck everybody was an absence of activity .
enlightenment was one thing but cynicism was something undesirable .
one thing about this bedding is you re not tempted to lie in .
chapter 82 the first thing jim noticed as they drove on to the beach front road was the absence of the ticket booth where snorkellers bought their passes .
she s had a difficult day and the last thing he wants is to lecture her .
so to be equal with that i m not going to worry about it then you pull back and think about what s been said on the wall that stands in our town where deep underground the dead bury the dead until the day were no longer around so if you know to know and so love or if you love enough on your way there s only one person to thank and how but nobody left here to pay let us pray for the dawn of that day you are that monarch and you are that moth i was hardly alive as a man of the cloth they paid me in dollars i paid them in souls though i was the one for whom the bell tolls but i did nt know and so hated crawling down an evil mans way there was only one person to curse and i praised him i m not thanking that devil today come darkness and take him away tag : tiger of god , rise to your prey mississippi homesick blues came all the way up here from mississippi mississippi my love has nt left my mind you know its hard finding a job in the city these days trouble is the only thing i find sweating through these songs at the clubs yes i m sweating blood and the big city blues lord , if i do nt find a girl soon in this city i tell you i do nt know what i m going to do because i ve got nothing to my name but my name and i ve got holes on both my walking shoes and i m lonelier than any man has ever been singing the lowdown mississippi homesick blues maybe come tomorrow my luck will turn money will fall from the sky with my love but i tell you today i m not holding my breath because i ve never had anything but bad luck so johnny on the drums - keep the beat bright billy on the bass you do the same sister , sing with me like we are one in kind help me remember why it is i came because i ve got nothing to my name but my dirty old name and i ve got holes on both my blue suede dancing shoes and i m lonelier than any man has any business being just singing the lowdown mississippi homesick blues singing the lowdown mississippi homesick blues o there ai nt no cure , so i keep it pure there ai nt no cure , i m pretty sure for these lowdown mississippi homesick blues the only news is heart breaking news the lowdown mississippi homesick blues its got ta be a sin ( until love without end ) hey baby doll i do n't think we will fall but i ' ve been wrong before about hate and love and war just hanging by a thread remembering what you said about this being the end still i ' m sleeping in your bed now i ' m not a religious man i help people if i can but then you cut me once again baby , it 's got ta be a sin when i give you all i got granted , it 's not a lot only to hear you say ` ` but i have bills to pay '' and it 's taxing my very soul to hear you tell me what i owe and how you still love him while you 're sleeping in my bed now i ' m not the most moral man true , i take it where i can because you 're lying to me again baby , it 's got ta be a sin so this time do n't look back i have a lover in the sack who means it when she says love is not a game or bet or something you have to win just fall into my arms she 's not worthy of you man let her go and let this be a love free from sin so i let you go and let this be a love that knows no end amen born to be born baby , i wanted you but you were so far away and bound by your world of bows and ribbons by the wise with their golden crowns but baby i m not wearing any crown not of laurel nor of thorns i m just standing here with the ones who sometimes wish they were never born so laugh at us and curse us call us the outcasts , the sick , or poor but that is not the last word honey i could say much more but if i must endure my own reproach then bring on your so - called sacred scorn as i stand here with the ones who sometimes wonder why they were born for looking out in disrepute the sullen gray smoke of dawn i mean the way the voices of angels refuse to rise with our rebel song and so desperate we could say christ when will it be our turn ?
for one thing , i do nt curse while playing video games .
johnnybee the thing about being a psychic is you ca nt play the lotto because you will win .
well , for one thing were not electrolux salesmen , the guy in blue deadpanned .
you have to finish school for one thing .
truth was that with everything that was going on , the emergency caesarean , the premature births , the last thing he wanted for himself and the situation had been additional irritation .
for one thing , according to lovison , he had never been sent to the basement , and therefore , should have never been exposed to information concerning fathers disciples .
amid twenty snowy mountains the only moving thing is the eye of the blackbird .
the last thing shed seen of home was evan standing in the front doorway with the big white bandage on his forehead and a puzzled look on his face .
` ` one thing about not carrying any baggage is , it 's real easy to check out of a motel , '' margaret said .
i was nt their dad , i never would be , and maybe that was the only thing that mattered to them .
that s another sweetly quirky thing about emma and her family .
the last thing we needed was for the kids to hate both of us .
the last thing we needed was to give the kids another reason to reject us .
the only thing that sucked was my toast .
the only thing that separated me from them is that i never let things get out of control .
she was nt very strong in her faith , but one thing she did believe in was the sanctity of life and that was never an option .
was the last thing she saw the moon over head or the face of her killer ?
being outside was not all a bad thing for him ; he enjoyed the company of trees and all the freely moving things that he knew were nt unlike him .
the attention of god was one thing ; the attention of all the world another .
for one thing , he knew angels are real .
it 's exactly the same thing ! ''
but there 's always one thing about them that 's the same .
anyway , he said to keep writing in here but that i could take my time , since he said the most important thing is to simply write every day .
but i could see that the thing that had cheered them most was the insane kazoos .
for one thing , i am about to have a feast in a fancy beach restaurant with a gorgeous view .
for one thing , i have not had any fried eggrolls since i got here , only fried spring rolls .
for one thing , she could hardly deal with her own demons , and zoes problems took an additional toll .
the only thing that bugged him was the realization that they were being subject to a cheap replica of the i - banking culture at wall street .
all the lame jokes and quips about his being the best banker were seemingly the last thing on his mind .
and the last thing i need is a bunch of rookies running my business .
one thing that keshav wanted was to repay the overwhelming nurturing that don raju expended on him .
grandcourt looked at his watch , and said , in an apparently indifferent drawl , there is one thing i had to mention , lydia .
the one thing he longed for was to get to the river , which he could do but seldom and with difficulty .
for one thing , it is a constant wonder to me that , with all his fiery feeling for his race and their traditions , he is no strait - laced jew , spitting after the word christian .
this easy back - and - forth of small payments was another thing i had to get used to , i thought as i sat down .
yeah , that s the thing , evelyn said .
the last thing i needed was for the rest of my officemates to start making assumptions .
based on that , well develop a treatment plan to combat this thing .
the first thing i felt was resignation .
he d held it close from the beginning , hoarded it as his most precious possession , the one thing no one could ever take from him or even share .
the thing that was different that morning was that sister trudy , the youngest sister and the only one to befriend me during my stay , came into my room after the other sisters had left with brie and sat in the wooden chair beside my bed and watched me in silence .
for one thing , she was a female with emotions , sexuality , and involvements mainly focused on females .
april 1 one thing you get used to in a hurry is the constant whir and roar of helicopter rotors .
the one thing she did nt see him as was father .
for one thing , devon had not had any breakfast .
funny thing is , it was like we d known each other forever .
she did have one thing in common with my mother .
her splendor was a thing not easily matched or replicated by myself or any other any attempts succeeding only in making me feel worse than i did to begin with .
the hope of being able to purchase additional food was one thing at least to be grateful for .
as the minutes stretched by like hours , the only thing i could think to be grateful for was my inability to see outside to look and see who might be watching the spectacle our house had surely become .
in opening my eyes , the first thing they were met with was my mothers gaze .
in my brief absence i saw shed managed to select a skirt for her lower half her loose hanging hair the only thing concealing her chest as she squatted before her paints and perfumes one eye closed as she struggled to trace it with charcoal .
my head was the only thing to move as i stood fixated on her tilting slightly so as to alter my view of her .
another good thing about playing the drums was that you could sit there and just people - watch .
chapter fourteen the first thing that theo noticed about wells was that he was not wearing his trademark vest underneath a colourful checked shirt .
the second thing to go through his mind , once he had taken in wells ' appearance , was the state ( and smell ) of his room .
the only thing theo could remember about her was that she had red hair .
the one thing he lacked was a decent pair of trousers , so another saturday trip to the markets in bath was necessary .
the only thing that was worrying him was the dead white sky .
he still had plenty of length on top , and that was the main thing , surely .
part one : chapter 1 the first thing you ll notice are the leaves on the trees .
the only thing james could not figure out was the black eye .
he spun it around and turned his face to the side , tilting the spoon so the black eye was the most prominent thing reflected .
the old man smiled and his ears perked up under his white hair , the thing about inventions is you do nt really have to name them , its silly , really , to catalogue them in that way- numbers and codes work much more efficiently .
like now , when i m looking at you- he smiled , the brain is an amazing thing , our brains flips everything back around for us , and that s what we perceive .
the one thing james did nt get close to right in the picture was his fathers eyes .
this machine , if i perfect it , will keep fruit fresh for months at a time- james nodded and stepped forward , you see , if i can get the electrical current slight enough , it mocks the fruits cycle on the plant where they do not ripen any further , heckerman looked down at a pile of brown mush in the corner , the thing is , if there is too much electrical current , they seem to cook and rot immediately .
james looked at his backpack , the same thing james dad was looking at .
oh , he looked down at his cup , so- what is the most striking thing about that museum , there ?
chapter 10 the sound of james feet pounding on the pavement was the only thing louder than the sound of his heart hitting the walls of his chest .
he chuckled and closed the magazine , sliding it to the side , that s the great thing about this job , all the magazines i can read , and all the time to read it in , james nodded , you know , i could tell you the events in just about any celebritys life , oh you read those gossip rags ?
if there was one thing naz loved , it was inspiring fear in others .
the weird thing is , father redmond always seemed to hate attention .
that was the thing that killed me at first : the gossip .
one thing i can say about him , is that he seemed to really hate his father .
its because of one thing .
one thing about such a life , elroy was as contemptuous as plato about mere temporality , as scornfully indifferent to his physical surroundings as the buddha .
now the amazing thing about a name , particularly when you can hang a face and a few experiences on it , is that it individualizes and personalizes .
in a world of uncertainty and flux , one thing alone could be depended on , and that was that never could it be said that l. dudley fitzgibbon was not always unerringly gracious and excruciatingly correct .
it was n't her appearance she wore a silk blouse and her necklace of genuine pearls marked her as a lady of distinction but for one thing , her head was not in a position of repose ; rather it appeared to be slumped over the steering wheel .
yes , said the starling , already feeling better , i see that birds of a feather come in all sizes , shapes and colors , and the only thing that really distinguishes them is the size of their beaks .
one thing nicolas knew he could do was put up a brave front in the face of this big playing meltdown .
next thing nicolas heard his mind say was that he should appreciate all things .
next thing nicolas knew was that this teacher , this humble guide and good friend to him here would not be coming back .
the first thing she saw when she entered grant park was an old man with a little boy on his shoulders facing a crowd of onlookers .
its the only thing that keeps me calm !
he said the best thing about him was that he was a really good friend .
but was that the worst thing about it ?
the last thing she wanted was to encourage a chummy rapport with this rather bizarre , overly talkative woman .
for one thing , two gifts would take up twice as much space to store .
the thing about living in new york city is that a good day is when things do nt go as badly as they could have .
the thing about living in new york city is that a good day is when things are as great as they could possibly ever be .
` ` no , you re right about the survivor thing , but robin 's got me outclassed .
the only thing he d get from girls would be pity .
when they revived him from the first - round knock - out ( the only such disgrace so far in his brief career ) , the thing that came to mind was not that he was out - boxed .
he often jokes that the only thing greek about him is his five - syllable name , eumorfopoulos .
what had once been an endearing trait in a young boy , however , now took on a disturbing aspect ; the permanent state of amusement was an unsettling thing for it seemed , even to the parents who loved him , that not only was he capable of smiling in the face of adversity but also in the presence of suffering ; indeed , his parents feared that their son found a positive delight in the misfortunes of others .
this was no handicap , though , for the one thing he did have was guile , and this was even more useful than any paper qualifications , as he was about to prove .
the nice thing about the work , though , was that it was done because people wanted to , there was no working towards an examination or a qualification or simply going through the routine , as if programmed , because it had been ordered .
tradition had been a strange thing , then , to be flaunted on the one hand by saying that so - and - so , currently exhibiting at some established gallery , was a fuddy - duddy old fart , and defended on the other hand by saying that such - and - such a building , about to be demolished in the name of progress , was an object of merit and a part of our heritage .
you know the only thing that makes you seem old ?
inadequacy was the one thing which characterized each dream , the sensation that she was no longer in command of her own fate .
they were n't the wealthiest of people , but love was the one thing they had in abundance and they lavished it upon their daughter .
the only thing she had then was her work , and the people there who needed her .
perhaps this was what they had in common ; it was surely the only thing .
she appreciated the comfort , he was sure , and the affluence suited her , it was what she deserved ; she was , after all , his last link with college , the only thing he had managed to salvage from those days .
he was n't sure , but he did know one thing , and that was that life had not been quite so predictable .
we integrated our baseball team and the amazing thing to me was , no one objected .
i noticed my indiana mother said wash as though it were written worsh , and that was another thing about her speech that often made me cringe .
i hereby confess that the silly little phrase is all that remains of the abandoned opening of a novel about a disillusioned and delusional young man , the heir to a fruit processing plant in tucson , with a plot as disjointed and scattered as the spine of a long - dead rattlesnake , and i am still not certain if i envisioned the red - haired horse - faced young man who was doing the couching at his couch atop a guava crate and then couched against another guava crate one or if he was just on concrete and more importantly i did not know all of the other things that he felt , the meals and meetings of his life , after this uncomfortable couch in the warehouse , and better yet the way he might have leapt off the pages of the rest of this abandoned wreck of a novel that i never worked out , even in my mind , although i revisited it several times with the same sense of viewing a useless artifact .
i did nt believe he believed me , that was the crazy thing about it .
there is no such thing as playing it safe .
chapter 3 the one thing lil did nt especially like abut cilla was her pattern of drinking : a glass of wine when depressed , one when something smack - in - the - face good happened , maybe two or three when ` ` just bored out of my mind , '' and whenever elsejust about any time for any reason .
but he had this thing about ` ` getting it five times my first night ! ''
` ` look , they were always right about only one thing , '' and her finger pops up , not the screw - you finger , but her slightly wobbling pinky , ` ` one thing all space and time does change . ''
he was nt looking at a mirror copy of yaeko mitsaki , he realized ; he was looking at her complement , at the one individuala person he once thought could never existthat could square the circle in the person yaeko mitsaki without taking a single thing away from her own uniqueness .
perhaps the most interesting thing about mr . seth mueller , for the purposes of our little meeting here today , is that he has been dubbed , as i mentioned a second ago , a wonderful human interest story by channel 38 here in san diego .
but it became , truly , only one thing : for her daughters hand and the music had merged into one , into a seamless , perfect whole , a living entity unto itself , a song that affirmed , absolutely and finally , that such had always been so ; an answer that filled her every sense with an almost unbearable joy , just as it did nearly fourteen years ago .
what i mean to say is the thing about a heart is it has two equal halves .
perhaps she had been humming it before the pain - gap , and that was the first thing her mind used to reconnect with reality .
go on , margarita , take a look around the first thing maggie noticed was the first thing she had to notice .
conor must have felt the same thing as well , for he gave a huge whuff !
funny that only one dreamcatcher feels such a thing , answered the king .
well , margarita , they can call it whatever they want except love , because love is the last thing that it is .
~~*~~ in times of terror , the only thing that travels faster than fear is hope .
the third thing was its eyes .
the room was cocooned in silence ; the only thing she could hear was her breathing , which was slow and regular .
you can call me maggie , she corrected him ( wishing shed brewed decaf , and thinking that sugar was the very last thing this man needed ) , and knew instantly shed made another mistake .
when i think of it , i suppose the thing i felt most was ... space .
~~*~~ the first thing melody noticed upon boarding the serig was the deceptively smooth and fluid order among the saeire insu .
the last thing he wanted was to be with his father .
the important thing for you to remember is that history , viewed from the kremlin gives an early start to the cold war ; stalin , in particular , wanted to retrieve territories that no russian czar would ever have voluntarily given up ; territories that were taken from russia whilst a great question mark hung over the future of the revolution .
the only positive thing about the room was that it had its own door leading outside .
other than kaseys sandwich , the fries were the only thing he d ordered .
the crappiest thing about it was that i should ve known better .
one thing i had to admitmy uncle did nt lack a sense of humor .
* * * the cool thing about race was that he did nt act like a parentmore like a brother , or an older friend .
kaseys grip on the back of my jacket was the only thing that kept me from diving through the passenger window to rip addamsens head off .
kaseys grip was the only thing keeping me upright .
the one thing about her that had always stood out in my mind was how perfectly put - together she seemed .
safety is the last thing most drivers worry about .
i felt weak , like the only thing that had been holding me together was my fear .
my heart thumped hard , doing that weird fluttery thing where it feels like its tripping over itself .
one thing i d noticed since the wreck was how much more emotional he was , flipping from one extreme to another .
she was overly proper and domineering , but the one thing i had to appreciate about her was how shed come to respect kasey .
reading was the only thing that seemed to help .
working on the cars been the only thing keeping him going , but now he thinks that even if he gets back out on the track , he s not gon na be able to drive like he used to .
that s another thing i like about himhes eager to learn .
as big red growled to a stop beside us , it looked like the only thing keeping race from sliding to the floorboards was the safety harness .
when dad kicked me out last may after i got busted for graffiti , the last thing i d wanted was to hang out with a bunch of redneck gearheads , but now i could hardly wait for april , when the new season would start .
the thing that bothered me the most , the thing i could nt understand , was why everyone else seemed to have a handle on the situation while i could nt get over it .
the thing that bothered me the most , the thing i could nt understand , was why everyone else seemed to have a handle on the situation while i could nt get over it .
the one thing the therapists had in common was that they were high school graduates without a criminal record .
` ` well for one thing i would certainly not recommend your american style of government .
- '' i remember the saying of one of our best coaches , red sanders , that ' winning is n't everything , its the only thing . ' ''
the girl stood even taller , if such a thing was possible .
there was dane , slouched in his chair , the only thing he had changed in the office during his tenure as head of callicott properties .
for one thing , they re not making any more land .
the thing about barb ?
is that the thing , dane ?
the whole hands thing .
at least now they had one thing in common .
for one thing , how had adams learned about the highline in the first place ?
the only thing that kept her from thinking that things could nt possibly get any worse was the unreasoning fear that they couldand she just did nt know how .
lyssa found small satisfaction in realizing that one thing , at least , would never change in her parents world .
you get to travel , for one thing .
pornography is just one thing about modern film and theatre i find impossible to condone .
she is just one more thing i have lost .
the only thing i knew was the pain i was in !
the first thing he saw were the eyes , they were open and bulging .
did she get that half - sentence thing from sam ?
it was virtually deserted for one thing , and the smoking section was filled with big empty booths with large tables , each equipped with perfect , generic , salt and pepper shakers .
he could nt forget about ned because unlike the geezers , there was just a thing or two odd about ned that made forgetting all about ned completely out of the question .
that s the best thing about roast chicken .
( that was another great thing about roast chickens .
the great thing about just a little bit of lightor actually quite a lot of light but light of short durationis that after it has left and you are back in the darkness again , its not the same darkness , for a while .
for one thing , said bob , as i ve mentioned , i did nt sleep a wink the entire week .
but that was nt the only thing that d changed .
daddy was right about one thing .
the only good thing about her familys move was that it had happened before the fall semester started .
the first thing she felt was a warm , gentle pulse of energy .
she was falling hard for josh and the last thing she wanted was competition .
the first thing that caught her attention was the fancy refrigerator .
the last thing we need is for one of them to wake up and catch you in my bedroom .
~***~ the first thing channie noticed was the musty smell of potting soil , smoldering greenery and burnt onions .
the only thing channie felt was guilt .
the last thing she wanted to do was super - charge him and make him even more attractive to his drooling audience .
if there were one good thing about old lady windsor , it was that she could nt hear the high - pitched mosquito ringtones everyone used for text alerts .
but this time , love was nt the only thing they shared .
the only thing keeping channie from cursing him was her irrational desire to hear him deny what she already knew to be true .
joshs stainless steel water bottle was the first thing channie noticed when she got in .
the only thing more important than your happiness is your safety .
not a thing , she said , looking way , the brief eye contact going right to his heart .
but that was the nice thing about life events , and the danger of them .
the first thing that struck here as she disembarked at heathrow was the accents .
they did nt make much money , but they had job security which to them was the most important thing about a job .
her acquiescence was tempered with the secret knowledge that very soon , his input in her life would consist of one thing only : money .
` ` but i 'll tell you one thing i absolutely wo n't miss , and that 's this uniform . ''
god is a strange thing too .
what 's this thing about you and bridges ?
` ` being afraid and not knowing what 's the right thing to do are two different things , curt . ''
the only thing harder than working for her is trying to get away , and i ' m trying to just drive on out of her yard and go home , but she 's standing in front of the tractor with both arms up , and her palms pointing at me , knowing my mind and shaking her head no .
` ` one thing brenda really likes , '' says curt , ` ` is a guy with a comb in his armpit . ''
strange thing is , she does n't seem to have a date tonight .
but this thing about bev is what really worries me .
that 's the bad thing about having trish with me .
he came to me monday at school , first thing .
physics is the most amazing thing .
one thing about bev .
the thing that bothers me the most is how deep i ' m getting involved with bev .
if there 's one thing that a hudson 's good for , it 's fighting niggers . ''
starts cussing , gets back in , strange thing is , he has a smile on his face .
that 's one thing you can depend on about me . ''
` ` is some thing wrong with your arm ? ''
the thing that bothers me is that all these kids around here know me .
the thing that hurt most was that he sounded like he really meant it , that i ' m not his son .
and this thing about papa 's pistol .
the thing i hate the most about my eyes being all swelled is that my face feels like i ' m grinning all the time .
maybe the thing i ' m mad about most is that when he talks to me he keeps looking at brenda 's tits .
the thing that stopped me , i guess , was the image i had of papa peeking in on them .
trading slobber must be her favorite thing .
when he came to , the first thing he saw was the face of his beloved princess .
the last thing carter needed was an adrenaline rush .
only thing worse than the street is a small stuffy cell , i tell myself .
the one thing the two men had in common was that they were masters at making people believe in their ideas .
the one thing she still knew about her brother was his abhorrence for small talk .
the great thing about the dark is that it either thrusts you into your grave or makes your life - smart .
the one thing i know about investors is that they are staunchly competitive and rarely like to expose ideas before their time , brad stated .
the most important thing with group investing is progress , not agreement .
` ` almost the same thing .
you know what the great thing about whistling is ?
* * * obama : because one thing we know is that change never comes without a fight .
the rain is the most insistent thing about this place .
the male thing .
and suddenly the world outside the pub was the last thing on his mind .
for one thing , it did n't have a restaurant -- jo thought the addendum made it sound classier , and she did occasionally send out for tacos and beer .
dark or sun tanned skin was not a desirable thing to any vietnamese woman .
she did nt come out on the road first thing so she missed me .
the only good thing about it is that there is a railway station so you can get out .
the first thing he noticed was how light the letter was , only one piece of paper , but he stopped himself ; his letter had been similarly brief .
the only thing worse than waving a red flag in front of a bull , is to mess with a bride - to - bes wedding plans .
` ` one thing i 'll never get used to is stimson on my back .
the best thing about voodoo cookies , aside from the taste , was that they worked any time of year .
just then , however , the only thing to complement the cough was silence .
the high - pitched sirens of an ambulance in the distance , mixed with the sound of maggies voice softly crooning , was the last thing he heard before he slipped into darkness .
yeah , time is a funny thing .
funny thing about weeds is that they do nt seem to be picky about how and where they grow .
the thing is , fair almost never figures into the picture .
the change thing again .
yeah , said jamie , i think that quiet is one of my favorite things about this place .
the last thing he remembered was talking to sylvia porter .
except for the old sugar maples lining the street , the new fence was the only thing that hinted at the historically rural character of the area .
there was no room to move , no such thing as personal space , every breath was shared .
time is such a mental thing , or maybe i should say duration , because time just is .
the only thing i know is that i have to be patient and let it have its awful way .
in a way it is the most important thing in life but we do n't recognise it as such .
and that certain quality , as della had phrased it , that distinctive and recognizable thing that made me take notice of certain images and sounds in my dreams .
for one thing , i m not delicate .
that s the thing about it , daniel .
by all accounts her grandmother had nt been a saint , but still , there was such a thing as loyalty .
not a thing , lacy said , staring wistfully in the direction jason had gone .
at that moment the only thing that kept lacy from turning and fleeing for safety was the mental image of tosh and jason fighting over who would go and get her .
the first thing charlie saw when the elevator door opened at the department was a police officer .
for one thing , charlie could n't believe that dalton had only pretended to be upset by barrett 's death , and he 'd been so forthcoming that dalton apparently had nothing to hide .
it then struck charlie that there was one thing the titles had in common : with the exception of von clausewitz ' book , they were all very old and early editions would be valuable .
the thing is , the doctor said more than one drug killed him .
the main thing was her claim about mckay shooting barrett .
flip banter was one thing ; intelligent and meaningful conversation was another .
i guess the only thing missing in that picture was the all american dream life that she had most certainly not enjoyed .
the sunshine , bub and bubba thing is okay , but its starting to wear a little thin .
the occasional quick walk around the entire propertytwenty - five minutes if i m not distractedis the only thing that keeps me sane .
the only thing i wanted now was to get to tampa general and see mia one more time .
the silence was the first thing he noticed .
it was the only thing he could remember from his high school spanish class .
the first thing he noticed was how good he felt , like the third morning of the best seven - day vacation ever .
the third thing he noticed was the chill in the room .
the fourth thing that occurred to him was the brightness .
the only un - earthly thing about it was what rick guessed were decorations .
the only thing missing was a stirring soundtrack .
nothing i need to remind anyone of but there was one thing that had bothered me through the event .
to witkowski 's rational mind , the one thing that brought him to the vatican , it looked like his holiness had fought a good fight but lost .
the greatest thing about the modern communication system was that i could watch united states news anytime i wanted it .
the last thing i wanted was to be back in close contact with the three of them .
the interesting thing about ripton is that he got into tv preaching because he thought there could be a lot of money in it .
fred browns heart was the only thing larger than his hulking body .
that was another thing grey liked about this place bill had never applied for a later licence .
well , the thing is that anthony was still a secret .
that was another thing about him : show him a naked breast and nothing else seemed to enter his mind .
in spite of our desire and efforts , the only thing that rose was frustration .
the annoying thing was myrtles police chief sons insistence on keeping her peaceful .
being irritated at her perfectionism is one thing , but smashing her over the head with a cast - iron skillet then coolly eating a salad a few minutes later is something else .
you know , it was a funny thing about jill .
there was one thing really bizarre about this deal .
without planning , de la pea found himself celebrating many things saturday night .
the second disturbing thing was the attitude of the body .
cut to john andre , in his favorite chair with the watchdog logo over his shoulder , now , what if that person suffering from such a thing were to be on a film set that was portraying events and people that he had fixated on ?
and he may no longer be responsible for bringing raphael to justice , but responsibility was a funny thing .
dianne smiled as she thought about his considering her up on fashion ... it said that he like the way she dressed ... in a roundabout way it was a compliment ... not that she had to fish for compliments from berry ... he was always quick to point out this or that thing that he like about her ... she was thinking that is was different then most of the men she had known ... most of them barely recognized she was there let alone notice something like that ... well they say that stripes are out ... they tend to vibrate on a tv set ... and the combination of red and blue does nt work well on tv ... the two colors seem to cause a flicker effect ... and if you re going to be on a green screen , you know one of those tv tricks where they superimpose a background image over the people ... like the pictures or the weather maps on the news ... you should nt wear green , because that s the color they use to blend the backgrounds with ... anything that shade of green will not be visible ... that d look great ... your head with no body ...
well , there are a couple of things that could have put me on the radar beside my involvement with the institute he was thinking not only about his involvement in the department but about his friendship with muffin and muffins sources but muffin was always careful not to involve berry in that part of it so maybe he was still off the screen .
he s smart enough to know that it is the only thing keeping him alive .
the first thing which cropped up was the difference in the visibility from the bench compared to where palmer had said the two men descended toward the priory .
the first thing that hit me was the cigarette smoke .
for one thing , the players were concentrating awfully hard for nothing being at stake .
the first thing i noticed about him was that he was wearing an earring ; that was also new to my business experience .
` ` my fellow shareholders , for one thing . ''
for one thing , he was n't aware of what i was doing and i was n't going to fill him in until he was further along the road to recovery .
for one thing , she had never been so cordial to me before .
` ` one thing i know that i did n't learn in school is that the longer you play the harder it will be for you to maintain concentration .
the thing that ray sort of admired about her was that she never seemed to take it personally .
for one thing , i think you owe me that apology .
for one thing , no newspaper i know of would hire a former tv ' personality ' .
that was the main thing the locals liked about it .
the first thing he noticed as he approached the table was that she was extremely thin .
victoria patted his hand , and poured him more coffee , those two things are not incompatible .
she does n't have a north carolina accent , for one thing .
the only thing i knew anything about was the ocean , so i decided to major in marine biology .
she is under age , for one thing .
he was very tired and went to sleep a lot faster than the night before , but the last thing he heard was the sound of her breathing .
she smiled , you know that is one thing i like about you .
the weird thing is there was always a sort of phoniness about roland , too .
the only thing he needed was patent leather shoes .
that was another thing that added to my reputation as a slob , i suppose .
one thing about people who grow up in situations where they are deprived is that when they grow up they never seem to get enough .
i think for one thing , i had been marcella pappias for so many years and i had buried marcia pappas so deeply , i hesitated to make that identity switch for sort of psycho - emotional reasons .
all in all , ray thought it was the most perfect place he had ever seen in his life ... ... and that was even before he saw the coolest thing about it .
for provenance the important thing is the information on the seller and the buyer , not the taxes .
sometimes i think that the only thing that kept her going at times was her hatred of aurelio and her determination to be the one to take him out .
as i drifted into unconsciousness , the last thing i was aware of was the feeling of sharp fangs plunging into my neck .
the only thing on him was the handcuffs .
the funny thing is , it was backed right up to the garage door .
the last thing i need is you in here screwing it up .
the one thing about betty was she always had a lot of back story to tell and you could nt rush her .
because the last thing i need , or the police need for that matter , is another nosey female poking around .
the last thing i need stressing me out in this whole mess is interference from those two .
the last thing i needed was a flat tire .
< < for one thing if anyone felt the need for vengeance it should be me as i sleep with her , and for another , nothing could be more out of character , jove , than you volunteering for a dangerous job like that when you have others you could order to go .
the last thing grey saw before he blacked out was the figure of derek waldron , returned from the bedroom and standing over him .
the only thing i was sure about was the new pair of sandals .
` ` that 's another thing i ' m gon na ' enjoy popping you , for .
as much as i loved making people sweat , and slowly getting a confession out of them , watching kara in action was a thing of beauty .
i had to focus on getting him , it was the only thing keeping me from collapsing .
that s been the last thing on my mind .
no doubt a glass of wine or brandy would seem like the thing to most , but i drink very little and certainly not when i have to drive home .
so , this finding a body on the floor thing did not freak you out ?
there is one thing different here , her voice faltered .
another thing that appealed to me was len being able to read my mind .
the most precious thing to me is you .
there has got to be one thing between two lovers that keep them loving each other .
its not the only thing though .
other than the thought of going to the park with len , another thing i wished every night was that len could give me a good - night kiss and say good night , babe .
there is one thing carmine does not know .
one thing that impresses us most is how they keep on trying and never give up .
the only thing i noticed was the way he was walking .
the last thing that would be on her mind is checking her e - mail .
becoming a lawyer was the last thing on my mind .
ever since she was small she seemed to be able to sense things about certain people or places .
the thing is , the guy made me nervous .
it is a singular thing , but i find that a concentrated atmosphere helps a concentration of thought .
' but it is a very singular thing , ' dr . mortimer remarked .
the only thing they agreed upon was it was an old car .
another thing the detectives found particularly intriguing .
that s the thing , roy died a few days later .
the one thing that kept him going was he was extremely good at his job .
they knew bill and maria were involved , they had the motive and opportunity , but they were lacking that one little nagging thing , proof .
one thing about the medication , it had completely stopped frank from having the terrible dreams he had been plagued with for so long .
the repugnance she felt for her father was a tangible thing .
her sweet voice filled the club , i found that i could nt take my eyes off of her and the strange thing was she seemed to be looking at me , our eyes locked in some kind of strange game , feeding off of each others passion .
t - bone and the boys were playing hot as usual but they were missing one very important thing , michele dubois , all the way from new orleans .
as i entered the club the first thing i saw was the mayor and pauli huddled up in a corner table , drinking a highball , and having a private conversation .
the first thing they noticed was his deep blue eyes that seemed to have unlimited depth , almost as if you were looking into a crystal clear lake .
the ticket was the last thing he needed .
i can pay them , but they have this funny thing called pride and do nt want to sit around the office doing nothing all day .
finally the only thing he moved was his hand and with it he used his thumb and index finger to mimic a gun .
the thing that i remembered most was how i felt around him because his look was unnerving .
the thing that astounded mike most was his calmness .
when he arrived at his car the first thing he noticed was the bent and broken rim .
the sudden spotlight was not the only thing that made him feel uneasy .
he focused on the daily operations since this seemed to be the only thing that calmed him .
the only other thing that he noticed was that garcia was not a patient player .
he had been called many things over his lifetime but one thing that he had never been called , was dull .
he has this mysterious thing about him that i kind of like .
with all the connections , inside information , and control of powerful people the one thing he had not been able to obtain was closure from his last wifes indiscretions .
once inside of his north dallas home the first thing mike notices is kellys cell phone sitting half tilted on the counter .
to me , the most important thing was the tangerine plantation those fruits eased my indisposition .
however , while he does n't find out that between faith , hope and love , love is the most important thing , his struggle will be in vain .
clvis is very happy , he wrote , and one of the reasons for his happiness is that he was cured of the angels seeing thing , which disturbed him so much on these last seven years .
that s the only thing i ve ever ... wanted words fell away as his dark eyes drew me inside .
the only thing worse than forcing yourself on a woman , i guessed , was the inability to .
the latter was the only thing she truly enjoyed , being out in the sun and digging in the dirt .
now , at the end , the only thing we had shared together , our blood and the blood of all the generations before , was disappearing and would soon be gone with the evaporating dew and the hot sun and the harsh wind and the hungry ants .
and the only thing she had left , her son , was killed , all because of your actions .
nothing , that s one thing that makes this code unique .
the only thing that changed was that i realized if i did n't present a better appearance my career would go nowhere , so i had a makeover and had a consultation with a fashion person at a department store .
the last thing i need in my life right now is my mother arriving from chicago to ' take care of us ' .
for one thing , you did as much of this research as i did .
he smiled , well , for one thing , she 'd damned good on the stand .
for one thing , the money generally came from the insurance company , not the individual and , for another , money does not cure grief .
how come the opening of the fire exit was the thing that caused the fire to go crazy ?
for one thing gram and aunt paula wear me out .
for one thing , all we know about jimmerson 's involvement is hearsay from broadridge .
one of the members , a british born little slip of a thing , always seemed to come away with either the prize for eating the biggest quantity of the evenings chocolate treats or for figuring out the mystery .
the best thing about baking was that little tasks like grating fresh coconut were the perfect way to relax and escape all of the days other stresses .
no , and that s the thing .
the handiest thing was the pair of slacks and blouse shed worn yesterday .
freddy krueger be damned , the scariest thing in pia 's dreams was polyester .
the last thing i want to do is get lost and be floating around in nothing for all of eternity .
the last thing i needed was a gangsta ghost .
the last thing i need is a key to your gallery .
the thing is- the prospect of spending the evening with this particular bunch of people is exasperating , but the knowledge that one of them is likely to be the mnt , makes it absolutely terrifying . ''
the last thing he remembered was lying down for a few minutes in the vip cabin .
if there was one thing that stuck in dougs craw , it was that carole still looked like the wronged wife .
that was the thing about aunt pinkie .
she had ambre to thank for one thing , setting a high standard .
its the kind of thing that caused talking to be outlawed during the bidding process in duplicate bridge .
let me correct you on one thing , dick .
the last thing agbu remembered was seeing his friend jorge slumped over the steering wheel with a bullet through his forehead .
yes , that s the other thing that bothers me .
it was a surreal orchard , its orphaned fruit unpicked , the air heavy and still , bees and insects the only thing stirring besides our band of turistas .
the finish - with - nick thing .
i hate to break it to you , katie , but there s not a thing wrong with osos training .
that was the thing about grief .
yes , you have that fresh , girl - next - door , tomboy thing going .
it was the only thing she would give him at this moment .
it was the only steady thing about her at the moment .
that s the thing that keeps bugging me .
no , i got to the school first thing .
ill stop in to see him first thing with the painting you gave me for christmas , samara , and have him make a frame for it .
for one thing how did any of this connect max with maggie ?
judging by the mirror , everything fit and the only thing the fashion police would cite me for was lack of originality .
so is the only thing they have in common their hatred of philip douglas ?
it seems like such a difficult thing , to go through life not believing in the wondrous rapture which well share with the almighty after death .
a sense of humor was a great thing to have , but sometimes you had to jump into the deep end , not just stand in the shallows making fun of everyone else .
the last thing i wanted was to go anywhere with brandon , but apparently phillipa had other ideas .
there was the front door to the lab , for one thing .
the only thing she admired about him was how he shot his gun .
if there was one thing buck was good at it was smoking fish .
the only thing he saw was a twisted ghostly reflection of himself staring back at him from the glass .
the only thing he ever wanted to do was fly .
boots , pants , jackets , gloves , body armor , and helmets- the only thing not covered with black material was their eyes .
the last thing i needed was to fall into them .
justice closed her eyes , gushing , the first thing that comes to mind is sweat , sheets , and wild - animal - barking - at - the - moon sort of passion .
one thing i had going for me , though , was most girls were nouns .
the thing of it was , most of the time my verys were angry at one another .
one thing about going to school in the dark , occasionally you d get a glimpse of the moon .
the only thing i had going for me was that my mug shot was nt going to pop up on some government program with convictions .
first thing i thought was , trapped and nowhere to go .
but that s the thing with verbsyou actedyou did nt just watch .
one thing about teenagers and cell phones : ours were always by our beds , charging with the power on .
the thing with vinnie was , he could get things , but he did nt know what to do with them once he had them .
but looks were a funny thing .
you know one thing i just figured out , jinx ?
my word , the last thing i needed was a guilt trip .
dylan , the last thing i ever want to do is hurt your feelings .
one thing about marjorie , she idolized me .
the only thing i omitted was jaws .
it was nine oclock when oscar called , and i d just filled him in on what d gone down since we d last chattedthe only thing substantial was justin basically admitting guilt .
the only thing i knew for sure was , we were traveling at a higher speed than normal , we d idled four times , and my tacos had come up twice .
admittedly relieved , belinda rested her head on the pillow , bennett 's gray eyes the last thing she saw for a while as she dropped off to sleep .
if there 's one thing i learned growing up with four women , it 's what happens when they have meltdowns . ''
we disagreed a lot , and if there 's one thing i learned about him , it 's that he 's not afraid to go head - to - head . ''
the last thing she saw as her temple drove into the corner of the cabin entrance was the shape of someone who looked like mark standing on the bow of a motorboat .
belinda 's face did that glowing thing it did a lot when she was pleased , her heart fluttering at the thought that bennett tate would make room for her , and she took another bite of her cookie .
in fact , my daughter sensed the same thing .
they were much the same as rosemarys , except for one thing .
clothing is important , for one thing .
for one thing his face had colour which did a great deal for the ready smile , displaying a full set of bright , white , original teeth and accentuating the lines on his face .
the one thing he had noticed about the french motorways was the scarcity of junctions ; he would be caught before he got to the first one , the way his luck was running at the moment .
one thing he insisted on from all of his reporters was to stay objective at all times and keep their own emotions out of the story .
like sarah , this is the last thing crawley wants .
because he had the best equipped lab in the world , and a multi - million dollar budget to work with , for one thing .
like it made it appear that he had done something in his lab that others would nt be able to do without his expertise , for one thing .
for one thing , i would say they would start to have headaches and get sick to their stomach , vomit , probably some diarrhea .
for one thing , the director of the study also admitted that an undocumented number of patients were permitted to take other medical drugs during the study , and the effects of these other drugs were never taken into consideration .
for one thing , poppers can be highly addictive , in the sense that many gay men who use them find that they 're no longer able to enjoy sex without them .
well , for one thing , it disappears before the aids victim dies .
they all have one thing in common : like my commission , they are convinced that the virus we have called hiv can not be the cause of aids .
well , that 's the only thing i can figure out .
the first thing that struck her was how long it had been since she had seen so many black people in one place .
yes , anythings possible but highly unlikely ; and if its true , mr . armand , we in the field of immunology must reexamine our theories from the ground up , because , as i said , it would violate the entire premise of vaccinations , for one thing .
for jeff , however , the hardest thing about being diagnosed as hiv - positive is the fear .
the thing that scares me the most right now is the switch in the medical community from finding a cure for aids , to making it a manageable disease .
but the most shocking thing about it was that the results often mean life or death to someone .
the first thing i felt was anger ; she was lying on my rock , my rock , her eyes closed , her feet hanging in the water , her body wrapped in a pink swimsuit so tight you could see her ribs .
the last thing i need is to have her dogging my every move like gloria does with pia .
my hair was the one and only thing i had always loved about myself .
` ` the one thing i ' ve noticed , mike , '' pia was saying , ` ` is that all three designs call for digging . ''
so far the only thing that had changed was the venue .
a thing she made quite clear upon her arrival .
if there 's one thing i knew about my dad , it was that his instincts were generally spot on .
i had n't expected anyone to buy me anything , however , it soon became evident that the elaborate wrappings were the only thing sincere about these gifts .
if there 's one thing i know , it 's foremen .
the thing that caught my eye was how sad he looked .
the thing about spencer that no one liked was his manner .
he entertained himself by watching bad tv on an old wood paneled set and listened to the worst of country and western because it was the only thing on the radio that was nt spanish or a preacher telling us how god was going to fuck us all over in ways described in the back of the bible unless we picked up that phone and sent money .
he knew that being relevant was the only thing a man like julian jones needs to be .
the only thing linking the five murders is the extremely brutal nature , the removal of the limbs and of course , the poem left at the scene .
he knew that was the one thing that had driven her away and made her lose interest .
that was the best thing about it .
he may not have played hard for sympathy but one thing which julian played for harder than anything was headlines and this was a beauty .
the thing that made her more powerful than anyone else in the business was what she chose not to report .
that was the thing he was noticing now more than anything else .
the thing was , everybody believed him and when he walked into a room it was just one more thing that raised his interestingness stakes .
if there was one thing taylor hated it was people who sobbed hysterically at the loss of a loved one .
the only thing that had julians attention now was the sight of the two court officers making their way towards him to re - acquaint him with the sufficiently uncomfortable feel of standard issue manacles .
his eyes were the first thing you noticed about him , they were so blue they were striking .
the one thing he did have in common with the crowd was his remarkable good looks , that jfk , jr . kind of look , with dark black hair , green eyes , and a great body that he worked on continually .
the good thing about the lieutenant and the good thing about living in a small college town was that everything and everyone is usually close by .
you all are the closest thing to family that i have since i moved here so i really do appreciate you trust .
the doors opened directly on to a main road , for one thing , whereas the queen of scots was tucked away in a jumble of old crooked houses , which gave the illusion that nobody could find it if they did nt know it was there .
this monday morning the weather was neither one thing nor the other - lots of greyish - white clouds about , no rain yet , no sign of blue sky .
you ' ve got this ' i ' m so delicate ' thing going on , with the cute little haircut and the big green eyes . ''
` ` the only thing i ' m guilty of is being gullible .
sunny had caught that thing in my voice that said i could nt talk about anymore .
but with the homeowner desperate to keep mitzy away from his property and alonzo , the dangerously hot rival investor trying to snatch it out from under her , mitzy knows she has to work fast , or the economy wo nt be the only thing dead eminent domain mitzy neuhaus is dying to get back to business as usual , but the worst economy since the great depression has just about killed her real estate business .
she was built like me ; it was the only thing that denoted us as family .
one thing about working with serial killers and mass murderers , they pay well .
that is the one thing all of these have in common , they are meant to kill slowly .
one thing we found in common is that they were all out - going .
she has this thing though , she hates when they spend the night , so she came downstairs and slept in my apartment until he left .
it was the only thing that kept the wrinkles from invading the corners of his mouth .
one thing ace was right about though , she kept her victims in hanging coffins .
the first thing he noticed was the victim 's head was missing .
the most terrifying thing about her is she can fire me .
before the doors whisked shut , the last thing she saw was the stunned , then enraged expression on his face .
the most annoying thing was that oliver had been quite right all along .
he said this disdainfully , as though scrappy record - keeping was the only thing anyone had to worry about when mentioning auschwitz .
one thing about shopping that she always enjoyed was trying something new each week .
kain tried to keep his voice at a whisper , but that was one thing he was not known for .
for one thing , why would shannon want to advertise that she was drunk ?
for one thing , shannon was so resilient .
however , the one thing that stuck in roberts mind was her smile .
its the only thing keeping me sane .
jasmines the only thing that matters now .
the last thing she wanted was to wander around the city with a large neon light flashing over her head .
so why would she come to me for comfort when she has the closest thing to a father standing beside her ?
they were the first thing people noticed and the last thing they remembered .
they were the first thing people noticed and the last thing they remembered .
he s the only one who does a damn thing for me .
one thing he d say about small towns , they were full of helpful people doling out helpful information .
one thing about city life , it robbed the body of physical fitness .
that woman was the closest thing to a connoisseur delaney had when it came to wine selection , claiming she drank for her heart , to keep the pipes clean .
the only thing she had updated since moving in was the floor .
the last thing he wanted to do was explain a bullet wound to her daughter , felicity .
and if there was one thing nick liked in a woman , it was confidence .
that s the only thing that matters .
another thing i dislike about the upscale baths in other quadrants are the annoying trainers always getting in your face trying to help you lose weight or build up a muscle group .
he rarely used capital letters while writing them because the most important thing about goals is that they be flexible and easily altered .
there were numbers and dollar signs in the center and right hand columns : the only thing all three columns had in common was one name , the only words always written in upper case : that fucking mackey .
but the best thing about having sex with a stranger is that , occasionally , she would feel wanted .
the one thing that was difficult about the work we did was that i could never stop thinking about it .
the good thing about the music playing was that everyone was merely jumping around .
the cool thing about pauly is he never asks questions . ''
` ` that 's the thing he is not actually employed . ''
the thing is she mentioned that myra has yet to tell her this has happened .
the neat thing about sleeping in here was that it reminded me of camping .
the nice thing about where we had mitchell park was that he was backed up against trees and bushes .
then there was the oddest thing about miss lurlene .
for one thing , someone took a couple of shots at me this morning while you were off gambling away like a drunken sailor on shore leave .
not a damn thing , bubba muttered irately .
they had that special thing that chris always had with kids .
maggie and i had the usual ups and downs as do all relationships and though we argued over just about everything , the one thing we never argued over was sex .
the last thing i needed was confrontations like these and i still needed time to think things out .
we had not been able to rent a house at the seaside but the lakes were the next best thing .
one thing that peter has never been good at is lying and i believed him when he told me .
one thing i know is you are not supposed to be rummaging through crime scenes , said aunt tenne .
i guess i do nt get the whole girly competition thing .
the truth was the only thing that mattered .
you mean the marilyn thing ?
i want to see the girls for one thing .
its the only thing .
a gentle hand woke me the next morning and that glass was the first thing i saw .
i knew there d be a next time , but i was nt ready for it to be so soon and with dad there was no such thing as just riding along .
that one thing about the young man who had just left that seemed to elude him at the moment and continued to do so regardless of how hard he tried .
harry may or may not be many things , but one thing that he had always tried to be was to be methodical and go about things in a systematic way .
and one thing he had learned over the years was to be patient .
the first thing he noticed was the lazy snake like undulation at the back of the trailer , twisting abruptly at an angle and into a jack - knife which finally pulled it away from the cabin .
in the dark , the first thing christian became conscious of was the sound of his own breathing .
the large directory on the shelf beneath the phone was the first thing duclos reached for .
the first thing he saw was monique rosselot 's profile reflected in candlelight against the glass screen .
he did n't see or hear the solex approaching ; the cry was the first thing he heard .
the worst thing is that it looked so real .
lame , i know , but conversation openers are nt really my thing .
the only thing she missedthe one thing i left outis those last few minutes inside the club .
the only thing she missedthe one thing i left outis those last few minutes inside the club .
that s all i know , and its the only thing in the world that matters , being woken up by a kiss like a fairy - tale princess .
the thing about melanie is that , and i honestly do nt know why , we ve always rubbed each other a little bit the wrong way from the first time we met way back at freshman orientation .
the only thing ill take away from it is that i heard you say that you re glad you waited for me .
its one thing with brian ; he knows , even though he s unconscious , that i m there .
the thing about her is nt just that she s there for me , but she s there with exactly the right thing to say .
christmas presents , for one thing .
already done it first thing , love said thinking back to his conversation earlier that morning .
that s the one thing i miss about new york .
the first thing that hit love was the smell of paco rabanne .
the second thing that hit him was the neatness of sullivans office .
there s just one thing wrong with that .
that was the strangest thing about it .
the corridors were all alike and decorated in the same style as the other floors with their coconut matting in dark beige and white walls , except for one thing .
i m the wife of the boss for one thing and secondly i m kept pretty busy with my interior design business .
he was here too apart from when he checked on the flower order first thing .
heinrich does nt like driving the van for one thing he finds it too antiquated .
that was the one thing he could accommodate .
that 's another strange thing , she explained .
for one thing , there was no mention of sheriff carmichael 's connection to the original john horace colson case back in seventy - five .
it was almost as if they were the only thing that mattered .
the other thing that bothered me was that this might be the tip of the iceberg .
he wanted to see about it , first thing .
motorcycles meant only one thing .
the first thing she noticed was several bottles of her fathers wine .
and the great thing about the rummies is they wo nt be able to see us pinning them .
stacker looked smart , for one thing , and was wearing a suit and tie .
` ` the first thing that springs to mind is why am i talking to you and not to your mum or dad with you in the background as a witness ? ''
the only thing interesting was a carved wooden box , and all that contained was a large glass ball , wrapped up in a black cloth .
the thing is , we always agreed when a job was too risky , that way we never got caught .
the strange thing is , the cheap souvenir also had a funny effect on me , same as the arrows .
the first thing she checked were the names and numbers of all the calls he had made or received .
the thing that has stayed with me , all this time , began julia , is how quiet the night was .
the last thing she saw before slumping over unconscious was nurse paula opening the door and bringing in a wheel chair .
one thing i learned how to do while writing that i found to be awesome and that was writing emotion .
now that it 's over i ' m sure i ' m ok again '' steve glanced at her , before remarking casually , ` ` one thing prison taught me was to take each day as it comes . ''
` ` there 's another thing about my story , '' said manjy .
the last thing i will see is those eyes - cold , ruthless , evil and with an icy light : an unconsuming , all consuming fire .
it could explain the rumours for one thing .
` ` one thing strikes me about all your stories , '' observed carol .
your eyes were the last thing i saw . ''
the only thing she seemed to care about more than making friends was tom , and for now he seemed a lost cause .
the only thing she did nt realize was that day was quickly coming and she just did nt see it yet .
the thing tom did nt know was that kaitlyn had learned quite a few new things about her past last night care of her fathers ramblings outside the house when the fire truck drove up and the strange dream she had while sitting next to his body in the hospital .
but there was one thing she did know , even though they were nt as close as they had been in the past , her heart would feel slightly different if he were truly gone .
the thing about criminal lies is that they tend to serve a purpose .
` ` yup , and you know what the best thing about eating here is ? ''
` ` it 's a shrink thing . ''
` ` josef , '' he said , ` ` the only thing i have . ''
for one thing i need to find stand - ins for max .
the last thing he remembers is being a twenty - two year old first year law student .
the only thing different this time was the expression .
the thing bev thought was odd was that she could sense fear in the room , but she could not identify its source .
personally , the best thing about the caribbean is the water .
the other nice thing about the private beaches is they have nice bathhouses .
the last thing she wanted or needed in her life was a man !
for one thing , i know better than trying to talk an insurance company into letting me travel out of the country .
the last thing she wanted was to get in between strakers daughter and her husband .
the only thing preventing her from climbing into the chest and putting an end to her agony was the magicians strong hands gripping her arms .
the only thing that saved me was the fact that i did nt even know she was going to be on stage that night and this note .
the last thing she wanted was to spend the next few months deep in zombie research .
the first thing grace noticed was the golden dragon pendant with a sparkling pink eye , fastened to graces , or rather graces sisters , pink and white tweed jacket .
for one thing , wachita , texas is not so little anymore .
also , crystal , my favorite blogger , has reported several instances of the bad guys actually getting away from the squad because of this very thing .
blacks anticipation was verging on cerebral salivation , if there was such a thing .
that s the thing about having a good friend who knows you well .
miz scarlet ... . larry , you ve got a kid worried sick about you , and the only thing that s going to make her feel safe is knowing she s got her mom within screaming distance .
if that woman was one thing , she was tenacious .
michael had not been lying about one thing the dish was every bit as good as he had promised .
for one thing , the ponderosa basin - wawona cutoff was not an easy road to drive upon or even to locate .
she concentrated on the only thing that had mattered to her up to this point in her life , herself .
the only thing that saved her from looking like a full - on bitch was the genuine distress in and around her changeable hazel eyes and full , bottom - heavy mouth .
her patience level had never been particularly high , and the only thing holding it in check right now was her steadfast insistence in maintaining a professional image .
the only thing she really missed , after all was said and done , was the one thing she 'd been able to count on from tom -- good , sweaty sex .
the only thing she really missed , after all was said and done , was the one thing she 'd been able to count on from tom -- good , sweaty sex .
the last thing he should be thinking about was the way her hair just barely grazed the curve of her firm jaw when it was loose .
* * * * the wail of the ambulance siren was the first thing she became conscious of , and it mirrored her waking moments that morning so perfectly that for a moment she thought she was back in her comfortable bed at the hotel , just beginning her day .
and that was the thing that bothered him most about samantha henning and made him cling to a gut - churning conclusion .
how could he impugn her character , the one thing that defined her as arden jones ?
that was the thing that infuriated her the most .
do nt leave me for being stupid arden , he whispered in her ear , the overlapping heat and strength of his hand the only thing restraining her .
for one thing , he knew his friends would rather die than lay on the ground naked , even for the mother of all pranks .
he raked a hand through his hair viciously , his frustration a tangible thing .
the last thing i wanted to do was talk about my childhood especially with stewie .
i needed to put distance between us because the last thing i wanted was to make a move on denver only to be rejected .
the amazing thing about these motors was that each was small enough to be carried on a pick - up truck and they were fuelled on a hybrid principle , worked out by noodles and the jpl engineers .
he s cute , in a nerdy sort of way , and his wife has the whole type - a personality thing going on .
one thing about them though , they made a beautiful kid , kenny jr .
the one thing about frank that makes him formidable is his height .
the only thing with these homes is the way my dad did all the windows .
that s the thing with kids , shy , mean , or whatever , they do nt leave me alone .
you have the sweet , innocent , soft girl thing going on .
the aspens do that glitter thing where the smoky white of the bark shines through the flickering leaves .
one thing andy and i have in common is being a picky eater .
one thing i know is that kids with any kind of anxiety issue need routine .
the first thing i notice is that his fingers run over every surface they can find , only stopping at an occasional loose thread .
i walk over , noticing for the first time luke has that whole hot professor thing going on with the long sleeved mens shirt rolled up to his elbows and worn jeans .
they stop playing to give me weird looks , flirty and angry at the same time , the kind of thing you d get walking through a mens prison .
that s the thing about gay girl night , its all about solidarity .
i wave at my ear to let him know he s doing the lazy non - talking thing again , but toss him the keys anyway .
under the covers , he pulls me close , doing that thing he s always done , giving me love just the right way .
one good thing about the vampire slayer crazies is they do nt use guns .
right place , wrong time kind of thing .
he already did the drugging effect i saw branden and damon do with their bite , the ecstasy thing , only i m nowhere near an orgasm right now .
there s no such thing as privacy .
the thing about your question though , is that many vampires do nt seek out the overeager martas .
she takes me inside to show me her room , the most telling thing about a girl .
he s out for one thing and it really pisses me off .
i think she was the only thing he loved .
its the only thing i was sure of growing up .
its the one thing that really bothers me about his death .
the only thing left is a sauna soak and pizza .
that s the thing about these girls , they re uncharacteristically young for their age .
you have that whole big guy thing going , but i have that whole lived - a - mother - fucking - hard - life thing .
you have that whole big guy thing going , but i have that whole lived - a - mother - fucking - hard - life thing .
the only thing going for her is that she s actually pretty , just in dire need of a makeover .
i should have noticed first thing how different the place looks , especially considering all the grief i gave them for the country - gone - wrong interior design .
my breathing is the only thing i hear , the sound , rough and ragged .
the feeling of safety and love each time i look into andrews eyes makes me extremely grateful for the one thing that has not changed since i entered sanctuary .
when they told me that you were with that crazy woman and someone who looked like me that could hurt you , i was so afraid that if he were to harm you , the last thing you would remember is me causing you pain .
call me old fashioned , she had complained to one of the younger woman in the club , but the last thing a church needs is an entertainment room .
when we entered his bedroom , the first thing i noticed was the wide bay window offering a panorama of the city of wheeling .
its the only thing that calms my nerves .
a miscellaneous selection of clocks and cameras were on view behind the counter , while beneath it , a motley collection of jewellery and watches were displayed behind glass ; a typical pawnbrokers save for one thing : the musical instruments hanging from the ceiling .
once they ve paid me my fee , money is the one thing they never talk about .
the only thing resembling tony fenten was the muscles , holly leaned her head around the seat to get a better look .
and the only thing i bang nowadays is my head against the wall whenever i think about my life .
that quirky thing with your face .
well , he admitted , maybe there is one other thing that keeps me restless now and then .
well , the only thing he s got going for him is that he did nt make greedo fire first at the mos eisley cantina .
you re the only thing bothering me right now .
bruce rolled his eyes and said , that s one thing i ve always admired about you , kippy .
` ` well , '' frannie said to the others , ` ` the only thing normal about this weekend seems to be meals and i think its time for lunch . ''
` ` i guarantee you , the last thing i feel like tonight is a teenager .
the last thing he saw of the oklahoma state prison at akersville was the top of the guard towers that looked out across the yard .
one thing they did know was she would never go against him ; she kind of protected him in a way .
it 's probably just a little hamstring thing .
and one thing you can always count on at eddie 's is that eddie himself will be inside tending bar .
so , you ' ve got him worried , and the last thing you want is to have ramsey worried about you . ''
apparently unbeknownst to me nelly 's new thing when she got drunk was to talk with an accent .
i imagine the only thing that would get me by in here is the hope that one day it would end and i would get my life back .
hope and love is the only thing that would get me through . ''
for one thing you are a much stronger person today than you were three months ago , right ? ''
the only nice thing about the room was the dark red walls and the heavy shades that masked all the light .
i could drive to work , but the best thing about my place is that its only a three - block walk into work .
we sat in silence for a few moments and then sophia said softly , the thing that got to me was the effort he put in .
the one thing i d learned during my training was that people were more forthcoming face - to - face .
for one thing , the town did not have a team prepared to check the noxious nature of the smoke and until the fire department brought up its one trained volunteer who happened to be at his home farm several miles out of town , no one could rest assured that the fumes were innocent .
the last thing he heard was the voice of the first african who reached the wreck .
for one thing , without his arms behind him , the ropes were actually looser .
though , people should know one thing before embarking on a new adventure and its that all new beginnings have new endings of which we are oblivious .
though , he also failed to hide one thing : bizarrely , there was this spark in his eyes ; as if he admired my brave act .
do you want to know what s the odd thing about it ?
though , the prisons filth was nt the only thing that bothered my eye ; for everything around me was there to remind me who i am and who i was coming to visit .
i promptly turned to the direction that the sound had come from and the only thing i saw was that black shape , slowly retreating .
defeat is no easy thing to admit and it happens to us so often that we sometimes forget how to deal with it .
homer said , right , as if sleep were the last thing he were going to get .
no weapon , for one thing .
facing - it is about the only thing left , i think .
he was the one thing missing from the report .
the only thing that had been there when we arrived was the magnificent view .
it must be a guy thing , i remarked .
the last thing she wanted to do was guess wrong again .
when it comes to people i love , there s no such thing as an inconvenient time .
if there s one thing they have in common , its their predatory nature , so you have to convince them you re bigger and badder than they are , and that the fight is going to cost them more than they want to pay .
what s the one thing that matters most when you re setting someone up for a fall ?
the second thing that bothered her more was getting too involved in the cases .
shared the whole success with everyone ; the only thing which i could nt share was the pain of moms absence .
i found one thing common in all cases that you handled .
the sound of alarms was the only thing that could be heard .
she was not sure , and hope was the only thing that she could give him .
the only thing that bothered him more than visiting the cabin was letting the antiques case slip out of his hand .
the whole you re the boss thing .
i did nt get the locust thing .
you remember shannons linethe best thing about working in a collective was not having a boss , but its also the worst thing .
you remember shannons linethe best thing about working in a collective was not having a boss , but its also the worst thing .
with all this talking about my work and yours , i say , slowing down for her to catch up , i ve left out the main thing going on with me , which is that i m thinking about you .
the last thing that i needed was for her to lose her temper and start yelling .
that all of the robberies , including this one , have one thing in common .
it stood tall and attracted most onlookers as the first thing they noticed about kings college .
the only thing that i know is that he is here .
the unusual thing about it was that heinriks father was not a carpenter .
the only thing she knew for sure was that the lake house was tainted to her now .
the one memorable thing about him was how silent he was .
dirty brown hair was the only thing that kept his head warm .
her scream was the last thing i heard before i could no longer fight my bodys urge to shut down .
that s the surprising thing .
the other thing that i find surprising is that there s never anyone around when these things happen .
willie bascom had prior convictions for one thing and eventually we would have questioned him about it .
fred and oriole looked at each other , fred did that thing of raising his right eyebrow to say hey there s something going on here .
the last thing she wanted was to see mickey .
that was the most remarkable thing about the whole action .
for one thing , virtually all marley owned went to scrooge .
the first thing i knew of your arrival was the handle of the hoe sticking up from a grate down the street .
whenever we did , tough old bugsy got real squishy and the sweet things about him were on full display no matter how hard he tried to hide them .
lime green pants were the first thing i noticed .
i wrote that the only thing more punishing than listening to the sub - par wailings coming from their so - called musical acts , was trying to bite into their rolls .
see , that s just the thing .
things clicked into place : orhan 's perennial attitude of mild amusement , his reticence , a touch of irony in his deference to the policeman 's gardening advice , his choice of reading material , his grace as a chauffeur , which approached that of an actor playing a role to such perfection that it became an ironic comment on itself .
the only thing i remember about him was he had a little trouble with his drinking .
stephanie said the only thing missingother than the unknown stolen itemon the day joe holman disappeared was his pickup truck and the belongings he brought with him .
the thing is other people have such an easy time making joseph do what they want him to do .
the only thing i knew about what he took from the baxter farm was it required two people to carry it to the truck , but it was small enough it only required one truck and one trip and did not require special equipment .
the thing that bothered me was the case did nt seem any clearer as i worked on it .
for one thing , i had friends there , but more important they knew my work and they knew greene just plain did nt like me .
i noticed the same thing , cable said .
chapter 8 the first thing i noticed about robert north was how much he reminded me of his old commander .
the funny thing about her and bob is the entire world knows about him and his collection of bimbos .
for one thing , i did nt know the mans real name .
the only thing i can recall was joe said his friend came from the west coast , but he did nt say where , bryan said .
the only thing i can recall is it was nt california .
i liked finding that chunk of gold ; for one thing , it proved i was on the right track .
for one thing , by now he probably knew he could nt keep using the same identities .
the thing is he was nt a dealer .
the first thing i noticed about my suspects parties was they had a public side and a hidden side .
the one thing all of them had in common was they d all suffered abuse and torment from the same evil bastard .
the thing was i hardly knew joe .
i must have passed out again just as nancy got me out of the house , because the only thing i recall after that was the face of a paramedic leaning over me inside the ambulance as we were racing to the hospital .
for one thing , he often had trouble remembering his own name .
one thing you can bet on with rats like him is they plan ahead .
i had one little thing in common with my suspect .
they were twins in size and shape and direction except for one thing .
the view of the bay was the first thing i saw through floor - to - ceiling windows .
only thing bothers me is my feet .
one thing i knew for a fact was that they were no longer in sight .
sleep was one thing she did well .
the only thing i regret was being so far away from mum when she died .
the strange thing is that he had all kinds of motivation to be very nervous around you , but he was n't .
she 's not my insured , for one thing .
the worst thing about traveling on business is not having someone waiting to welcome you home .
he cleared his throat and said , the good thing about being a songwriter with troubles is that i have an outlet for my pain .
for one thing , she did n't keep house or take care of me .
i can tell you that you are right : the thing that positively lights me up is the process of doing things with focus and concentration .
if work is my passion , boredom is the thing i ca n't tolerate .
actually , i was thinking more along the lines of the wall in the bedroom , so it will be the first thing i see when i wake up in the morning ... just before i go outside and look at the real deal .
she said , that is one thing i despise about florida .
for one thing , walker trent has never done anything out of pure kindness in his life .
he scans around him as i ride by , but is not worried by what he sees , so i continue to the end of the street where i turn left and park - the only thing going for me is the element of surprise , but i have to use it carefully .
amanda had already prepared their lunches the night before , so breakfast was the only thing left .
the first thing that hit ross was the stench .
the last thing jessica wanted to do was mourn .
the only thing he saw was his own reflection .
mishandling children , for one thing .
as much as the world has changed one thing is constant .
` ` and seeing him in pain is the closest thing i 'll get to happiness .
everyone here has one thing in common : they 're poor or at least close enough .
the thing which connects this to the other attacks , erin , is there was a surface incision made into the victims skin .
so the thing you all have in common is basketball ?
a pool of drool fell to the bed sheet : the single thing , which emanate from karas body as she slept into the afternoon .
they re linked by one thing , but it does not give me a pattern , sanchez said .
the one thing i knew about you before tonight was you were raped .
its the whole imperfection thing .
what a funny thing memory was .
katherine had to choke back a laugh ; the first thing she noticed about mrs . torres was her large hooked nose .
one thing i have learned is that people have an amazing capacity to hold a grudge .
at this moment thought the important thing to me about reggie is that he is an attorney , and not just any attorney .
the one thing about working in america but not actually being an american , is that there are some people who assume you are here illegally .
the last thing i needed was for them to start worrying about me .
it 's got the whole black widow thing going for it . ''
when the publicist is stumped you know the situation is bad , because one thing i have learned about these people is that they are eternally optimistic .
the thing is he really looked sorry that i was involved .
for one thing i ' m the one with the permit for this . ''
for one thing , he could nt be that much older than i washe must ve been a quirky child prodigy .
a great thing about old houses is almost all of the rooms had fireplaces .
my stomach was nt the only thing flip - flopping on my body .
one thing that was nt on my list of favorites was talking to the dead non - stop .
her spiky hair was the only thing i could see moving up and down as she searched for the person responsible for throwing the hardback at her .
i must have looked like hell , but that s the good thing about having dead friendsno matter how bad i looked , i always looked better than they did .
we stood in silence ; the only thing i could hear was her breathing .
if this was a robbery , would nt the guns be the first thing they d take ?
the only thing that saves me from total confusion is their hair .
the only good thing i could see in having my house vandalized was it gave blaze something to do .
for one thing , its dangerous .
the very best thing about my friends is the level of gratitude they display whenever i help them out .
one thing that kept me writing in the early 90s was that i read many other mystery authors of the daymarcia muller , sue grafton and sara paretsky provided much inspirationand i saw that each of them improved their writing style and depth of plots as their series moved forward .
one nice thing about paul 's visitshe and lorraine have plenty of old friends in town to see besides me .
the only thing that made sense was that somehow she 'd known something about someone .
that is one thing i would have noticed since i m the one who sifts through the mail before it is picked up .
one thing about kids ; ignore them and they 'll go away in a week or two .
ca nt leave pica , for one thing , kele said .
interesting thing about warming your toes is that your boots start to melt just before your toes get warm .
one thing about a good rainfall , you do n't have to go far from the tent to relieve yourself .
it sits lower , for one thing , so a side wind hits you less .
one thing about a string of islands : you ca nt visually separate islands , points , and bays until you actually get to them .
one thing a canoe has over a kayak is storage .
i finished the whiskey : it was the only thing that kept me from feeling like i was eight years old .
one thing krav maga had taught her was to follow her instincts .
that s another thing i liked about dylan , he did nt laugh off female intuition the way some guys did .
ah , there s this little thing called the law .
although that foot - to - gonads thing does come in handy sometimes .
the only thing worse than avoiding a call i really did nt want to take was having someone else know i was avoiding it .
heres the thing about dylan he s not just good to look at ; he s pretty damned good at this job .
i made a mental note to tell elizabeth the first thing i needed upon her return was the heat turned down in here .
now the scary thing about catching peeks at people is that you never know what you re going to catch peeks of .
but i d seen a lot over the years as a pi , and if there s one thing i know , its that women are resilient .
still got that throaty thing going on , i see .
for one thing , even in heels luanne is nt tall enough .
and as my eyes looked southward , that was the only thing bulging on dylan foreman now .
the only thing that moved was his eyes , from my face to my feet and back , with insolent appreciation .
as time progressed and cooking over an open flame became a thing of the past , people decided they liked the convenience of having a kitchen that was part of the house , and those houses that were nt originally built with kitchens , had one tacked on or inserted somewhere .
the thing about googling somebody , is that you get hits on all sorts of things .
the one thing i did nt know was the mans name .
the only nice thing about the room was a bouquet of flowers on the windowsill , and even they looked droopy and wilted .
after last weeks fiasco , i had considered staying in bed this week the last thing i wanted was for someone else to call me with another dead body but when the rubber met the road , i ended up going to the office after all .
the only thing missing was the lisp .
i was glad to see her go ; if there was one thing i did nt need , it was for brendas spirit to be summoned back to haunt the house .
for one thing , both usually smell funny .
that was one thing that i always thought was neat , cola before bed .
and the one funny thing about that was that corys dad , guy , actually looked a lot like deforest kelley , although cory , himself , did not .
that was one thing about steve .
that s one thing about birthdays at our house .
but there is one thing a man can never forget , something i will never forget : her eyes , her wildly captivating , hopelessly hypnotic , fathomless , flirtatious , blazing and beguiling ebony eyes .
the first thing i noticed was the smell : nice , i mean .
i tried smiling to defuse the sudden impact of her seeing three large men the first thing after opening the door .
i looked to carlos , remembering when he held the obsidian stone for himself and said that the only thing he saw was lilith .
and the rent , that was the almost impossible thing about this whole proposition .
` ` for one thing , i live here .
if there was one thing he had learned about his superior in the two years he had been working with him , it was that detective captain sylvester was intolerant of one thing in those who worked under him : tardiness .
he had felt the same thing a couple of nights before .
she did n't have much of a life , you know , and the only thing making this less than perfect is not being able to make it all up to her .
he was too familiar , for one thing .
the old lady in the garden , for one thing .
` ` only thing wrong was dan fulsom 's head .
normal was the last thing they saw as the car turned and entered the block .
the last thing i wanted from louisa brandon was her pity .
` ` that was the funny thing , sir .
her caring had been the only thing that had kept me alive after her husband had done his best to kill me .
i wanted to hate her for doing this to me , but the only thing i could feel for her was pity .
the thing is he wanted to be as great as his dad , and sometimes that drove him to ' create a break ' in a case . ''
i ' m not saying i screw every stranger who crosses my path , but the fun thing about such quick sex is you can be whoever you want to be in bed .
if there is one thing i can give to the douche bags of the world , they know what they are living for .
the thing is there ca n't be that many people who know about this . ''
` ` but one thing i do know is that you are very creative . ''
you 're the only thing left of him alive , do n't you dare fucking disappear . ''
` ` it 's amazing that the thing you remember most about that day is the terrible meal . ''
human , for one thing .
it was the thing you took for granted that tripped you up , after all .
thank god they had lau and reyes along ; he really had nt ever mastered this professional demeanor thing .
the thing is , if they d each just joined some club before it happened to them , they might not be in the computerized membership lists .
there s just one thing that , well , its not exactly a consistency , but its an echo .
and he had this thing about being left - handed .
he never slouched ; if there was one thing an officer left the army with , it was posture .
one thing you need to do is think positive , she reminded me before she hung up .
jack says that one thing that helps him in an investigation is to put himself inside the mind of the killer , i pondered .
one thing texas beer drinkers insist on is icy cold beer , summer or winter .
the smell of smoke , the smell of burning flesh , and blood , lots of blood was the first thing i noticed when i got there .
the last thing i heard was something about making something stronger before i lost consciousness .
its like a gps alert type of thing .
it was one thing to surround someone with shadows , but it was another thing when you re on the receiving end of it all .
the first thing chris noticed was how quiet the place was .
` ` what 's the most surprising thing about it to you , doc ?
` ` the only thing it makes me wonder is where his parents were when he was n't in school or home at night , '' pansy said tartly .
jean did that rca dog thing with her head .
he hated shots , and the only thing worse was mixing .
that was the last thing he would remember about that night , though it did nt end for three more hours .
it was just that not knowing thing again .
i still do nt get the billy squire thing ?
but the only thing he did nt want was a crepe .
make sure i have the money first thing . ''
its the last thing i m talking about because he really is the real deal wrapped up in a super hot package .
the quiet thing alone would have made her a social outcast like me and kyle , but she was also really pretty , so mostly people just let her be .
ariel had curled her hair , but she had the i - always - look - this - good - effortlessly thing going on .
ariel looked at me like i was an idiot , when you look like me , art is the last thing on any boys mind .
chapter 20 : homecoming the first thing i remember was thinking , did ethan really ask me to homecoming ?
he just did n't understand because of course , he did n't need to be worried , he was ethan ripley and used to the whole being popular thing .
the last thing i saw was my best friends smiling face .
the only times i get to ' go without ' is in places where there are so many guards with guns that my puny pistol would be the last thing on anyone 's threat analysis list .
i am willing to bet that my stories are the last thing that scott read . ''
the best thing about dinner with mom , other than the company , was leftovers .
last thing i needed was to lose a good employee from being overworked .
and it was nt the only thing i could feel on there .
her patience became a thing of the past and her appointment felt as though it was scheduled a century from now instead of three hours .
the first thing they noticed upon entering was a pleasing herbal scent .
try as she might , the only thing manda could see was a silhouetteno details possible .
i doubled over , and the only thing that kept me from falling flat on my face was the hold they had on my arms .
the only thing that distinguished him from the rest of the business world was the gun strapped into a shoulder harness .
greg : and another thing - the way he was talking to me just now .
only thing i am agreeing on is that you are being viper , i spat at him with contempt .
she s not wrong about one thing though , he said , looking at the board .
the only thing she would see was an incredible view of a renovated warehouse across the street .
i would not have chosen this line of work , but destiny is a funny thing .
but some- thing in his tone , the rambling nature of his questions , put her off the professor 's probing approach .
` ` the interesting thing about it was that they had been taking the disulfiram all week .
one thing that mystifies me she continued , ` ` is why your father would continue to swim there knowing about the recurrent fault . ''
it was too late though , dad had already seen the only thing being warmed by the coats were the booth .
in fact the only thing she heard all night was the crickets below her window .
the last thing she recalled him saying , as her head settled in to the pillow , was ` ` the kids are going back to salt lake with me , tomorrow . ''
` ` the last thing i want is to battle with a folklore , which could send everyone i bring in to work , off looking for gold ! ''
mostly , the only thing she saw was jim riding around in his rickety old truck .
` ` it 's really the only thing a person has in this life , you know .
` ` i feel the same thing , its like magic . ''
so she found other things to thinks about , with a house full of people , conversation was the last thing she was lacking for .
both felt , finding a man was the most important thing in life ; they were going to be a challenge .
she simple could n't come up with an answer for him , so the only thing she did was shake her head back and forth , biting her bottom lip .
he seemed to have thought about the possible reasons for chewters death , for one thing .
for one thing , she would nt dream you d suspect james of killing chewter i mean it is ridiculous but also she would nt want to make him look bad .
for one thing you began to question me in pairs , and it was always possible that i d been set up by you , for all i knew .
the thing is , james , it looks like she identified the body as her husband .
i wo nt be surprised if he s an overgrown child , not willing to take the blame for his own actions , that sort of thing , helford mused .
the last thing she remembered before falling into a dreamless sleep was wobbles snuggling up to her bare feet , purring loudly .
one thing that all humans know is that god can not lie ; he is truthful .
however , when he first walked in the only thing he found was an empty hollow cave .
when the winter months were over and the warm winds out of the south started to blow , it meant one thing and that was that the diggers would show up in montana .
it was one thing after another until he figured he had better get to sleep ; morning would be there before he knew it .
chapter 6 having a family is one thing that separates humans from angels .
the first thing that changed was the car .
i still felt nothing but it was the only thing left .
the main thing seems to be the degree of confidence one feels in responding to a reading .
i practiced a good part of the night and the only thing i learned was not to force .
one thing i understood : the inner pressure , the rage that drove the explosion of violence that cost jenny her life , that was uncontrolled , not held in check , but unleashed to wreak its evil .
the only interesting thing about the whole exercise was the trip there and back .
the last thing she wanted was to get into conversation with the driver .
in the mean time , i want both of you to think about one thing in the other person that you love and admire .
` ` it was about the only thing they had in common as far as i could tell , '' he snorted sardonically .
he has some thing of a complex about you , did n't you know ? ''
well , for one thing , it sounds like the beginning of a bad private eye novel .
that s the first thing we checked .
one thing , though , never changed .
one thing very few young people are ever full of is patience .
one thing about it , though , the folks inside knew , for sure , someone waited at the door .
tal might not have been able to quote quite so many academic references or fall back upon such a solid background in schooling if he had to write his own personal curriculum vitae , but one thing that tal knew was that knowledge is power .
it was an habitual problem with him , and if there was one thing above all others that he had gleaned from the tracking websites that he had visited the previous evening , it was the importance of keeping focused .
whether it was curiosity at the unusual noises or pure chance that caused the walker to halt in his tracks , but the view of sky that rob could see was momentarily blocked out as a figure passed across his field of vision , stopping directly outside his underground dungeon , and the next thing that rob knew was that the rock that sealed off the entrance to his prison was being rolled to one side .
well , that was the last thing i wanted , was nt it .
the first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was a vision of beauty : an indian goddess ; broad , beaming smile , white , shining teeth , and big brown eyes , glistening black hair encircling the round face .
his faith in his captors promise had been the only thing that had sustained him during the darkest points of his entombment , and now , even at the moment of his release , the realization that his jailer had had no intention of honouring his pledge to have him freed struck him like a hammer blow ; as much a shattering attack to his mental security , as the degradation of his confinement had been to his physical well - being .
art remembered the concerned , caring expression on the face of the young indian woman ; the first thing he had seen when he had woken in his hospital bed .
the last thing you remember was seeing the horses startled head fly through your windscreen before you woke up in hospital .
like them , he is dressed completely in white , the only thing that makes him visible is the blackness of his hair , and his beard .
the closest thing to a girlfriend that i had is a traitor .
in our world , you are guilty of just one thing . ''
one thing mishok knew how to do was wait .
and , at that moment in my life , unkind eyes were the last thing i needed .
my hunch , which seems to be the only thing i have in my corner right now , is that mishoks followers did not get together in congregations or groups and drive up to his jewelry store , walk through the double doors into hell .
one thing he did nt learn was how to take the sweet boys up his ass .
one good thing about this weirdo kid was his money .
tal , a gun is the last thing you need .
the only thing he found was anchulas wallet and keys which he put in his own jacket pocket .
that it was wooden and not stone was the only thing that saved him from a broken hand .
she should have given it to him first thing , but had forgotten about it until this moment .
that trust and loyalty were not the same thing was something cadwaladr had never understood .
the first thing that hits you is the heat .
the only thing ian seemed to collect was losing betting slips which were always scrunched up and tossed on the floor of the bookmakers as yet another horse , football team or dog failed to win , obviously due to the massive pressure of knowing ian had thrown 5 on it to actually do well .
you know the routine ; you are in the spare roomand another thing what s that dear ?
london is a crazy place , nothing surprises me any more , in fact the only thing that would surprise me is if we managed to get through a weekend without a stabbing , murder , drug incident , fighting , robbery and all the other mad stuff that we can never seem to control .
there s supposed to be this code of silence thing going on , like in libraries you re meant to nod like you care and look all shocked and say things like , and how did you feel , when you d eaten the entire turkey before your guests had arrived ?
in tomorrows paper : the last thing i want to see is those bloody awful masks ... * * * * * http : //callmechiara.blogspot.com/ fancy - dress fantasy posted by chiara on october 07 , 2010 predictably , our first session did nt go well .
so i go to bed too , and prop the picture of my parents and estella dulac up on the dressing table , only just as i m getting into bed i think the last thing i want to see when i wake up is those bloody awful masks , so instead i flop it face down and put a bottle of complementary body lotion on top but that does nt stop them getting out , and all i dream about that night is being chased by the wooden goblins and marrakech is long gone .
there were things to do ; she had to contact the police for one thing .
` ` but one thing it has made me realise that i have never told you how much i need you .
if there was one thing he could do well , it was his ability to run fast , a craft that he learned as a competitor on his college track team .
this view of the downtrodden was about the only thing that he had noticed so far that paris had in common with the states .
` ` spare me the righteous condemnation , when are you going to learn that everyone in this world is out for themselves ; there 's no such thing as dying for honor or ideology anymore .
love was one thing , business another .
eating his morning mush , the last thing henry could have imagined was being on an afternoon train headed north .
he knew that the only thing that held this brilliant man back from achieving even greater things was the color of his skin .
the one thing archie wanted to avoid his first day back was tafts obsession with roosevelt .
instinct was the only thing left in the boy , and it was with pure survival instinct that henry grabbed onto the side of the crate and maneuvered back into water torrent , letting the pressure thrust him to the narrow , jagged opening that the water was being forced through .
i miss my dad , and the car was just one thing i was holding on too .
that would work except for one thing .
the interesting thing was how forthcoming everyone was with information .
but one thing about solitude is you have lots of time to think .
the last thing she would be prepared to handle is a cornered desperate man .
when he arrived at the home of michael mainheart the first thing charlie noticed was that no one noticed him .
since the only thing about the hellhounds that he could be sure of was that they would go anywhere he took sophie , he brought them along on their trip to the san francisco zoo , and left them locked in the van with the engine running and a shop - vac hose run from the exhaust pipe through the vent window .
the thing is she 's wonderful .
the thing is , koromantyns tend to be intractable .
but the main thing , the one thing ye must have , is the liver of a fugu fish . '
they starve , for one thing .
but the main thing , the one thing ye must have , is the liver of a fugu fish ...
not quite as nice as being held in hunter 's arms , but the next best thing .
the only thing anyone at bad would see when they came online was hunter with a blank wall behind him .
that had been the only thing stopping her from indulging in the shower sooner .
the only thing stopping him ?
` ` only thing i 'll regret is not having planned enough time to take you right here in the office . ''
the only thing missing was her smile .
one thing he 'd noticed all day , the people in nashville were nothing if not friendly .
and that was the one thing she truly hated most about herself .
but tellme < br/ > yeah , and he was three feet tall and green.one thing steele had learned as a sniper , the brass could and would change plans at a moment 's notice for absolutely no reason at all .
the last thing i want to be is some guy 's doormat . ''
he smiled at the sound of the rough , deep voice of the man who 'd been the closest thing to a father steele had ever known .
the last thing she wanted was to see him hurt any more .
` ` you 're a surprising little thing . ''
one thing bad had taught her was that rules had to be bent occasionally for the greater good .
she felt his loss deeply , and the last thing she wanted was for him to be hurt anymore .
one thing in life i hate is a lying a**hole , so i made sure they did what they were supposed to .
it 's a funny thing , getting old .
for one thing , billy anderson was no moose like big klew ; more of a ballet dancer .
this is one thing i do n't understand about fans and never will .
khakis , collared shirts , loafers without socks - the only thing missing was a sweater tied around their necks .
the girl 's hairstyle had been in vogue maybe fifteen , twenty years ago , but the first thing you noticed was her smile - big and wide , pure dynamite , the kind of smile that rips into a parent 's heart .
one thing we had in common , neither of us believed in an afterlife .
the first thing you noticed about christa - the one thing you could n't help but notice , really - were the thick , red scars that crisscrossed her face .
the first thing you noticed about christa - the one thing you could n't help but notice , really - were the thick , red scars that crisscrossed her face .
funny thing is , her nickname is ' hand job ' hanover .
one thing i admired about cats was their focus ; i 'd never had a pet as i was growing up , so observing madeleine had been an education for me ( one i sometimes felt i could have done without ) .
well , the floor being clear was the main thing .
he had one hand extended , resting on the roof of his car , and that seemed to be the main thing holding him up .
` ` the only thing bothering me is you so far away . ''
that was the thing when you are married a long time .
the thing is , yasmin has a little facial hair .
adam was one thing .
it was all so damn fragile , that was the thing .
` ` well , '' clarence said , stroking his chin , ` ` that 's the funny thing . ''
he normally had the cop - calm thing going on , like when they 'd met up in front of his house the night before .
many things about being a teacher had changed over the years , including the replacement of green chalkboards with those new erasable white ones , but joe had insisted on keeping this hold - over from the previous generations .
it was a heady thing for a parent to realize - the son saving the father .
for one thing , snooping had helped them realize that adam was in over his head .
` ` the last thing i need .
that was the thing with kids .
his head was in mid - turn for one thing .
the last thing rocky saw - the last thing he would ever see - was eric wu 's face , calm and serene , as he placed his hands under rocky 's rib cage .
the last thing she remembered was studying for a political science final she 'd taken five days earlier .
jack could n't speak freely for one thing .
max had that near - tears thing going on , having lost several of his yu - gi - oh !
for one thing , he was alone .
` ` thing is , this universal balancing act - does it stretch across generations ? ''
that was the number one thing here .
my mind flashed to the caribbean island , but mostly it flashed - let 's be honest here - to the thing that truly defined us : the soul - piercing sex .
time was doing the in ' n ' out thing .
` ` for one thing , you 're not in london . ''
esperanza had very dark hair , black - blue , that always had that just - mussed thing going on .
it 's probably the only thing that 's a bit odd .
if there was one thing jonasson felt sure about her , it was that she was certainly not manipulative .
the one conspicuous thing about him was that he had licences for no fewer than sixteen weapons .
the only pleasant thing about the place was the view .
it was tough enough trying to bounce back from reconstructive knee surgery at his age ... the last thing he needed was this mystery stomach ailment ...
` ` for one thing , swinster noted that the handwriting was unusually shaky .
he had not cried a single tear since harvey and eric had told them the news two hours ago , and somehow his lack of response was the most terrifying thing .
for one thing , he was a heroin addict . ''
the funny thing is bill still loves them like mad .
she tried to recall what he had said , but the only thing she could remember him saying was ` ` me , i , me , i , me , i . ''
in fact , the murder victims all had one thing in common they were patients at the clinic we have been discussing tonight . ''
` ` your walk , for one thing .
the first thing that hit him was the odor .
the thing about margo roth spiegelman is that really all i could ever do was let her talk , and then when she stopped talking encourage her to go on , due to the facts that 1 .
the thing about jason 's house is they have this crazy good security system .
the only thing worse than getting rejected at dance school is crying about getting rejected at dance school , and the only thing worse than that is going to the dance teacher and saying through your tears , ` ` the girls are saying no to me and they 're not supposedtuh . ''
the thing about these balloons is that there are so goddamned many of them .
and you feel bad for this kid , because the only thing worse than the skyful of balloons you see is what he sees : a clear blue day interrupted by just the one balloon .
and i 'll tell you why : i have this thing that makes me really uninterested in prom shoes .
the thing is that the poem starts out really slowly - it 's just sort of a long introduction , but around the ninetieth line , whitman finally starts to tell a bit of a story , and that 's where it picked up for me .
` ` the thing about that guy is a gigolo , '' radar says , ` ` i mean , the thing about it as a game , is that in the end it reveals a lot more about the person doing the imagining than it does about the person being imagined . ''
and here 's the thing about tinted windows : the light still gets through .
though darcy had a wonderful body , it was the only thing about him that i found remotely interesting , and that was n't enough basis for an evening together .
the most interesting thing about the view this morning was deedra 's beautiful red taurus in the parking lot , halfway out of its stall .
for one thing , she 's all too likely to be interrupted in any free time she might manage .
but then , about a week ago , he called me into his office first thing in the morning to tell me to avoid you , that he thought you were in on something . ''
the cops were there by then , for one thing . ''
now , i say , you know that pity is the last thing i feel for you . ''
for one thing , hitting was a terrible insult to the one you loved .
carla 's blackbird voice , hushed with shock ... . was a body , and the whiteness of it was the first thing i noticed , the whiteness of the chest and arms and face .
personal exchanges with near strangers in public places are just not my thing , even though i knew i was being a pill .
a small sampling of men , the ones that are sick , are turned on by that very same thing .
the big thing about fear , i reminded myself , is not to show it .
for one thing , i reflected as i wiped the cabinets in the bathroom , alvah has such limited interests that cleaning is one of her few outlets for self - expression .
` ` and you never tell ; that 's the nice thing about you . ''
for one thing , it revealed unexpected depths in one of the people i saw often - for i did n't think it possible that the killer could be someone other than an apartment resident .
the last thing i needed was to catch a bug here .
that 's the thing with cleaning people 's homes ; you absorb a lot of information with that cleaning .
` ` that 's the only thing i have in common with choke anson .
the only thing that existed was the moment we shared .
the sad thing about sylvie was that she actually meant every word .
deep down i knew i had to get him out of my system as fast as i could , but the thing with love is , you can not choose who you fall for .
trust was the only thing left to give freely .
the first thing i noticed was the light streaming in through the windows .
the first thing i noticed about him was the tailored black designer suit ; the second was the confidence in his eyes .
i ' m not saying texas is better - i just prefer it due to its weather , good schools , the best steaks in the world , low crime , the high employment rate , to name just a few thing . ''
my sister was one thing .
the only thing missing is courage . ''
` ` the only thing i need to unlock is you . ''
the last thing we needed was our dna prints or fluids scattered all over the place .
` ` i want to keep all my happy memories with you , because they 're the only thing that remain of the past , but i do n't know how . ''
the thing that always surprises me - always - is that most of these pregnancies are not accidental .
the wooden bat , for one thing , if the blood on it was indeed mine .
` ` for one thing , we have to assume the feds are watching his every step .
the last thing they needed to see was someone 's smiling grandkids .
for one thing , there were the listening devices in dr . beck 's home .
` ` for one thing , '' i said , ` ` she needs a walk . ''
` ` the good thing about being a famous model is that you can call anyone and they 'll talk to you .
the last thing bjurman noticed was his hands .
the thing is that a girl like that does n't have any choice .
` ` files are one thing .
for one thing , all the clothes in the wardrobe were the wrong size for her . ''
the first thing he saw was a pair of black boots .
the only thing he found was his own mobile number .
the thing was , we got plenty of good information out of zalachenko .
but the funny thing was , he kept assuming the defensive position with his fists and circled around as if he were a boxer .
if there was one thing that zalachenko had drummed into him , it was always to retain the ability to walk away , without sentimentality , from a situation that felt unmanageable .
the last thing he thought about before he fell asleep was that he was going to run a high risk of going stir - crazy in hedeby .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , it 's never engage in a fight you 're sure to lose .
` ` one thing that tickles me about the vanger family is that you all have such low opinions of each other . ''
that 's the great thing about it .
do n't you see that he might be up there dying , and that the very last thing he needs is to get upset again and be filled with false hopes and ... '' ` ` it may be a hobby for henrik , but there is now more material to go on than anyone has had to work with in a very long time .
he had no idea how he could explain it to her without lying , and if there was one thing he had never thought of doing , it was lying to erika berger .
` ` for one thing , '' myron said , ` ` i ' m feeling particularly charming . ''
bitterness was the only thing left .
guilt was a funny thing .
there was the recent tragedy , for one thing .
` ` so - and again , do n't take this personally- '' ` ` but it 's that penis thing again . ''
like esperanza 's silence , for one thing .
` ` hell of a thing with esperanza . ''
` ` you concentrated on one thing and one thing only : getting clu in your grasp .
matt had always disdained that old cliche about a smile lighting up a room , but olivia could actually do that- had that whole ` ` turn the world on with her smile '' thing going on .
that was a physical thing , of course , no more a true reflection on her personality than being short or scarred .
if prison teaches you one thing , it 's how to deaden yourself .
that was another thing about having cell phones .
he had said it himself , to fit in at first , but it became less repulsive as time went on , which of course was the most repulsive thing of all .
her hair had that carefully mussed thing going on .
but when you traveled this section of the gsp , the other thing you noticed- maybe even more than the old water tank- was the sprawling cemetery on both sides of the road .
the photographs would add one thing more : motive .
he had that whole old world , came - over - on - the - mayflower thing going on , what with the receding ash - blond hair , the high cheekbones , the eyes so ice blue she wondered if he was wearing contacts .
for one thing , both talley and darrow lived in the reno area .
she was pregnant , for one thing .
but the thing olivia could not get over , the thing that was really making the tears waterfall down her cheeks , was the look on matt 's face when she told him the truth .
and the thing is , they always have an answer .
the same thing kept troubling him .
you , general , are one thing .
the first thing he saw was the shimmer of gold .
the last thing he recalled before succumbing to unconsciousness was droopy shoving the inspector aside , saying it was his turn .
public attention was one thing hayes did not need .
maks thought of objecting but it would show weakness , and that was the last thing he wanted to demonstrate before these men .
one thing his father had always done was make sure both blacks and whites never forgot that past .
and that was the thing about this act .
i ' m trying to find out his real name , for one thing . ''
` ` she 's grieving , for one thing .
` ` one other thing i remember about him , '' she said .
there was some thing fierce in her movements , as if the air itself better make way .
` ` so fear - not love , not wedding vows , not commitment - is the only thing keeping him honest .
i actually did that thing when you wonder if you 're dreaming .
i thought about my jane , how brave she was , how the only thing that really scared her , terrified her , was being alone in a hospital room .
for one thing , there was n't room for our combined libraries of true and fictional crime .
the only thing it would be better if he did is if he were a licensed electrician .
we had one thing in common .
particularly alert at this moment was gage 's sixth sense - that vague , indefinable thing his teammates liked to call his frog vision .
she was being disrespectful , and if there was one thing lieutenant commander joseph quinn had harped on her entire life it was respect .
it was one of the things that set the lab apart from publicly funded crime labs around the country .
` ` do you ever wonder how your life might be different if you could go back and change just one thing ? ''
` ` same thing dylan was probably looking at when he was up here with his zoom lens . ''
the warmth of his body was the only comforting thing in her universe right now .
the pain was the only thing she knew and then the world faded to black .
but one thing i ' ve always been good at is knowing what i want .
for one thing , he did n't like the brutal zannino , who was capable of hugging you one moment and blowing your brains out the next .
for one thing , he was well read , having used his decade in prison to focus on world war ii military history , searching for the flaws that had brought down generals .
for one thing , he shouted and could be heard over the incessant radio .
we 're every fuckin ' thing , '' said angiulo , warming to his own argument .
as angiulo surveyed his ebbing domain , he noticed one small thing .
travis abby abernathy was famous for one thing : having no tell .
that was the only thing that made the guilt bearable .
the only thing that seemed to hold him back was my begging for him not to leave me alone , and knowing trent would be charged with misleading an investigation .
` ` what is his favorite thing about you ? ''
what do you think abby 's favorite thing about you is ? ''
` ` um ... my favorite thing about him is the way he always touches me when we sit together , but i bet he said his tats . ''
it was the best thing i 'd felt in three days , since i 'd hugged her good - bye .
` ` there 's no such thing as second chances , huh ? ''
the more lo pulls away , the more i turn to sex , the only thing i can reach for .
` ` we 're terrible at so many things - remembering important dates , college , making friends - but the one thing we ' ve always been halfway decent at is being together .
the only thing that takes my mind off of it is sex .
but ryke meadows is many things - uncaring is definitely not one of them .
she 's the only good thing in my life .
to give you head , i mean , '' i say one of the most unladylike phrases i ' ve ever used , but the last thing i care about right now is sophistication .
` ` the last thing i want to discuss are fears .
your relationship with her was the only redeeming thing .
if there 's one thing i ' m good at , it 's speaking my f**king mind .
now , since i ' m not even allowed to be on top ( lest i become too compulsive ) giving head is really the only thing that makes me feel in control .
` ` the only thing deviant is what that psychiatrist is putting you through .
` ` the ... unwavering thing .
it was my favorite thing about you . ''
my heart hammers so hard that the only thing i hear is the pulsing in my ears .
sex was the last thing on my mind tonight .
because at the end of the day , we were the only thing that mattered to each other .
mostly because my sister does n't seem to think it 's that awkward , and the last thing i want is to embarrass her or treat her like a child .
lo hates them , and the last thing i need is for him to declare his undying love with something he dislikes .
now he had the clubs , and most of the time they were the only thing that mattered .
the closest thing she had found was with alexa .
it was her favorite thing about this place .
the only thing holding her up was her hand around his neck , one foot pressed into the edge of the pool , and his hand gripping her wrist .
yet , here they were all feeling the same thing in varying degrees of obsession .
it was the only thing that explained how this was coming so far out of left field .
the only thing she could control was where she would go from here .
the last thing she wanted to be seen as in the firm was the girl who could n't hack it .
and really , at this point , the last thing lexi wanted was for chyna to slap her .
while you do n't know my past , the first thing you should know is that i avoid commitment at all costs . ''
the only thing she cared about was herself .
the only thing that would identify her as out of sorts was she had pulled most of her dark brown hair into a messy bun at the back of her head earlier that day , and it had fallen out with loose tendrils framing her face .
the only thing missing had been the million - dollar dress .
in that moment , the last thing she wanted was to hear something that was going to tear her apart .
i just think that the one thing you have n't changed is running from the things you want .
a hotel probably would be the better option , but the last thing she wanted was to be alone tonight .
his touch is the only thing that matters .
the strange thing is , no matter how little i eat , my body still has the energy to run .
the only thing i ' ve had to eat was a protein bar this morning .
the last thing i need is for charley to board right as one of them is trying to sink their claws into me .
by that point , i was the only thing he had left to live for .
his laugh was the first thing i let myself remember .
` ` it 's the only thing that wakes me up . ''
if there was one thing he was n't going to get much of on this tour , it was alone time .
he had broken the one true thing , the only thing that mattered to him .
she made me feel like a cheating whore - bag out to steal her man , the very last thing i am .
he 's kissing me like he 's a starving man and i ' m the only thing he craves .
the last thing i need is some woman twisting up my insides .
since her high school graduation , like some sort of pervert , considering i have a solid four years on her and the last thing i should ' ve been doing was wondering if she could possibly be nak*d beneath her ceremony gown .
the last thing he ever wants to talk about is his dad or his mom .
the last thing i want from her is sympathy .
not beyond the push - pull - we - hate - each - other - maybe - we - should - tear - each - other's - clothes - off thing we ' ve been suffering through for years .
she is the last thing i need to think of while i ' m talking to her brother .
` ` but it 'll have to be first thing .
she feels f**king amazing , surrounding me , all over me until she 's the only thing i can see , hear , smell , taste .
that 's the only thing making me anxious .
the last thing we need is to be at the bakery alone again .
the last thing you want is for someone to point out fabulously wealthy and handsome logan hawkings and his thrift store girlfriend .
he mentally sized up the asking price , tallying all the things that would make it a prize - the luxurious decor , the reputation of the prior owner , the fact that it was a historical building , and the number one thing that always made his interest perk : location .
he mentally sized up the asking price , tallying all the things that would make it a prize - the luxurious decor , the reputation of the prior owner , the fact that it was a historical building , and the number one thing that always made his interest perk : location .
you 're the only thing that matters .
the good thing about money was that it allowed you to take control of almost any situation , and hunter definitely planned on using what he had to his advantage .
the only thing that was n't perfect was his face .
the only thing she could see was a clean , crisp profile .
the most surprising thing to her was that hunter 's desk faced the far wall ... and an enormous mirror .
the drugs were the only thing that made it worth it .
if there was one thing audrey did n't like , it was feeling helpless .
the only thing damaged on hunter was his damn pride .
you got into trouble a lot less when you were the good twin , and if there was one thing audrey hated , it was being in trouble .
the last thing cade needed was more stress .
the last thing they needed was to feel abandoned by their mother .
he 'd grabbed a clue and stopped calling , another thing to add to his irritation load today .
one thing he liked about luke was that he would n't press him until will was ready to talk about whatever it was that bothered him .
the one thing about small towns was you could n't escape running into someone you knew .
that was another thing that wigged luanne out about small towns .
another thing i happen to like about you . ''
the last thing i want is to owe someone else .
since it was going to be the only thing warming her up that night .
but there was such a thing as being too honest , so she kept her thoughts to herself .
` ` yeah , she 's got this motherly - protective thing over us .
this was yet another thing that made evie and i so compatible , she and i both understood the importance of personal time and space .
` ` my feet were n't the only thing getting wet . ''
of course , he has the whole tattooed , bad boy image thing going which just enhances the excitement of it all .
it was the one thing that i shared with him that none of his other girls did .
it was up to him to contact me ; the last thing i wanted to come off as was clingy or desperate .
` ` the intriguing thing about the myth of eros and psyche is that it 's not only a story about their love for each other , which of course is the prominent theme , but it also emphasizes psyche 's personal growth and self - discovery .
mason 's touch was the only thing that made me feel better , and damn it , i deserved to feel better .
i knew that we had to talk about things ; honesty was the only thing that could make this work .
she responded with the same vigor and i knew that she wanted the same thing i did .
i felt guilty that mase was n't looking forward to the move like they were ; i knew that our relationship was the only thing holding him back .
sure , relationships like that did n't exist in the real world , at least not in my world , but that was the great thing about fictional books ~ they were meant to be an escape from reality .
` ` watching you cum is the sexiest thing in this universe , butterfly . ''
the last thing i remembered before passing out was the opening and closing of the bathroom door .
the only thing that mattered was that it was perfect .
he turned to look at me and raised his eyebrows , waiting for my response the one bad thing about us knowing each other so well was he that he knew exactly what i meant when i asked something like that .
chapter one stubborn love ~ the lumineers i try ~ macy gray mason her voice was the first thing i remembered hearing as i pulled through the fogginess that weighed heavy on me physically and mentally .
i did n't want either my brother or nazi nurse to intimidate her , and the last thing i wanted was her away from me .
that was the thing i had discovered about rehab right off the bat .
even though we had just been grocery shopping , the last thing i felt like doing was cooking or dirtying up the kitchen , so i just ordered some pizza and wings for us , which we both ate in the privacy of our own bedrooms .
the only thing that mattered was that he was gone .
epilogue ~ six years later come to me ~ goo goo dolls scarlett one thing that i ' ve learned about life in my short time here is that it never goes as planned .
the one thing misty was good at was making me forget everyone and everything .
` ` that 's about the only thing appealing about him - his damn name . ''
that was the one thing i loved about mike being ... '' kevin stopped talking as he looked away and then back at me .
the first thing i noticed was the oversized tub surrounded by sandstone rock .
now , it did nothing to me , not a damn thing .
the only thing i care about is you . ''
the last thing i want to do is hurt her . ''
the only thing she had on was her panties .
i never scowled , so it was a new thing that i reserved just for him .
` ` wanting harlow is one thing .
the true concern in her eyes was the only thing keeping me from laughing out loud .
suddenly , sleep was the last thing on my mind .
if there one was thing about harlow that drove me nuts , it was her one - word answers , like ` ` okay , '' when i wanted a few lengthy sentences .
there is only one thing i miss about saltwater and it 's the smell .
if there 's one thing i know about my mother , it 's that she can do just about anything that normal people would shy away from .
that 's another thing about small towns .
that 's another thing i miss .
well , it 's more than one thing .
it was her voice , it was the thing i remembered most clearly .
that was one nice thing about math - nobody expected you to love the limelight .
as grateful as i am for dee , for everything she has done for me , it 's moments like this when the only thing that can make me feel safe is being held tight in greg 's strong arms .
they do that weird man hug thing and exchange a few words , glancing back a few times at dee and me .
but , yesterday the last thing i thought was that iz could possibly be one and the same , isabelle west .
dee 's reassuring words are the last thing i hear before i fall into a restless sleep , hoping for some peace to be found .
it 's a funny thing , the dreams of an innocent teen ; you never know when you 're planning them that you are planning nightmares instead .
take a look at me , my height is n't the only thing that f**king grew since you ran off . ''
livid , that would be the first thing i felt .
her raw desperation is the only thing that keeps me from fighting her on this .
the last thing i want is for brandon and axel to be around each other .
` ` it was n't your decision to make , g. it was mine and by forcing my hand you took my control , the one thing i have fought to regain in my life .
every single thing we ever felt for each other , it is still there izzy and i wo n't let you push me away .
every single delectable thing about it , if you know what i mean .
her laughter is the last thing i hear before she disconnects .
` ` love you too sweet child '' i hang up and the only thing i can think of is how lovely my twin bed will feel when i crash into it .
jealousy is a new thing for me .
one thing i love about being so tall , no one will ever look down on me .
one thing about jeremy , he 's a ' roll with the flow ' kind of guy , but he hates to be dragged into drama .
one thing i have learned is you never hide who you are .
chapter 12 the last thing i want to deal with after what could possibly be the best f**king sex i have ever had in my life is crazy mandy .
the last thing i need when dealing with mandy and her crazy is a goddamn hard on .
apparently , when i told her that the only thing she ever was to me was a number in my phone , i was n't clear enough .
the only thing that is keeping me going right now is the thought that cohen will be in my arms soon .
the first thing i notice when we burst through the door is the smell .
funny thing about these masks that people put on .
i ' m near her , and the only thing i want is to claim her , make her mine , and let everyone around us know .
i went through the motions , and acted like everything was okay when everyone was around , but the second i was alone , and the webs of my depression weaved their way around me in a cocoon tight enough to suffocate me , the only thing i wanted was for it to all just stop .
last thing i need is to look like some creepy , old man getting hard on at a four - year - old 's birthday party .
for everything i ' ve put us through , the only thing he cares about is that i ' m okay , even if he is n't the one that 's making it possible for me to be that way i do n't deserve him .
i mean every single thing about you .
knowing that he was probably just as upset as the rest of us was the only thing that kept me from lashing out .
one thing with sway , when things are starting to press in around you and your mood is as close to shit as it can get , sway always makes the world a little bit brighter .
i grab her cold hand and offer her the only thing i can , my strength .
the only thing keeping me from breaking down is knowing that i need to stay strong for dee right now .
i should be worried about myself right now , but the only thing i can think of is asher .
the thing about my mom is that she really does .
it was the only thing that kept my head above water when i felt i was drowning .
the only thing that had n't changed in my life .
` ` that 's what i told her , '' jude said , ` ` but the thing i ' ve learned about lucy in the few hours we ' ve spent together is that she 's the kind of person who does n't let anyone make up her mind for her . ''
jude 's broad back was the only thing saving me from another eye raping by stocky boy .
opening my eyes , the first thing i saw was vince 's face eclipsing from domination to dread , right before something small nailed him straight between the eyes .
the only thing worse than not having a date for homecoming would be having sawyer as a date .
i did n't realize you two had a friends with benefits thing going on . ''
everyone had stopped to stare at the three of us , but the only thing i was focused on was jude .
` ` something is definitely going on with you two , and the only thing i ' m more certain about than that is it 's not just a friend relationship . ''
the closest thing , save for jude , was her boney , sneering little face .
the whole jude - doesn't - deserve - anything - but - pile - after - pile - of - shit thing was wearing on my last nerve .
my heart did the sputter to a stop thing .
the only thing that made his room cleaner than the rest of the house was the lack of girly cardboard cutouts decorating the floor .
our looks were n't the only thing similar about the two of us - our personalities were so similar she often said the exact thing i was about to .
` ` the first thing jude will see is you when he comes through that door . ''
shaking his head , the first thing he noticed was the bottle he was clutching .
but the only thing i really noticed was the man watching me , keeping some emotion that was so intense i could feel it coming off of him in waves contained beneath the surface .
he asked , his face doing that tortured thing when he was either pouting , lonely , or hav**g s*x delayed .
i was determined i would , though , and if i 'd learned one thing in life , it was that lucy larson 's stubborn resolve often got what it wanted .
the only thing i cared about was the guy running at breakneck speed and getting his arms around me .
jude 's body running the length of mine was the only thing familiar about this truck .
the first thing i saw was his eyes .
i did n't have a clue , but it was n't the only thing over - the - top about this place .
now the only thing that sounded good was him .
if there was one thing i could get used to in southern california ?
the only thing i knew was that the end result was never a good one .
i had a half hour before eight , and i knew the only thing worse than showing up for the first day under- or overdressed was being late .
the thing was , i was n't in a talking mood .
holly 's face did the confusion thing before she noticed what was in jude 's hand .
as i watched them , i felt the same thing .
not to mention the last thing she should be doing right now was screaming along with a bunch of shaken dirty fans while fantasizing about the lead singer of her brother 's band .
the last thing she needed was to walk into the middle of that .
the last thing she remembered was downing three shots of tequila in a row .
rumors of drug addiction were the last thing shaken dirty wanted right now .
partly because the apples she 'd brought from home were pretty much the only thing she had to work with and partly because she 'd seen the darkness in his eyes the night before and she 'd wanted to lighten it , even for a few moments .
because no matter how much he wanted her , the last thing jamison needed was to get stuck with him and all his f**ked - up baggage .
the last thing she wanted him to know was how uncomfortable it made her to have him tagging along with her .
the only thing that kept her quiet was the knowledge that he would finish things - finish her - if he realized just how torturous his attentions were becoming for her .
ryder leaned forward , pressing himself against her until the strength of his chest and shoulders was the only thing keeping her upright .
the only thing i can see is his chest .
the thing that 's the most striking about him is n't the awesome hair , the chiseled features , or his radiant blue gaze - it 's that smile .
then again , the despondent , emotionally disconnected thing seems to be a ferro trait .
the only thing we were missing was you .
the one thing he wanted to give her before she dies is you .
the only thing left is this thought that continues to grow darker and darker .
the thing is , once something bad happens , there 's no way to undo it .
the thing is , there are n't that many of them .
her eyebrows are doing this weird thing where one is up and the other is down .
` ` you ' ve got this naturally annoying thing going on .
` ` coordination 's not my thing . ''
the only thing in my head is the pounding of my heart and the rush of air filling my lungs .
blurring your judgment , consuming your soul until it 's the only thing you can see , hear or think about ?
the last thing i want is to be social .
the only thing i can completely control is me and my reaction to my life .
his pain is like a living , breathing thing and i wish i could take it all away .
funny thing is , i have n't a clue .
the thing that people saw when they looked at me , the thing that made them look away and cross to the other side of the street .
the thing that people saw when they looked at me , the thing that made them look away and cross to the other side of the street .
another thing i learned at carter .
the other thing i noticed about him was the effortless smile that spread across his face .
that was another good thing about simon .
the thing i liked about running was that it gave me the same masochistic thrill as anything else , but it was more socially acceptable , and even encouraged .
she had that ke $ ha thing going on .
i ' m sorry my sister is being a psycho , but that 's sort of her thing . ''
` ` there will always be this thing between us .
` ` i wish you did n't feel that way , but the fact that you feel such loyalty is another thing that makes me want you . ''
in fact , the only thing keeping me from not exploding was charlotte 's hand in mine .
you 're the only thing keeping me from not going nuts right now . ''
the thing about zack is that he 's incapable of taking responsibility for his own actions .
` ` we 're not a thing , '' katie said , nearly jabbing me in the eye with the eyeliner .
the last thing i needed in my life was another guy .
they have that creepy twin thing , '' i said as i worked on replacing the clutch zan had burned out while learning how to drive a standard on will 's truck .
the only thing that bothered me about our arrangement was the fact that he 'd started giving me his opinion .
she was completely and totally running away from her problems , but that seemed to be her thing , and i was n't going to tell her what to do .
` ` if there 's one thing that will does n't want to know about , it 's other people 's relationship drama , so no worries .
he did that jaw - clench thing that made his face even more attractive .
the only thing you can control is how you respond to it .
` ` the other thing i see , every goddamn night , is his shoe .
i frown , realizing he 's doing the thing where he avoids something that makes him uncomfortable but does n't want to let on .
up until that point , kissing him was just ... sweet and perfect and all the things i needed to forget .
she 's kyle 's best friend , for one thing .
for one thing , i ' m only allowed to do schoolwork and football .
` ` i ' m scared it 's , like , a hereditary thing .
` ` well , '' i said , ` ` i tend to get cranky , that 's the first thing .
this was the only thing , the best thing she could give him .
guy has no children , and he 's the closest thing i have to a father .
that 's the thing about women .
last thing i want is a front row seat to the dismissing of his overnight guest .
that 's the last thing i have .
the last thing she needs is her raging boyfriend climbing the f**king walls like a caged animal .
greatest thing about working with guys , they never ask too many questions .
the last thing any of us need is some chick in here kissing ass .
next to fighting , the room is the only thing that helps me decompress .
but there 's one thing i know about girls like miss moorehead - they 're more chore than whore .
the last thing i want is to expose my insecurities .
he holds my hand to his chest , the folded tees being the only thing keeping me from flattening my palm against the heat of his body .
and the last thing i need is to be picking up the pieces of some other guy 's mess .
that 's the type of thing i told myself i 'd stop noticing about him .
it 's taken every damn thing i have not to pound my patio furniture into kindling .
not cool that she 's as f**king mouth - watering as she is , but also every single thing i told myself to stay away from .
but if there is one thing i ' m sure of , more sure of than my own name , it 's that in this moment nothing could drag me away .
you 're doing that ... '' -she rolls her hand and wiggles her fingers in the air- '' fidgety thing you do . ''
the only thing that that means anything is lying beneath me , eyes closed , and a soft smile , on her lips .
best thing you have to offer is what 's between your legs .
the last thing i remember is watching tv , my head resting on blake 's lap while his fingers sifted through my hair .
the last thing this girl needs in her life is another man she ca n't trust .
the one thing he has left .
guilt is the one thing i ca n't let you live with , baby .
` ` a man once told me that guilt was the one thing he would n't let me live with , yet i can see it on your face .
the last thing she needed to see in his eyes was more panic .
it was the only thing that kept him going - that she needed him .
the last thing he needed weighing him down was worry for her .
if mike and julie spoke up , i 'd have lost you , and you were the only thing in my life that kept me going . ''
her head cracked hard against the table as she went down ; the bright burst of pain was the last thing she felt before blackness overwhelmed her .
the last thing she wanted was to talk to a peppy stewardess .
` ` best thing on the menu , '' he told her , refilling her water .
the last thing they wanted was to explain why they were laughing so hard so early in the morning .
adrenaline was the only thing fueling her on .
she was glad he had awoken her , but after that dream , the smell of alcohol was the last thing she wanted to wake up to .
he had violated her trust , the one thing she had given over to him completely without him ever having to ask .
once hadley had regained consciousness , the last thing she wanted was to be in the hospital for any longer than necessary .
being with brennan was the only thing that had allowed her to forget her old life .
the last thing she wanted was to confront reid with an addled mind or accidentally slip and say something she should n't while drunk .
the last thing she wanted was to see another one of her nightmares .
he was the only thing that had kept her going through the entire ordeal with reid .
he always kept his jet black hair perfectly combed , and his dark brown eyes reminded me of my one favorite thing in the world , chocolate .
one thing about peyton is her personality , its way bigger than her 5'2 '' , size 0 body .
going out was the last thing on my mind .
she laid her head on my shoulder , ` ` the only thing that matters is you did n't .
the thing that excited me most was the fireplace in the living room .
but the one thing ; the very one thing that made the property so perfect , was the lighthouse that sat off to the side of the house .
but the one thing ; the very one thing that made the property so perfect , was the lighthouse that sat off to the side of the house .
the thing i ' ve noticed about ellery 's paintings is that she knows how to capture the present emotion of her subjects .
chapter 10 i opened my eyes , and the first thing i saw was ellery .
she became angry at me when i would n't let her pay ; that 's the one thing that i loved most about her .
i was trying so hard to hold it together because the last thing i needed was to fall apart .
the only thing i could see in that picture was her dancing blue eyes and that smile .
worried is n't the only thing i am .
` ` that 's not the only thing that 's going to hurt , connor black . ''
the one thing about ellery is you do n't mess with the people she loves , or she 's going to kick your ass . ''
but to have five guns drawn on you by meth heads was another thing all in itself .
the day after blake attacked me , i woke up late in the afternoon , and the first thing i noticed was the pain in my throat and lower body and stinging in my eyes .
getting caught up in a guy was the last thing i needed right now .
there 's no such thing as meaningless when you find a girl like rachel .
` ` mason , the last thing i heard from her was her screaming before the call was lost .
` ` see , the funny thing about him ... is he was n't real . ''
i was n't sure what i was going to do when tyler left ; the only thing i did know was that i was getting away from the house i grew up in .
the only thing offsetting the masculinity were his boyish deep dimples , which had me hooked .
the last thing she wanted was for her birthday to roll around , and then after this morning i was prepared to cancel on everyone tonight .
over the almost year that we lived together , we 'd found plenty of things that we had in common , but looking at the stars that night , followed by those amazing kisses and falling asleep in his arms ... that constellation was by far my favorite thing we shared .
over the almost year that we lived together , we 'd found plenty of things that we had in common , but looking at the stars that night , followed by those amazing kisses and falling asleep in his arms ... that constellation was by far my favorite thing we shared .
let 's just add on one more thing to be humiliated about when it came to gage .
the weird thing about all this was it brought me and ty together again .
the black and green did amazing things with his hair and eyes , as i 'd hoped they would , and it was safe to say my new hubby looked good enough to eat .
he whispered against my mouth , and i felt his hand tug at my other leg , the only thing supporting me other than the two immovable objects i was wedged between .
` ` there 's one thing i like about this , '' dean said , crawling in behind me , and he pulled something over the front , blocking out the view of the sky .
the only thing good about me probably getting kicked off next was that liam would n't be getting the prize money either .
the only thing in color , of course , was tesla , with her vivid hair and bright red lips .
the only thing that kept me going was the thought of how sunnie would look with a mohawk .
~~ * ~~ there was one good thing about having wickedly short hair - it took no time at all to clean it .
for some reason , the last thing i wanted was brodie to be upset at me .
we lay collapsed against each other for a moment , the sink the only thing keeping us upright .
when it came to appearances , the only thing mac and i shared was height and shoe size , but considering the footwear collection she housed in her wardrobe , this made me a very lucky girl indeed .
he rolled onto his side and his eyes did that warm and gentle thing again that made my heart turn to mush .
` ` well goody for the both of us because i ' ve always been safe , but one thing i ' m not ... is on the pill . ''
the only thing i can control is what i choose to do with those feelings , and i ' m tired of being too afraid to trust them . ''
the overall mood was the only thing worth noting .
matt did his whole scratch the back of his neck , nervous habit thing and let out a big sigh .
it looked pretty damning , and despite outside sources informing me of jared 's feelings , love was the last thing i was rolling in when he took off this morning .
love was the one thing i had to give you , and i f**ked it up .
maybe when i was young and looking for trouble black was the only colour that fit me , but now colour was the only thing that gave me life .
they were bright and cool , the first thing i saw when i met her after moving in next door .
` ` that 's about the only thing i know , apart from the fact that i ca n't be anything to anyone right now .
my body sagged with fear , the stranger 's arms the only thing holding me upright .
it was the same thing as me .
there 's only one thing i love more than the idea of doing that with you . ''
` ` i also love knowing i have you to look forward to at the end of the day , and i love knowing that when i open my eyes in the morning the first thing i 'll see is you . ''
the most real thing about him .
since i seemed incapable of saying anything without a bitter bite to it , i just had to stay quiet or practice that whole think - before - you - speak thing .
having money certainly was n't the only thing that kept social pariah and henry callahan apart .
the only thing worse than losing it was having no clue where to search for it .
` ` you know what the ironic thing about this whole thing is ?
the thing that stuck with me most about our conversation was that i did n't doubt what she 'd said .
but then i noticed his stumbling was paired with glazed - over eyes and a flushed face , and relief became the last thing i felt .
i was aware of rob standing over me chuckling , and that my ears were buzzing and my jaw was throbbing , but the only thing i focused on was the sound of henry 's voice through the phone .
the first thing that should have warned me things were n't going to end well for me was when he slowly rolled his sleeves up to his elbows .
his voice - his promise - was the last thing i heard before a darkness so deep came over me , i was n't sure if i could ever make it to the surface again .
` ` seeing you alive and in one piece is a beautiful thing indeed . ''
` ` because they mentioned things about how they were only in mexico for a few weeks , or how they were heading back to california , or nevada or florida , places like that . ''
it is the only thing that separates you from those other girls .
make that one more thing that i fear , victor : being trapped in a small space .
i killed a man tonight , yet , the only thing that picks at my mind more is the fact that i ' m already over it .
self - destruction was not part of her plan , and despite using that moment to release some of the hatred inside of her , the only thing i sense that it did was make her realize just how f**ked up she truly is .
but despite all that i have , one thing has not changed : i ' m still living a lie .
` ` i know what i have to do , '' i say aloud - talking to myself has become my new thing as of late .
the only thing i see she 's truly guilty of is putting up with his shit .
it 's eerie how it 's the only thing that i hear .
silence would be an easy thing to get used to with this guy , i think .
the thing about me - i was not so willing to give just anyone my f**king banana .
that 's the thing about being f**king smart - i understand her better than she understands herself .
i want to make her so wet that she begs for me - that my name is the only one on her mind , the only thing she can possibly utter .
i think that 's the thing about friends who are n't quick to let others in .
the only thing about having everything is that you can lose it all .
` ` but the wonderful thing about making these bruises is that i get to tend to them . ''
i realize , in this very moment , that love was the only thing missing from my life .
and it 's the only thing that matters to me .
akira looked much like his sister , my dear mari , but there was n't a pretty thing about him .
i was so achy and needy for him , and had wanted this for so long , that the pain seemed like a little thing when compared to the joy i felt at finally having him inside of me .
we spent a long , lazy afternoon at the spa , mari joining us as we caught up on every little thing .
the only thing i felt in the air was sexual tension .
it was a funny thing to miss people before you 'd even left them , but that 's what i was feeling now .
her body pressed against mine , and her fingernails dug into my shoulders like she was dangling off a cliff , and that was the only thing holding her up .
my old mates might have been troublemakers of the highest order , but they did have one thing going for them ; bliss was the most relaxed i 'd seen her in the last week .
bliss laughed raucously , and the only thing that kept her from toppling off her seat was my hand at her waist .
no ... me being a disaster of awkward proportions was the least surprising thing ever .
i suppose that was at least one thing that she and bliss had in common .
the only thing i care about right now in this entire house is you . ''
i ' m thinking about how i fell in love with a man who told a classroom full of seniors that the hardest thing about this life is n't landing roles or having enough money .
i had to give him one thing ... he was good at getting my mind off my troubles .
the only thing keeping me steady was my hand propped on the wall behind her , but even so i fell farther into her , until every part of my body was aligned with hers .
the only thing worse than feeling this way was putting all those emotions on display for the world to see .
and yet , when he looked at me and his skin touched mine ... friendship was the last thing on my mind .
my legs shook , and for the second time , he was the only thing holding me together .
the thought of cade was the only thing that made me feel steady .
max did the constant swallowing thing , which i knew meant she was about to cry .
i knew the whole don't - judge - a - book - by - its - cover thing ; but in the dark , this place was straight out of a zombie apocalypse .
but the male body was one thing i had no issue appreciating .
the funny thing about alcohol ... when it makes you feel good , you feel amazing .
i could have bought more time , but one thing i 'd learned - contact with friends back home made me feel better for a little while , but twice as worse afterward .
i thought back to the night before , but the last thing i remembered clearly was arguing with hunt .
one thing i 'd learned in life : the phrase ` ` close your eyes '' was usually either followed by something very good ( i.e. , kissing ) or very bad ( i.e. , murder , pranks , or something gross placed in your hand ) .
we were harnessed and strapped and lectured , and the only thing that kept me from having a complete mental breakdown was the fact that hunt and i were chest to chest as they hooked us together .
of all the things i 'd wanted in life - the places i wanted to see and the things i want to accomplish - the thing i 'd always wanted most was to be the kind of person that burned .
some of us for long durations and some of us for not so long , but the one thing we humans could depend on from life was pain .
montana was bit warmer than portland ; that was the first thing i noticed as i stepped off the bus .
dna was a funny thing .
` ` i ' ve done it dozens of times , and the nice thing about the chimney is that it 's predictable .
jesse has never done that whole angsty , moody guy thing like he has been lately .
jesse 's mouth stopped crunching as he did that whole deer - in - the - headlights thing again .
a bit more of that relaxation thing trickled into my veins .
my blood boiled when i realized my mom wanted to take away the one good thing i had going in my life : that place and those people .
i 'd pushed him away just a few hours ago , i 'd turned and run away from him , but he was the first thing i thought about when i considered leaving willow springs .
the nice thing about the buckets of rain that had come down was that it had made the ground soft .
` ` i ' m working on that whole healthy thing . ''
whatever it was , i knew it was one thing : powerful .
feeling those kinds of things for one person was different , and intense , and even a bit scary at times , but no matter what , i knew it was one thing above all : special .
feeling those kinds of things for one person was different , and intense , and even a bit scary at times , but no matter what , i knew it was one thing above all : special .
the only thing that looked scrambled , though , was his expression .
of course , that would be the moment garth emerged from the willow trees , and , of course , me and my bare chest would be the first thing he 'd zero in on .
the only thing i felt was jesse and his love .
it did n't take either of us long , but when we did fall apart around each other , the last thing i remembered thinking before crying out and the first thing i remembered at the end of it was that surely no one had ever loved another person the way i loved jesse walker .
` ` the only thing i ' ve been more positive about is that i ' m better looking than you . ''
if that was the only thing i could control , then i 'd take it .
if there was one thing about willow springs i had n't missed , it was garth driving me nuts .
i was afraid of losing you , rowen , and the thing about fear and panic and possession is that they turn a person into exactly the person they were scared of becoming .
girls like josie gibson spelled one thing for me : doom .
that was the only dance i 'd ever gone to , that dance with josie the only one i 'd danced , and coconut shampoo was the thing i remembered .
the one and only positive thing about having clay black as a father was that the cops and the law gave us both a wide berth .
kind of hard to when the closest thing to love i 'd experienced with a girl had been not wanting to immediately toss her out of my bed in the morning .
the only thing i care about right now is getting you in my truck and taking you back to my place . ''
the only thing i felt was her body pressed into mine .
i was n't expecting a response , but the last thing i heard before letting myself go was a quiet , ` ` better now . ''
confusion was the new normal for me , but one thing i had been able to pinpoint - josie was somehow connected to it all .
the thing i took away from that mother - daughter conversation was the way josie had stuck up for me .
the only thing that kept me from jumping out of bed and driving to colt 's just so i could throw his mattress out his window was josie 's touch .
` ` with you , joze , they 're the same thing . ''
i was a strong , stubborn man save for one thing : josie gibson .
the only thing i knew was that i had to stay on the back of that damn thing because that was all i had left in life .
` ` you know what the nice thing is about being at a zero in the self - esteem department ? ''
the only thing i could focus on was josie .
` ` the only thing i regret is ever being a part of this lying , cheating family ! ''
the only thing i knew was that i could n't stay in seattle anymore .
i closed my eyes as he took off down the road , and the only thing i felt was the wind against us and luke 's muscular form .
the only thing i ever wanted was a normal , happy childhood .
it 's just one more thing about him that seems to be making him perfect .
there 's one thing in my life that i hated most and will not tolerate - people who lie .
the last thing i remembered about last night was luke 's band performing .
the last thing i remember is watching you perform , '' i said as i motioned for us to sit down on the couch .
i was n't sure , but the only thing i knew for certain was that she 's the first woman to catch my attention and make me feel something since the accident .
` ` there 's one thing i will not tolerate in a relationship and that 's keeping secrets .
you have no idea how much that devastated me , because the only thing i wanted was a child with johnny .
the one thing i could always count on luke for was the fact that he always made me feel better and , suddenly , losing my job as charley 's teacher did n't seem so bad anymore .
his happiness is the only thing that matters to me , and i will do everything i can to make sure he stays that way .
it was the same thing with the mass amounts of tattoos that covered him from head to toe and the array of metal that dotted his face here and there .
the cheerleader was hav**g s*x with me with her eyes , and while i was normally totally a fan of hot chicks doing that to me i barely even registered her because shaw was bending over to get her drinks and the ruffles on her butt were suddenly the only thing i could see .
and his body , i bet he works out , i mean i normally like a guy with a six pack but that tall lean thing totally works with his look .
she was slick and fluttery all the things i wanted a girl to be right before she made a sweet noise of surprise and flared her eyes open at me .
i do n't care what your life was like before because now you 're loyal and kind , you make me laugh , you 're smarter than practically anyone i know , you 're ridiculously beautiful and we both know that there have been times in the last couple of years that the only thing holding me together was you .
the thing about being the only guy she had ever been with was that i got to teach her everything and shaw had always been an a+ student .
i ' m sorry that i get this way but the last thing i want is to chase my tail all alone . ''
the funny thing was now that rule was gone i did n't want it .
rule was the one thing i had always wanted and when it got hard to hold onto him i had just let go rather than fight to keep ahold of him and that was n't right .
i think the only thing he really wants is me .
i wanted to kiss her , wanted to do all the things i had spent two months missing out on doing to her , i wanted to make her forget davenport 's cruel hands and imprint on her every single thing i felt about her but just as i was about to put my mouth on hers she pulled back and shook her head .
it was the kind of sex i could only have with her and when i felt her come apart around me i realized i might not really know what love was on my end , but i could recognize it so clearly shining out of her when she looked at me that i could n't help but feel she had to see the same thing when i looked at her .
the thing about heavy - metal bars is that there are heavy - metal guys in every corner .
catcher came from a band that already hit the mainstream and hated it , so the last thing he wants is to be in another one that 's blowing up .
it was pretty much the same thing nash had told me yesterday , but understanding that they were right , and being able to just put it down and walk away , were two different things entirely .
it was just one more thing that i had missed out on , and had found in this new life i had built for myself .
now not only was my past staring at me like a loaded gun , but my future was tied up with a guy who did n't care about security and stability , but made me feel like i was the only thing in the world that mattered to him .
i said his name over and over again because it was the only thing that made any sense to me at the moment , and i heard him growl something dirty and incoherent .
` ` jacked up is not the same thing as being in love .
it was the only thing that wore me out enough so that i could fall asleep at night , and even then i still woke up and rolled over to reach for an empty side of the bed .
so far , the best thing about europe was the opportunity to see a bunch of really great bands .
for one thing , he insulted her .
i freeze because i ' m doing that thing again where i ' m holding my breath because seeing him play is just ... he 's incredible .
the last thing i want is for things to be weird between us .
sydney : the primary thing my mother instilled in me was the fact that she did n't want me to be her .
the last thing this girl needs is something else to stress her out .
me : the main thing i ' ve appreciated about our time together over the last couple of months is the fact that we ' ve been upfront and consistent with each other .
sydney : if there 's one thing i ' ve learned from this whole experience , it 's that my ability to trust was n't completely broken by hunter and tori like i initially thought .
our eyes remain in their silent embrace for several moments , until we both break our gaze , allowing ourselves to take in every last thing about each other .
she can even be pissed or terrified , but the one thing i wo n't let her be is okay .
i think my illness is the thing you love the most about me . ''
the last thing i want to be is someone 's worry .
the one thing i ' ve always admired about my relationship with ridge is that we 're so honest and real with each other .
the only thing we can control is whether we give our lives and our minds the chance to catch up to our hearts .
the only thing i ' m aware of is my own heartbeat and nothing else .
the only thing i feel is him moving against me ... away from me ... inside of me ... into me .
i soak in every single beautiful thing about the smoothness of his skin and the feel of his breath and the taste of our moans , until it 's impossible to tell us apart .
i adjust my ear until it 's directly over her heart , savoring every single thing about her .
the only thing i dropped was the ski mask , and it was a cheapo i bought at the goodwill a couple of halloweens ago .
that was the last thing i needed after this week .
the cool air against my wet skin was the only thing keeping me from voicing my disappointment .
chapter seventeen jess throwing myself back into school and work was the only thing that got me through the next week .
jason 's grip on my thigh was the only thing giving away his mounting frustration .
the only thing i had on my side was the fact that i had never told her i loved her .
the bracelet was the only thing i had of him .
` ` that 's the first thing to change .
my name was the only thing i owned .
it was the only thing i had left .
the one good thing about q not coming for me meant my body healed .
every crazy little thing about him weaved a cage more unbreakable than his mansion and guards .
i need to own every last thing about you . ''
q never took his eyes off me , frozen into position ; the only thing that changed was his fingers .
the sound of the helicopter faded away , and the most important thing in the world was the connection between us .
my ability to do what i did was the one thing i lived for .
i need that high , i need that pain , it 's the only thing that keeps me sane ...
loneliness wrapped around my heart as leather jacket yanked the material from my hands and threw away the only thing i had left of q .
the shackles around my wrists were the only thing keeping me upright .
the rest of my soul withdrew to huddle deep in the structure , sucking every last emotion , every single thing that i 'd ever felt deep inside .
the tower was the only thing keeping me alive .
in fact , sleep was one thing that had n't returned .
i kissed her with every f**king thing i felt .
it was the first thing i 'd noticed when i walked in the room after hearing her voice , black and grey ruffled wings , with guns crossed through the middle that spanned the entire length from her shoulders down to the dimples just above her sweet ass .
the last thing either of us needed was a scare like that .
one thing i had never been and never would be was a liar .
one thing i had learned early on about scarlett was she slept nak*d , which suited me perfectly .
i was too shocked to do anything , and now i had lost the only goddamn thing good in my life .
my car was the last thing i had left of my dad .
but nothing , not a damn thing .
the only good thing about it was having scarlett take care of me .
bringing my lips down on hers , kissing her whisper soft , i said , ` ` one thing i will never regret in my life is you , scarlett . ''
` ` there ai n't one little thing about me , princess , and you know it .
it was the place mace took scar on their first date so it was a no - brainer , and the only thing mace had asked for .
trip opened his mouth and started singing ; it was like the earth was pulled out from under me , and his voice was the only thing holding me up .
` ` but there 's no such thing as loneliness .
that was another thing i liked about pam ; she was n't a fawner .
there is no such thing as loneliness , i told myself .
no one ever made me shiver with desire the way matt did with his voice alone - until a stranger outside a bar made me feel the exact same thing .
another thing i was learning about matt : this guarded , dark look in his eyes meant only one thing .
for one thing , silence replaced my rapacious dirty talk .
the only thing i do n't know is how many seconds , hours , years , decades , it will take before i can let go of the goddamn self - induced numbness .
the first thing i notice is the smell ; smoky but with a seasoned kick to it that burns the back of my throat .
` ` is that the only thing we have in common ? ''
if my tumor had taught me one thing about life it was to not sweat the small stuff .
` ` because it 's a guy thing that you wo n't get and it 'll probably piss you off . ''
to my utter surprise , i felt no such thing .
` ` the only thing that 'll drive the cockiness out of me is you faking an orgasm .
his growl was the last thing i heard before his head descended and his tongue parted my labia .
my eyes were , as always , the only thing i liked .
in the end the only thing that got me through was the belief that she was just too good for this place .
' one day you 'll wake up and he wo n't be the first thing you think about . '
the last thing i wanted on my wedding day was to feel bad about any of my decisions .
the last thing i needed right now was my wife looking at me with pity .
the last thing i need is for them to catch wind of jack 's piss - and - vinegar attitude . ''
the last thing i wanted to do was actually talk about them .
i remembered that newman was a veteran ball player , and if there was one thing that any first - year player had to do , it was respect the veterans .
and the last thing i wanted was to run into a player 's wife or girlfriend while i was buying something like that .
the one thing we had missed the most while we lived in new york was the socal beaches .
melissa nodded , her expression more relaxed and open , her stubborn face a thing of the past .
never getting days off to plan or celebrate anniversaries , holidays , or birthdays was one thing when it was just me and kitten .
the last thing i needed was another ten minutes of grief in my life , and snobbish grief was really the last thing i needed .
the last thing i needed was another ten minutes of grief in my life , and snobbish grief was really the last thing i needed .
` ` ok , good because the last thing you need is to add a baby to this mix . ''
amy the thing about living in the city is that everything is right there .
wanting a willing body in bed was one thing ; finding a woman willing to tell me what she wanted so that we could make everything so much better had been a rich fantasy of mine for - well , forever .
more importantly , i had a cell phone bill to pay , and this pesky little thing called hunger .
the only thing keeping her from pushing his hand between her legs and using it to cut this wild need was her own mortification of doing so .
the only thing that kept jax from laughing his own ass right off the horse was the way the damn helmet was starting to cut into his skin .
one thing he 'd learned by dating tawna was the huge benefit in dating someone pretty and not gorgeous .
the last thing i want to do is deal with being pursued by a man like ethan frost .
the last thing i want is to go through all that again .
the last thing i need is to encourage him - or to slip up and refer to him as ethan when i ' m with someone from the company .
and since the only thing that 's changed is you ... '' we 're walking down the sidewalk at a fast clip now - but not too fast , as if ethan is aware of just the right speed to go so as not to put undue pressure on my injured hip .
i keep my voice upbeat , even though the last thing i want is to be stuck in this apartment alone tonight .
keeping my life ordered , routine , is the only thing that helps me deal with the chaos of my past .
the last thing i ' m in the mood for is having to entertain someone who really only stopped by because they wanted to hang with my best friend .
which means , chloe , that the only thing that 's changed in this equation is you . ''
the only thing worse than having ethan see me looking like this is to have him see me looking like this after he 's gotten a package from me that pretty much proclaims my interest in him .
no , the only thing i hear in his voice is a deep , aching concern , and just the sound of it nearly brings me to my knees .
but i do n't know this guy very well and the last thing i want spread around school is how poor i am .
it 's why i did n't want to tell him about the rape to begin with - the last thing i want is for things to be awkward between us .
small space , both of us nak*d . the last thing i want to do is make a fool of myself all over again .
red , pink , blue , purple , black - the only thing they have in common is the fact that they are very fancy and very expensive .
my heart is pounding in my chest , beating so hard that the only thing i hear is the roaring in my ears .
tonight , after dinner , i want to make you feel like you 're the only person in the world and the only thing you want is me . ''
he 's the only thing i have left that means anything anymore .
i may have dreamed about him a few times , but the only thing i remembered afterward was the feel of his hands on my skin and his lips on my mouth .
the only thing i see are those intense sapphire eyes .
his blue gaze pierced mine , ` ` reputation is the only thing keeping these paintings from being considered porn .
jonathan gray is the next big thing .
that was the only thing holding me back .
the first thing i noticed was a pale blue spotlight slowly growing brighter and brighter on the other side of the room .
the only thing that kept swimming to the front of my mind was the way his eyes moved over my body .
before i left texas i knew exactly what i wanted , and now , the only thing i wanted was jack and he would n't have me .
the first thing he noticed was the bulge on top .
there 's no such thing as the perfect match , and you know it .
` ` same thing happened when we kissed .
it was the only way to claim back his power , by reminding himself there was no such thing as perfection or a soul mate .
it is the only thing worthwhile to fight for in this life .
the only thing i could tell was that he 's young , maybe my age and a little taller than me , with dark hair .
trystan had that lost puppy thing about him .
that was one good thing about having a father like his - he could hide his feelings so that no one had a clue .
the only thing that mattered in that moment was trystan .
the only thing they cared about was protecting their money and their precious careers .
the only thing i can think about now is kissing you . ''
the last thing trystan remembers is his father 's fingers around his throat and the liquid fire filling his lungs .
the only thing trystan wanted was to get through the next couple of months and then go out on his own .
she tries so hard to make my dad happy , like he 's the only thing that matters .
the thing is ... '' he looks down for a second .
having ideals is one thing , and acting on them is quite another .
he took away the thing i wanted most .
being comfortable around bodies changing in the gym is one thing , touching to make the poses right is another .
` ` about that , i do n't mind being your plaything - i mean i ' m actually really excited about it - but let 's keep it to one thing at a time , okay ?
the last thing i ' m wearing is the black lace garter belt .
you stun me into silence , and it 's not just because of any one thing .
chapter 6 the first thing i notice is the hard bed under my back .
if it 's one thing i ' ve learned on the streets it 's that money is precious .
the last thing you want is a gorgeous , charming harper talking to charlie .
this was one thing i loved about callum .
it 's the only thing that can explain my odd behavior . ''
i watched her glinting eyes until the last possible second , wanting to drink in every single thing she was feeling .
we both stared at the ceiling , our laughs dying out slowly until our breaths were the only thing audible beside the film .
` ` that was the only thing that prevented me from shoving him to the ground . ''
and just like that , charlie was his normal , chill self making me recognize the rare sight of emotion he had shown me as the precious thing it really was .
i looked completely normal from the outside , the only thing that ailed me was some soreness in my back and a definite lack of strength but that was n't visible to the nak*d eye .
the only thing not drastically different from the old me was my given name .
` ` yeah , americans assume i ' m scottish because of the whole ' mac ' thing but i ' m one hundred percent irish .
the only thing we seem to exchange is saliva . ''
my face literally melted into my neck at that statement , but i pretended it did no such thing .
my dress was black , super short , and insanely sexy and the last thing i needed was for someone to whisper ` ` it 's too much . ''
one thing i could definitely not compromise though was working with thomas eriksson ever again .
it was probably the only thing that kept me from messing with it so much .
my dad has those eyes and they do the same thing when he gives me that look .
her grin flickers and fades until the only thing i see are those eyes .
that nervous , twitchy , finger thing he did back when i first met him is gone .
my hand unhooks one loop , and then another , so my hand is the only thing holding up the bodice .
the thing with mom 's anger is that she hides it .
` ` you had a better grasp on life back then , and i was too stupid to see that the thing that i wanted most in the world was you .
i love to see the different things a film can make you feel , just by the music in the background or the angle of a close - up , or how a shot sweeps from one place to another .
the only thing keeping me sane through this whole process is school .
seeing desire in a man 's eyes one thing .
they are burning thunderhead gray right now , and i realize the color of his gaze is a mutable thing , changing with his emotions and his clothes .
reading about or hearing about twenty - million - dollar movie deals is one thing , but understanding the reality of a man actually having that kind of money , seeing the evidence of it , is another thing .
` ` grey , honey- '' i give him another thing he likes : me , acting dominant .
surprises were n't my thing , however i had to admit this one was more than interesting .
the first thing i noticed was the king - sized bed and the small round rug on the polished oak floor .
even if things were n't meant to last , i wanted to at least remember , because in the end my memory could be the only thing left .
i guess that was one thing i could thank carter for , he made us skip the awkward moment of telling each other for the first time .
he smiled sheepishly and ducked his head , it was such a strange thing to see on a man that looked like him , ` ` i ' ve been looking it up . ''
the last thing i was thinking about was food .
that was another thing , he always asked how i felt and how the appointments went .
but now that i have you again , the only thing the time away from you did , was make me want you more .
looking over my shoulder to see that the wall was the only thing next to us , i glanced again and saw they were indeed watching us .
his deep voice was slow and rhythmic , i ' m pretty sure it was the only thing keeping me from screaming right now .
` ` babe , '' his head snapped up to look at me , his smile the only thing i could focus on , ` ` did you hear the nurse ?
` ` the only thing that has changed , is that i want you more now than i ever have before .
when the third alarm went off , we shut it off and hopped in the shower quickly , the only thing keeping us from getting lost in each other in the shower was our aching bodies and the need to see liam again .
was the last thing i heard before stalking out of the house and to my truck .
this was just another thing i loved about harper .
guess that 's where kate gets the blushing thing from .
that was one thing i learned to survive my father , determination and the will to do what you have to .
` ` moms are not my thing .
it 's a weird thing with me . ''
it 's another weird thing with me ...
the one thing that belongs to me and no one can take it away .
luke has this thing with losing stuff , especially his cigarettes .
the thing about my mother is she likes things happy .
the last thing i want to do is be alone when they call my name . ''
` ` the one with a lot of tattoos and with a mohawk thing going on ? ''
clutching onto my shoulder with one hand , micha grasps the beer in his hand like it 's the most important thing in the world .
that 's the thing with london .
i open my eyes , but i ca n't place a single thing about the room i ' m in other than i ' m nak*d in a bed , sweaty , and super gross .
the thing is she never really did seem to care .
` ` as far as i can tell , the only thing you 're acting like is someone who needs to talk about their problems . ''
` ` is it the only thing ? ''
that 's the funny thing about being beaten by someone who 's supposed to love you .
for one thing , i know him , more than i know any other guy who 's breezed in and out of my life .
and the best part of all , the thing that i will forever love him for , is that he showed me that i was worth loving .
the only thing i can think about is licking each drop off with my tongue .
he 's got that stern formal thing going on and i wish he 'd slouch just a little bit .
the only thing keeping your neck above water is your defiance , your utter refusal to give up .
now is the time for pride , because it 's the only f**king thing i have left .
i wish i did n't feel every goddamn thing .
i have that train wreck thing going on .
the only thing he 's wearing is a sexy smirk .
the last thing i want is the two of them fighting back here , and since they both seem to hate each other , it 's pretty much a sure thing .
the thing that pulled me to sean was the darkness , the enormous stain on his soul , and the reason was simple - it matches mine .
emotions are building inside of me and the only thing that keeps me from shattering is that he is n't touching me .
i try to thrash and pull away , but the only thing i can move is my head .
the only thing i can feel is the cold fear that 's frozen in my stomach and sean 's hot touch on my bottom .
for a moment , the only thing i can hear is my breath .
` ` this thing you have with the cold , it 's ... '' he sighs and his words disappear .
and that 's the thing that scares me the most - crazy people are irrational - they do things that do n't make sense , and right now henry is close to breaking my wrist .
you have a wickedly sinful body , like you ' ve used it to get what you wanted your whole life , but there 's this wholesome , chaste thing about you - like you have no idea how to use that body - like you 're shocked when some guy looks at you like he wants you .
at first the only thing i feel is complete foolishness , but my body comes to life .
the world goes fuzzy and the only thing i ' m aware of is how i feel , how sean makes me want him .
it 's the only thing that tells me that this hell is real .
for the longest time , the only thing i could feel was that hollow ache .
the last thing i need is for them to think i ' m lying .
the funny thing was , even though i 'd been quite young the last time i saw him , he looked completely familiar .
the good thing about having the men lusting after you like a bunch of drunk idiots was that they never noticed if you messed up and put smirnoff in their top shelf gin martini or skipped the triple sec in their margarita .
the one thing i was n't , which surprised me , was humiliated .
i knew those eyes would be the last thing miguel would see and i did n't wish it on anyone .
that was the only thing that kept me going in the weeks and months after i ran away .
that was the lucky thing about javier and i - even though we were n't communicating by voice , our sex life had filled in the blanks .
this crippled my soul , the one thing i had left .
it was the only thing that reminded me of the camden i used to know , even though the glasses now were black rimmed in that hipsterish way .
` ` a little thing i discovered as i got older , turns out women love men in glasses .
after the way things had ended between us all those years ago , the last thing he should think i am is sweet .
the only other thing i had was a reusable safeway bag that was tucked into my boots .
i had to stop thinking that way , thinking that camden could have made a deal with the devil , but my paranoia was at an all - time high and there was no such thing as being too careful .
that was the great thing about vegas , you could ask for an escort at any time and you got it just like that .
but here 's the funny thing about javier .
that was the thing about him .
the next thing that saved me thus far was the fact that the picture of me was one of hers .
i did n't quite know why but that was the thing about love sometimes .
the only thing that gave me a hint right away was the fact that he had a bandage across his temple , the area red and raised .
i 'd found that to be the strangest thing about this whole thing with him .
that was the only thing that kept me going , kept me putting one foot in front of the other , the fact that if i did everything i was told , they could be saved .
i missed being in the front , i missed f**king driving , but knew camden would feel slighted if i asked to change places and that was the last thing i wanted him to feel .
another thing i 'd lost along the way .
stop punishing me for the past when the only thing we have is right now ! ''
that was the thing about this that they do n't show you in the movies - everyone has to pee at some point , no matter how inconvenient the circumstances .
the thing i learned about sophia over the next hour was that she never once mentioned her son , even when i started babbling to her about being single and wanting children and how was i going to balance working at the advertising firm with a child .
here 's the thing about being alone .
between home and missouri , it seems the only things that change are the license plates and the signs welcoming travelers to each state , but then after you ride past them it 's just more trees and freeway .
truthfully , he lives right next door to the sexy tree and i think that 's the only thing that bothers me about this whole situation .
i look him up and down , too , and although he 's back to jeans and a simple t - shirt and his black doc martens , he 's the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen no matter what he 's wearing .
` ` the only thing you really need to try to remember , '' he goes on as he applies a layer of deodorant , ` ` is not to sing every line in the song - got an opportunity not to sing as much but you still sing my parts , too . ''
does n't matter ; he can talk her up all he wants about how sweet she is and it wo n't do a thing for the nervous feeling in my stomach .
that 's the last thing he needs right now is to be trying to calm me down . ''
the only thing i insisted on was keeping my current pajamas .
instead , the only thing i could summon up was the image of owen smiling .
you 're the only thing i could think about all week . ''
i still felt grouchy , and crowds were the last thing i wanted to deal with .
his hand was the only thing keeping me grounded .
the only thing that existed was dean and my pleasure .
everything hurt as the world crumbled away until the only thing left was dean .
if there 's one thing i know , it 's athletes .
it 's a special thing .
but the other thing about pleading no contest is he ca n't be sued for any damages he caused and his sentence will most likely be less . ''
but here 's the thing about baseball , kitten .
the last thing he needed to do was to worry about me when he was on the field .
it was one more thing to adjust to in our new life together .
the last thing i need is to date a freaking rock star , '' i moaned .
` ` same thing with slander .
` ` love is the most important thing ?
i ' m sorry , cecily , but i can't- '' ` ` the hardest part is over with , '' cecily 's voice has that chain smoker raspy thing .
my voice is still doing that quavery thing .
it 's every f**king thing .
but the only thing i see is emily sitting on my bed with her guitar across her lap .
since my brother is deaf , there 's one thing i do know , and it 's that deaf kids do n't see themselves as handicapped .
if there 's one thing i know , it 's how to win over small children .
chapter 1 lila there are four things i ' ve learned about the outdoors over the last month since ethan and i first began our cross - country road trip : ( 1 ) it always feels cold living outdoors , even when it 's july and we 're in virginia ; ( 2 ) the mountains seem to breed pine needles and dirt ; ( 3 ) the camping food ( heavy sigh ) ...
there is one thing , though , that i can certainly admit is a plus about being outdoors - and it 's the fourth thing i ' ve learned during this trip and the one thing that i 'll miss when we head back to vegas tomorrow - the beauty of the night sky .
there is one thing , though , that i can certainly admit is a plus about being outdoors - and it 's the fourth thing i ' ve learned during this trip and the one thing that i 'll miss when we head back to vegas tomorrow - the beauty of the night sky .
okay , so maybe i ' ve learned five things and have one more thing that i 'll miss : ( 5 ) being with ethan all the time - as long as ethan 's with me , i ' m fine with being cold , getting covered in pine needles , and eating beans straight from a can .
the only thing that sucks is that we 're heading back to vegas tomorrow , back to life and the real world , popping the secluded , quiet bubble we ' ve built around us during our road trip .
no matter what section of the country we 're in , all places share one thing in common .
and the last thing i ever want to do is hurt her .
` ` my parents were n't that great and the last thing i want to do is become them . ''
ethan has this thing with never getting embarrassed in public .
i would never have admitted this to anyone , but i panicked if i had n't seen a mirror in a few hours , affirming i still had the only thing that made me so adored .
for some reason , the only thing the girls here like to play is house .
the last thing i wanted was to look unkempt when being scrutinized so closely .
we sang the music being pumped into the streets and belly - laughed all the way to his car despite the fact that the only thing we 'd had to drink all night was the single shot of whisky , burned off hours before .
i stood next to him holding up the loose plank and the quiet was a heady thing .
motivation is a funny thing .
her smile was the first thing i saw , and i trembled at how disturbing i found it in the light .
the last thing i needed if my father waltzed in here asking if anyone had seen us was this ridiculous girl squealing .
` ` what 's your favorite thing in the world ? ''
in fact , she was really encouraging , nodding every time she approved of something i did , another thing i liked about her .
` ` there 's no such thing as fate , spencer . ''
it was cherished , and one thing i had quickly realized upon inspecting our tiny new home was that we were n't going to be quite as alone here as i had hoped , especially upstairs ; i could tell the walls were very thin , not much in the way of privacy .
one unfortunate thing about seattle , that was quickly apparent to us on the drive home , was the roller - coaster steep hills , and trying to drive a stick shift on them .
there was one thing that hanging out with the guys entailed that i was n't all too fond of , and it was currently walking right towards me .
` ` kiera , so tell me , are you and kellan like a ... thing ? ''
the house was n't the only thing my parents left me . ''
` ` he 's the nicest guy i ' ve ever known , the closest thing to real family i ' ve ever had , and we turned him into my ... '' his eyes closed for a moment as pain flashed over his features .
i nodded my head , yes , and prepared myself for the one thing that had always sort of terrified me ... being alone .
aside from me , it was the one thing that kellan really lived for .
she patted me on the back , her lips in a tight smile , as she complimented me on the only positive thing that she could say about my elementary level bowl of tropical fruit .
your face is n't the only thing that makes you attractive , kellan .
there was one thing that even a cover band needed to know how to do , to be successful - they needed to know how to play , and none of us did .
i guess abby and i had at least one thing in common .
the last thing the world needs is another you . ''
if there was one thing that could turn my mood around in a heartbeat , it was watching kellan perform .
but , she was freaking out , and the last thing she needed was a lecture from me .
the last thing anna needed right now was to drag another guy into the mix .
i knew that it was a weird thing to feel when he was so angry at me , but i could n't help feeling it .
he shook his head , leaning in to kiss me , to distract himself with the only thing he really knew how to block pain with - sex .
` ` yeah , there were times when school was just about the last thing on my mind . ''
kellan seemed at a loss , which was an odd thing to see on him .
the last thing i want to see is my rippled ass on the cover of some tabloid . ''
if contentment could be felt as a physical thing , like the warmth from the sun or a cool breeze on a hot day , then surely i was feeling it wrap around me right now as i laid my head on his shoulder and let myself be consumed by his presence .
the first thing i noticed , besides the fact that this was a hundred times nicer than the glorified cubby we 'd slept in on justin 's bus , was the windows .
this really was n't my favorite thing , but hearing kellan 's reaction , the deep groan he made as he clenched my hair tight was one of my favorite things , and i focused on that .
the only clear thing about it is that it 's definitely me . ''
a smiling set of lips were the first thing i noticed .
i think the only thing i really do get about her is that her childhood sucked just as much as mine did . ''
i 'd forgotten all about the tattoo once his hands and mouth had started riling me up , and it was about the last thing in the world that i cared about now .
i was on birth control pills for one thing , so i had n't even been worried about getting pregnant .
his arms were huge , which was kind of a thing for me .
as i thought about it , i was n't sick of one thing about him .
it was the strangest thing , how something that had felt so awful just a month ago , did n't make me feel anything but annoyance just then .
i thought that might have been my favorite thing of all about tristan - that we could just talk forever , about everything , about nothing .
the last thing i remembered before drifting off was murmuring a soft , ` ` thank you , '' and feeling him gently kiss the back of my head .
i placed an exuberant kiss on his chin , the only thing i could reach .
that was the best thing about bev ; she was unconditionally supportive .
it was the strangest thing , but i did find myself forgetting that the cameras were even there , especially as we made our way into decadence .
there was one useful thing about being followed around by a camera crew ; people got out of your way .
she was doing that adorable thing she did where she got so passionate about a subject that it turned into a rant .
it was the strangest thing , how all of the chaos seemed to just calm in his wake .
i thought that might have been the worst thing about losing someone , that moment between asleep and awake , when you had to remember and accept the loss again , relive that moment when your life changed , and you lost something dear .
it really said it all , that the old part of my statement was the only thing she took exception to .
my girlfriend hates your guts , on account of you being a f**king bitch to her , and the last thing i ' m going to do is piss her off again because of you .
the way things were going , we 'd be skipping straight to lunch as tristan found one thing after another to be jealous about .
she also liked to wear very little in terms of clothing , which gave her yet another thing in common with frankie .
real trust was an elusive thing for me , given my track record with men , and tristan 's track record with sex .
his temper was a volatile thing , especially when it coincided with his protective streak .
chapter twenty - six danika it was over a month later when i began to feel a familiar nausea that i associated with only one thing , as i 'd only experienced it when i was in a condition i 'd only been in one other time .
the only thing she drank was half a glass of orange juice that your buddy dean served to her .
i need to believe that because it 's the only thing that 's keeping me hanging on .
the last thing i want to do is hear any of forbes ' cruel words .
the first thing i notice about this place is how quiet it is .
eyes are my other thing aside from legs .
the first thing my lowered eyes make contact with is mia 's bare stomach .
` ` sucky thing to have in common , '' i say .
trust me , i know one thing well , and that 's when a woman wants me .
but the thing annoying me most is the stupid little voice on repeat in my head .
the only thing that has changed is how deeply i want to bury my fist into that a**hole 's face .
she 's my best friend and the closest thing to a sister i have .
i smile , thinking of jordan - the one thing that i really like about this town .
one thing i ' m starting to realize with jordan is that moments of wonderful are n't a rarity .
she 's the only thing i think about .
` ` confidence is one thing you will never lack in , jordan . ''
he gave me the one thing he 's never given to anyone before .
men have a thing i call sex logic .
that 's another thing about lies : if you convince yourself they 're true , they become true .
his face was doing that big - eyed , furrowed - brow thing that i could not lie to .
but the thing that struck me most was how absolutely alone he looked .
now that i had n't seen evan in months and had started to forget the feel of his body , the chemical trance it put me in , the thing i missed most was simply hanging out with him .
and then the only thing left was him .
beast was the first thing i saw when i woke up in that alley with the smell of garbage and urine all around me .
the only good thing about winter is being able to wear cute sweaters and boots .
the thing i had to get used to was everyone waving at you when you pass them on the road .
the last thing i need is to get my heart trampled on again .
the thing that gives me pause is the girl standing next to him .
that is one thing my mom taught me .
the thing that he did n't know was that , if he asked me to marry him , i would say yes , no questions asked .
the only thing with that was if i sucked at water skiing , we would be stuck with a boat we did n't use .
if you left me tomorrow , some other guy would be there giving you the same thing i do .
i ' m ready to kill trevor ; i ' m not sure if there 's such a thing as blue balls for women , but if it 's possible , i have a horrible case of them .
it was the first time i 'd seen a man 's ... package , and i 'd be lying if i said it was n't the first thing i zeroed in on .
i was pretty sure my answer had something to do with a certain cole carson and that stomach thing he made me feel whenever i thought about him .
without another word , he continued down the dark hall , and the only thing more disturbing than following a semi - stranger down a black hallway in an unfamiliar building was how willingly i did .
the only thing that really stuck out was his eyes .
the attraction was the first thing i felt , then the confusion , and last the anger .
at that moment , fear was the only thing i felt .
the only thing i did n't ignore was the fear .
water seemed to be the only thing he drank .
the only interesting thing about the day was that the agents were back , following exactly the same routine that they had on the previous turn .
my third thought was that my head was n't the only thing wrong with me .
i had thought that excitement was the last thing that i wanted for myself .
sleep is the last thing on my mind . ''
the plastic covered patch over his heart was the only thing he left untouched .
and he had apparently been the thing that woke me up , as he murmured softly into my ear .
i did n't know if it was just the only thing i knew with my limited experience with relationships , but it looked to me like javier was clearly stephan 's submissive .
i knew my eyes showed my need for him , that vulnerable , raw thing that had become my feelings for him .
he was insane , but that was becoming just another thing that i adored about him .
it was just about the only thing we had going for us .
` ` there is n't a thing about you that i do n't adore .
the pining for a chick that 's never going to look at you twice thing was the biggest turn off , and the fact that you did n't bother to clue me in about your little hang - up before we hopped in the sack .
as he spoke , i registered that looks might be the biggest thing we had in common .
the last thing you need to do is be alone right now . ''
fear of what had happened to my mother had n't been the only thing that had scared me about commitment .
chapter 4 arriving a minute before econ began wednesday morning , the last thing i expected to see was kennedy , leaning on the wall outside the classroom , exchanging phone numbers with a zeta pledge .
that 's the thing about bad boys - they do n't have any qualms about being the rebound guy because they do n't hang around for long anyway .
i knew so little about him , but there was one thing i felt unequivocally : safe .
once again , he stood in direct contrast to lucas , whose scent was n't any one thing - it was his leather jacket and his barely - there aftershave , the meal he 'd cooked for me and the subtle yet sharp smell of graphite on his fingers after he 'd been drawing , the exhaust of his harley and the minty shampoo smell of his pillow .
besides tomatoes , the one thing i hate most in this world is being interrupted while reading a good book .
the only thing that sucks is that she does n't know when i can have visitors .
and the last thing i wanted was my behavior to rub off on my brothers .
the only thing that kept me in my seat was watching mckenna 's pretty blue eyes looking so solemnly at mine .
my lifestyle was the only thing keeping me sane at the moment .
the only thing that kept me from being really late was the bus had cooperated and been on time .
the thing is , ryan does that with every woman he 's with .
` ` the only thing i could think about while you were asleep in my arms was that you were going to wake up and regret last night .
the last thing she wanted to do was put her shoes back on and go back out into the late january weather , so instead she just set the trash bag on the porch to pick up and take out when she went out for the groceries .
probably the same thing that 's coming over me now , she thought .
the last thing she saw before they disappeared out into the night was the back of herbert 's white lab coat as he destroyed his work .
her scent enveloped him , and the only thing he could think of was her .
hassan is right about one thing , though .
they see me as good for one thing .
the last thing i care about right now is the pain shooting through me .
the last thing i see before blackness takes me is rania 's sweet smile , blonde hair stuck to her lips and forehead and chin and splayed across her finely sculpted cheeks .
his eyes , the thing about him that first arrested my attention , they are impossibly blue in the light from the bathroom .
the only thing worse than his mother seeing his tie askew was if she saw him in a clip - on .
bellissime is known for three things : its monarchy , its chocolate , and the tiny size of the country .
` ` the last thing i want is to be ' pretty ' , '' he told her in a tight voice .
the last thing she remembered was taking her pill .
kip was rather possessive of his job , and the last thing that griffin needed was two assistants .
` ` the only thing better than seeing these gorgeous br**sts is the thought of seeing these gorgeous br**sts wet and heaving . ''
it was the most erotic thing she 'd ever felt .
the last thing she wanted was to get cozy with jonathan again .
that was another thing that irritated her - that she 'd peaked sexually with an ass**le who dumped her .
violet and her happiness was the only thing that mattered to him .
her clothes were clinging to her body and now the morning had gone from slightly chilly to wickedly cold , and the only thing warm was jonathan 's big body pressed against hers .
` ` it 's my favorite thing in the world - seeing you lose control in my arms . ''
that was the last thing that any woman in this condition needed , the joke failing miserably for the one person who needed it to succeed .
josie imagined that her nether regions must look like hamburger right now - really nasty hamburger - and knew that the ice packs and the lidocaine spray were probably the only thing keeping laura sane .
` ` the last thing i need is more fluid in my body . ''
she has this ... thing about me . ''
` ` the only thing that would taste better is you , '' he said it without acrimony , and she smiled , reaching across the table for his hand .
awkwardness from one person was one thing ; when both were being weird , it compounded the feeling by a factor of eight .
ed may float back to 1953 sometimes , and even as far back as the early 1940s , but there was one thing that he knew about 2013 - and that was that he was going to get his piece of pie at the diner and he was going to play three or four rounds of well - matched chess .
` ` okay , good , because the last thing you need is to add a baby to this mix . ''
this was the last thing she needed on a day like this , and it made her need an outlet .
the only thing they had in common was- ` ` ohhhhhhhh . ''
and even then , he 'd only reached out to her for one thing : money .
one thing you 'll learn about me is that i like to study hard and also have fun .
he must have been at least 6'1 '' , he had dark hair and dark eyes , and had that chiseled jaw thing going on .
one thing i had learned about katie in the short time i had known her was that i could trust her .
these hunter men have that sexy , masculine thing down to a science !
he was so masculine , so handsome , and he had this super confident thing going on , that it was very distracting to look at him .
he had that sexy , smoldering thing going on and i could tell that he was not from the same world the hunter 's were .
if there was one thing working in her father 's showroom had taught julia , it was how to calm a disgruntled customer .
i have a feeling it 's the same thing that ails you . ''
stay away from all of us or i will take from you the only thing you ' ve ever cared about - cogent . ''
` ` we sorted a few things out , but in the end we agreed the most important thing in all this was your happiness .
the worst thing about the place was the number of times i dreamed i was engaging in a threesome .
` ` funny thing about maddy , she 's never gone to school in switzerland . ''
if there was one thing he could count on with his family , it was that .
i went back to my hotel room without you and realized the only thing stopping you from being there with me ... was me .
max was up to something , and one thing that max was n't was subtle .
` ` she did , but email is a funny thing .
` ` you are the most important thing to me , taryn .
by the time we reached high school , pete slimmed down , grew taller , and joined the wrestling team , but one thing remained the same - he always had my back .
it was obvious that the last thing he wanted to do right now was get into a battle of wills with me .
it was the sexiest damn thing , as if his hunger for me was palpable .
let 's just say after coming , the last thing i remember was going .
the last thing i needed to see were more boxes blocking my hallway .
the deliveryman was tall and young , maybe mid - thirties , but with severely thin - ning brown hair that did that eight - strand greased comb - over on the bald head thing .
the only thing missing was the ferris wheel .
i did notice one thing though ; some of the girls that stepped up to bug him ranged from quite pretty to very attractive , but they all seemed to be forms without faces to him .
the business relationship is one thing , the long - standing friendship is another .
i said , shocked that we had another thing in common .
the only thing missing are the words ' i had incredible sex ' written on your foreheads ! ''
` ` another good thing about pennsylvania - that 's where they make crayons , '' ryan stated .
it 's the only thing she can count on in this world .
is there really such a thing as love at first sight , or was he trying to convince himself that this was what he wanted ?
i instantly felt better about spending his money when the first thing i bought was three new pairs of jeans for him .
the only thing preventing us from both screaming was the knowledge that she was in police custody at that very moment .
the last thing i wanted was a giggling fan sleeping in the room next to ours tonight .
i thought about all the research i did on the oscars when i wondered what kind of role ryan could play to garner a best actor in a leading role nod and recalled that all best pictures seemed to have one thing in common .
` ` i think we have yet another thing in common . ''
i hear her before i see her , so the first thing i see is her feet , in a pair of chucks .
i hate wearing suits , for one thing .
as a broke , orphaned college girl barely making rent and tuition , the last thing i need or have the money for is sexy lingerie .
the last thing i can afford in this situation is to let alcohol cloud my judgment or loosen my tongue .
you have n't said two words to anyone but adam , for one thing . ''
my tits would smack me in the chin , for one thing , since this stupid bikini top provides absolutely dick for support .
the thing with adam is , he always seems to get the last word .
* * * outdoor sex was their thing , but this was going way too far .
it was the only thing i had left of her .
another thing i never thought i would find attractive but i was beginning to believe this man could make mud look good .
the only thing i know is his name is kane , and that i am no doubt completely attracted to him ... but i ca n't for the life of me figure out why .
i wo n't lie about it , your beauty is the first thing that attracted me to you .
the last thing i remembered when i 'd woken up was those eyes staring back at me .
` ` told you i would be over here first thing .
kane had this weird thing with my hip bones that i was becoming aware of .
the only thing we knew was we wanted to go dancing , but the only place we could do that was shot 's .
the only thing that reassures me in the midst of the chaos and the worry is the sound of my child 's steady heartbeat coming from the monitor , filling the room with a relentless beat that tells me they 're doing just fine .
that 's one thing gage and i like to do - constantly challenge each other .
mean to say , but hell , the last thing i need is a distraction .
and the one thing that always got me in trouble was my too - pretty face .
` ` you did forget to mention one thing about me though . ''
she might balk and say she does n't deserve the position , and that 's one thing i ' ve realized since i ' ve started working with her : bryn does n't believe in herself very much .
the last thing i ' m thinking of is the stupid bet .
but when we pulled into the driveway and cut the engine , about the only thing i could think about was her .
i walked right into the fire because i was dying to know all the things about her , down to what kind of coffee she drank .
he peered out the window too , his body moving closer to mine , doing that thing he did where he migrated into my space .
i 'd like to say i was nervous or cautious , but the truth was i was a live wire and i craved only one thing right now - touch .
my hands dived into his hair as he explored me like a starving man , and i was the one thing that he needed .
my favorite thing is making you feel good . ''
his body is n't the only thing chiseled .
` ` that time at the electronics store , the first thing i noticed was you were hot .
the third thing i noticed was you were really cool .
the same thing that 's eating away at andy is what 's been eating away at me since that kiss with chris on saturday night .
ava detests aloneness , even though it 's the thing she knows best .
no , it 's the thing i want to feel .
she takes pride in dressing like a starlet , and kudos to her - she 's got some marilyn thing going on with a white swirly dress and pinned - up hair .
` ` i 'd say to go for it with him , because he 's got that whole tall , dark and broody thing going on , but he does n't date actresses . ''
she always forgets to when she 's sad , and the last thing i want is for her to be sad for me .
i have to keep it professional with her , even though every single thing about her threatens to ensnare me further , especially that hopefulness , that sheer joy she has in her job .
acting has been the thing i love most .
i want to feel every single thing right now .
i want her to be in some kind of never ending bliss , so i slide two fingers across her , and she moans greedily , as if this kind of touch is the thing she craves most in the entire world .
the last thing i want is for you to stop . ''
the same thing i felt when i sang in our first private rehearsal .
` ` of course not , patrick , '' i say , in my best calm voice because the last thing i need is for patrick to be less than happy .
the last thing he wanted to do was give abbey the wrong idea .
the last thing you need right now is a sensitive man . ''
if there was one thing she could n't contend with in a man it was ego , and she was n't sure she had ever met a man who thought more of himself than aidan did .
the last thing she wanted from him was pity .
no matter how successful in business he was , there was one thing he could n't handle : emotional females .
the only thing that stood out to her was how neat and organized everything was .
the nice thing about them is they 're so resilient they do n't need a lot of pruning to come back year after year . ''
the only thing predicable besides your outrageous libido is your stomach .
the last thing on earth you should be thinking about is sex with aidan !
` ` the last thing i need right now is more stress in my life , and any relationship , especially a new one , is always stressful . ''
being late is the last thing we need . ''
` ` the last thing on earth your mama would want is for you to be sad today .
it was the honorable thing to do , and if there was one thing pesh prided himself on , it was having an honorable character .
the first thing she saw was damen .
the first thing she had heard as she came into their home 's vast foyer were his father 's screams , bella shouting back , and it was incredibly easy for esther leventis to put one and one together .
she looked like he was killing her again and again , and the most painful thing about it was that it might just be true .
if there was one thing in the world she could ask god for , mairi thought wistfully , then it would be that damen would always know she loved him more than anything else in the world .
she would gladly suffer a thousand lifetimes more as long as it meant she would be able to see his face before she slept , his face the first thing she would see when she woke up .
he forgot about everything except for one thing : he would never let anyone take mairi away from him .
and the first thing she saw was damen 's dazzlingly handsome face , which was too close for comfort and made her cheeks flush red .
the second thing she saw was the gleam of wicked amusement in his silver eyes .
the word played over and over in his mind , for it was truly the only thing damen could think about as he slowly and thoroughly took in the sight of his resplendently na**d bride .
he missed a million things about her sweet hot body , and the memories aroused him to new heights , making damen bite her nipple as he moved one hand up to feel just how wet she was .
knowing that every little thing mattered in today 's battle , mairi had made sure that she dressed strategically for the occasion .
the only thing i need . ''
1 the first thing i noticed about audrey valdez was her hair , falling like a dark sheet of silk down her back .
he did n't have a key to her place , which in retrospect was probably the thing that saved him from pounding the guy 's face in .
it was the sexiest thing ever , feeling him grinding against my hip .
my sweet juices were on my hand and on the cuffs , and his smell and mine together were the most intoxicating thing i 'd ever encountered .
` ` you , sir , are the most adorable thing . ''
the only thing wrong with the place was the outdated kitchen , but by the look of the wood and tile samples on the counter , that was about to get renovated .
the only thing that calmed me down was relaxation time in the tub with some of my favorite toys .
the only thing that remained was a craving for the action .
the only thing missing was kelly .
if there was one thing spec ops knew how to do , it was sleep sitting up .
but one thing he would never get enough of was the size difference between him and nick .
if you want to arrest me and put me in a cell , you go ahead and do it , but one thing i know for damn sure is that i ' m your best shot at this , and no matter what my motivation was for being there , i ' m here right now for the three of you .
i mean , the thing about performing is you have to perform , otherwise you 're all talk , right ? ''
` ` the thing about a freak out is you do n't know why you 're freaking out , '' i said , opening the fridge .
a single lamp lit the living area , and the first thing i checked was the door between our rooms .
that was the best thing about it . ''
` ` and you know that thing ?
some guy thing happened between them , because eddie stuck out his hand and jonathan shook it , taking him by the bicep .
i put gas in the car , first thing .
it 's the only thing that gets me through the day .
she had that drazen thing where she looked perfectly put together even though i knew that between her family and her work she was getting eaten alive .
but another responsibility was the last thing i needed .
fuck , yes i was terrified , and the only thing that kept it at bay was the thought that i could make her life better than it had been , that i could save her from her chronic penury , keep her from the manipulations of men like my father .
the last thing i remembered was rain .
the last thing i remembered was hanging from the ceiling , listening to rain on the windows .
the last thing i remembered was wet thighs .
his refusal to implicate me only meant one thing : i 'd done it .
the only thing worse than the idea of living with my job was the idea of living without it , of drifting into a life without purpose .
the last thing the arrogant ass needed was encouragement .
` ` and the questions thing ?
it terrified me , and it was the thing i wanted most .
it was a fantastic olive green that did good things to my eyes .
but that 's somethin ' you do n't do in return , but i reckon that 's the only thing . ''
the only thing ?
the one thing that was weird was that raiden shared zilch about himself , outside talking a bit about his mom and more about his sister , both of whom , when he spoke of them , it was clear he cared a lot about .
the only thing i had to give .
` ` i just wanted- '' ` ` only thing i know , only thing i 'll focus on , is now you 're mine .
` ` i just wanted- '' ` ` only thing i know , only thing i 'll focus on , is now you 're mine .
the thing was he did n't have anyone he respected enough to punt business to .
he was the only thing there was , the only thing i could see , the only thing i could feel .
he was the only thing there was , the only thing i could see , the only thing i could feel .
he was the only thing there was , the only thing i could see , the only thing i could feel .
the last thing i remembered before the dream was us whispering in bed , me tucked close mostly under creed like he held me the night before when i was sobbing .
the only thing we know since we ' ve been watchin ' him is that he has n't directly approached the girls but knight 's no further than he was before . ''
the only thing that made me pause was kara 's adoration of her father was what could be described as rabid .
he gave her his gaze , the only thing he had to give , the only thing he had to offer her as even a scrap of comfort as she endured a nightmare .
he gave her his gaze , the only thing he had to give , the only thing he had to offer her as even a scrap of comfort as she endured a nightmare .
the one thing that bothered me was that you could see everything .
you 're with me , one thing you never have to be again is scared .
and his focus was so extreme it was a physical thing , enveloping me .
only thing could get him to go limp was a four year old in the room .
i blinked , rapidly , but my eyelids were the only thing that moved .
it was the most beautiful thing about him in a long line of beautiful things .
but one thing my brother casey taught me was to look out for myself .
the only thing i knew was that regardless of being g*y , he had a good eye for gorgeous women , a talent for finding ones who had what it took on the stage , no aversion to essentially selling tail for a living and , not unusually for a g*y guy , a flair with costumes and interior decor .
only thing casey knew all his life was lookin ' out for his little sister .
i hid it because the other thing i noted instantly was that she was far more anxious at seeing me .
and i was right , she was happy for her book , magazines and candy bars but they did not do one thing to soften the blow .
` ` ivey - '' i turned in his arms , put my hands to his waist , looked into his deep blue eyes with their russet lashes , eyes that were the last thing i should have seen every night for seven years and eyes i should have woken up to every morning and i repeated slowly and firmly , ` ` i ... do n't ... care . ''
nothing had really changed with our sex life except he got more into it ( which also was not fun for me ) and he lasted longer ( again with the no fun part ) and it seemed he was getting off on it more , was more excited and i did nothing ( not one thing ) differently to cause that .
the only thing that marred this was , without a variety of things to pull our attention away from each other , such as grieving friends , new acquaintances and the aforementioned crises , it was beginning to unsettle me that sam could n't relax .
then i made a mental note to call paula in three hours and tell her i was the woman sampson cooper was currently banging before she pulled up any of her gossip sites at the office ( which i knew she did first thing while listening to phone messages ) , found out before i could tell her and lost her marbles .
the only thing i knew was that it felt really , freaking good .
the only thing i knew was he 'd say it straight .
and that precious thing also includes the fact that you think for one second this bullshit is your responsibility .
the only thing i know is it 's gon na be me who cleans up that mess and , like it or not , it partly has to do with you turning out in reality to be one seriously fine piece of ass .
well , there was one good thing about being under threat of death ; it took precedence over sam 's fame .
` ` i 'll get rid of it tomorrow , first thing , on my way to the gym , '' sam replied , not taking his eyes from the tv .
still , one thing i did know was that he was far better than cooter .
he was doing that being aware of his surroundings thing again , this likely because he could not fly with a firearm and the bodyguard who was coming with us ( the other one was driving ) who , unlike us , was flying coach and could n't get into the rich and famous departure lounge , was also unarmed and not with us the whole time .
it was another thing i loved about him .
cantankerous character was one thing but rude and offensive was another .
all she knew was that she had him , all of him , so much , he 's in a goddamned chopper , the blood leakin ' outta him and him loving her is the last thing that fills his mind then suddenly , in a f**kin ' blink , all that was gone because he was gone . ''
it made me feel energized but mellow and after the week i 'd had , mellow was a good thing .
he did n't have enough confidence in himself to believe that a woman like her would want a man like him and in the end , he took away the only thing she really ever wanted . ''
one thing about that man is clear .
i supposed , being the president of a motorcycle club , having your finger on the pulse of absolutely everything and being able to read people and figure them out was a good thing .
though , one thing tack had going for him , he worked with his hands .
as for me , the first thing i saw after waking up in the hospital which was also the last thing i saw every night before going to bed and the first thing i saw in the morning was my coping mechanism .
as for me , the first thing i saw after waking up in the hospital which was also the last thing i saw every night before going to bed and the first thing i saw in the morning was my coping mechanism .
` ` that 's another thing that does n't turn me off , sweetheart , knowin ' that you come with those kids and you need to know that .
` ` well , you can forget about the whole me being shy around men unhealthy thing because i ' m all right with men .
the other thing i knew was that elvira did n't just have attitude , she was wise .
then again , jake - with his motorcycle boots , his bike , his beat up pickup , his old t - shirts that fit way too well , his faded jeans that fit better , his dark brown , longish , unruly hair , his silvery gray eyes that told a million stories without giving away a thing , his capacity to drink beer , down shots , eat hearty , howl at the moon and kiss so hard it was like he knew it was the last moment for every being on earth and he was going to make the most of it - was wild .
one thing you learn really quickly and really well when that kind of thing happens to you is to be a f**king great actress .
the only thing i like , babe , is the hair .
the only thing i knew , looking in the mirror that day and all the days since , was that i knew i did n't want to be me .
you have to let it go so when you let me in and , baby , '' his hand squeezed my neck , ` ` when i say that , i mean when you let me in , the only thing you feel is me moving inside you and the only thing you see is me likin ' right where i am . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , my reaction was selfish , i should have thought of you and i 'll work on it but i ' m a woman and women have this thing when their men have had women in their lives that are better looking than them . ''
there were tables out front if you wanted to hang and eat your treats , these again all wood , again all mismatched the only thing each of the chairs shared was being wide seated , sturdy and comfortable .
` ` i would hope not , darlin ' , seein ' as every time you take me in your mouth , the last thing i do is melt . ''
when i looked back at lawson , he had a small , one - sided smile thing going .
chapter five hot - o - meter there was one good thing about getting your house broken into in the middle of the night because your sister was an idiot and having to phone your parents and then go spend the night with them : when they had to get up early to go to work and you did n't so you could avoid the talk the next morning where they would want to know all about your idiot sister ; how she put you in danger ; how you put yourself in danger ; why you did n't tell them right off the bat ; and why you ' ve been keeping your perfect army man boyfriend to yourself .
` ` one thing that does n't have any mystery when it comes to delgado is his days . ''
she 's got one thing goin ' for her and that is that no one takes her seriously .
he did have that ultra - cool , rock ' n ' roll thing going on .
then again , he thought a lot of things about the emme he knew including the fact she was sweet , funny , interesting , and no one but his best friend chace keaton gave better conversation .
and the bottom line truth of it was , in the end he 'd eventually learned that the biggest thing he lost in all that was emme .
the first thing i noticed while driving up to my house was jacob 's truck .
and when i walk away in a second , baby , that 's the only thing you got ta take from this .
i will not stop until you have nothing and i 'll keep going until you lose the last thing you got , not that it 's worth much , your f**kin ' mind .
the last thing i remembered was being sucked into a marathon of american chopper .
he 's such a badass , he 's the freakin ' definition of badass , and his team of badasses only exist to define alternate nuances of the same thing . ''
the only thing i wanted to know was shy .
the thing you got ta get is , a sister 's any sister at all , she stands by her sister 's side or takes her back no matter how she feels about her sister 's man or the shit that goes down between her sister and that man .
the only thing moving on her body was her chest , rising and falling with quick breaths .
wake up , you 're the first thing on my mind . ''
another thing my mother ingrained in me , which was incidentally one of the few things , like knowing how to cook , that she taught me that i liked , was that i never should look bad .
when she died , that panther was the only thing of hers i wanted .
leather jackets , especially beat up , black biker ones with a patch on the back , were not my thing when it came to guys .
my mouth dropped open , my heart swelled , and the look on his face was the only thing stopping me from doing a girlie jump in the air , arms overhead , shouting , ` ` hurrah ! ''
` ` not havin ' you these past weeks sucked , but it led to me comin ' that hard , that fast and givin ' that same thing to you , it was worth it .
the last thing i remembered was bedding down in the backseat of the rental having covered myself with sweaters and hoping someone would happen onto me somewhat early in the morning .
i had n't lucked out much in life but one thing i had lucked out with was my hair .
she said boys teased girls they liked and , one thing i learned in life , my mother was rarely , if ever , wrong .
she did n't care what anyone thought and the only thing anyone could think was she was in love with the man in her arms .
that 's hardly the same f**kin ' thing . ''
the good thing about visiting a small , local hospital in the dead of night was that there was no waiting .
but i only had eyes for max mainly because he was the only thing i could see .
only thing you can be . ''
this , at the time , did n't register on me because it was tate and he was good with his mouth therefore that was the only thing that registered .
i was thinking i really did not know tatum jackson when i focused on his face and it hit my fogged brain i knew one thing about him .
that one thing was how to read his face and his face said he did n't want to talk about this .
at that , i lost hold of my temper which was my only choice since the only other thing i could do was lose hold on the tears i 'd been ignoring since my couch contemplations last night and our scene in the bed early that morning .
the new sheets and comforter were one thing but the curtains offered a big slash of color , giving the room personality , making it homier and making the big room seem almost cozy .
i went to the police this morning , first thing .
` ` when i played ball , at penn state , one thing i liked about it , outside the game , it got me great pu**y . ''
` ` you know , i always thought it was okay , you bein ' you 'cause it was the only thing i knew .
but outside of the fact he was a good bartender and dependable employee , tate did n't know one f**king thing about him .
i closed my eyes this time then opened them to have the only thing i saw be his .
upon waking , after seeing ty 's side of the bed was mussed but empty , processing the fact that i slept on top of the covers in my wedding dress , those flowers in that vase were the second thing i saw after i rolled .
then , for over an hour , i sipped my ( two ) french martinis , crossed and uncrossed my legs frequently but not frequently enough to seem silly ( like blondie was fidgeting at my side , making me wonder if she might have a movement disorder ) , tried not to fall asleep and watched with increasing alarm ( the only thing that kept me from falling asleep ) as ty 's piles dwindled .
second , his soft voice was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever heard in my life .
` ` no , '' he stated firmly , all humor gone and my heart started beating hard because , before i left texas , i knew this one thing about ty .
the thing i did n't know was just how much he intended to f**k with me and from what happened to ty and what tate said , the how much could be a whole lot and none of it i would enjoy .
it was then my whole body was trembling and it was n't the only thing .
silence then pena exposed he 'd honed in on one thing in all that ty said , ` ` you and lexie tryin ' ? ''
and he made it clear he wanted only one thing from her and that was only part of what she wanted from him .
and it was n't the only thing on chace keaton 's face that was smiling .
there was one thing in my life that could be considered kickass .
the last thing he did last night was promise to call .
the only thing that made me feel better about this was he was wearing the coat i gave him , the hat and the new jeans .
` ` you being at deck 's with beer and brownies , me being here and you being sweet and um ... other things . ''
well , one thing about that , it was good to know the bra was a worthwhile purchase .
` ` another thing that sucked about life when my future included misty .
the other thing i thought was , it was unbelievably sweet that he asked .
* * * * * chace blinked away sleep and the first thing he saw was the soft , light blue sheets of faye 's bed .
they met five minutes ago for the first time but that does n't mean she 's not the only thing he 's got . ''
the thing you do n't get is , that kinda man is the kinda man a real man wants to be so there 's nothin ' to hide . ''
another thing that 's all you know since your mom is ill and has been your whole life is thinking you 're responsible for everything around you , that you can fix it , make it better or at least cushion everyone 's fall .
so right the f**k out , he went back to the only thing he knew .
it flipped him , he went back to her because it was the only thing he knew , the only protection he had . ''
one thing you can learn now is when someone gives you an assignment and does n't fully explain it , if they put that shit on you , that reflects on them .
if i died here , the last thing i 'd hear was his beautiful voice .
` ` but , one thing i always wanted is for you to be happy , '' he continued .
then she said , ` ` honey , i get your thing of swearing off men , focusing on getting stuff sorted because you need to do that .
head was not my favorite thing to give .
thing about her was , she was n't just pretty , she was sweet .
` ` another thing to learn about me is no one tells me what i can and can not do .
the thing was , he could be charming and flirty .
and , even though she stepped up repeatedly to take beatings meant for me , eventually made me watch her go through a junkie stage , through empty hookup after hookup that did n't mean a thing , and finally made me watch her essentially die , she never stopped loving me .
but , the love they had to give , love they gave me , i knew the only thing that would have made growin ' up better was havin ' brothers and sisters .
havin ' that i knew that was the only thing i needed . ''
the only thing i craved was the thrill of the chase , the satisfaction of the hunt .
it allowed me to feel their fear , live their terror - the only thing i could get in those days .
she was the only thing worth fighting for .
that was another thing i 'd suffer - not having the protectiveness of my lies .
seemed we had yet another thing in common .
that was another thing zel would have to get used to .
fox sensed my train of thought and murmured , ` ` my first name was the only thing i had left of my past before they stole everything from me .
` ` well , for one thing , she does n't put up with your bullshit .
the only thing keeping me from killing her was the tiny remaining thread of my self - control .
his blue - black hair was the one beautiful thing i shared .
his breath was the only warm thing about him , scalding my skin with words i did n't want to hear .
tutting under his breath , he said , ` ` the first thing you should know about me is i never forget .
but what if it 's a lie and the moment he 's got you where no one can see , he takes the only thing you have left ?
the only thing i could focus on was him .
the apple core was the only thing left of my piranha - speed eating .
the last thing i heard as the doors closed was my father 's voice .
the room faded until the only thing that existed was kes and i. i did n't know if it was the possibility of him being kite that drew me to him or the empathy deep in his gaze but something was undeniable .
and the only thing that registered was shock .
which was the oddest thing to admit as i 'd never felt cherished , even when delivering fashion - changing designs and bringing the weaver name to even greater heights .
i had to forget about all that and follow my heart - because , ultimately , that was the only thing that might save me .
beneath the mask , he was so many things , and sweet was one of them .
yet another thing tarnished in my life .
and i refused to let them wedge us apart and destroy the only good thing in my life .
one fundamental crucial thing .
the only thing protecting tess from my snarling scream - thirsty beast was love .
he panted in my mouth , rolling his hips , taunting me with the one thing i wanted most of all .
but that was the funny thing .
the women he 'd been with would f**k everything in sight , and the last thing he wanted to do was to be licking out another man 's cum .
devil knew the only thing that kept him alive had been the fact he had nothing to lose .
the last thing he saw was devil shutting her up with his mouth .
his voice was the only thing she could think about .
` ` i bet watching the sun rise is the most amazing thing in the world .
with her face being the last thing he saw pussy pulled out of the parking lot and followed the rest of his club .
the only thing special about her is you want her badly .
the first thing she did when she entered the bathroom was giggle in the mirror .
the last thing she needed was another bad relationship under her belt .
she needed the time , and the one thing he 'd learnt over the years , was he could be a patient man to get what he wanted .
it was the only thing she knew about herself .
he was insatiable and found making love to her the most exciting thing in his life .
the anger inside him was the only thing stopping him from calling the steer brothers .
she was n't the first person he thought about , and ever since he 'd met rose , laura had been the last thing on his mind , if she entered it at all .
you 'll take the one stable thing out of her life , isabel , and that one stable thing she has , is you . ''
their needs were the only thing that mattered to him .
you 're the one thing i refuse to give up in this life . ''
the only thing you care about is what you want and how desperate you are to get it . ''
scarlet , the beautiful woman before him , she was the only thing that mattered to him .
he was told the only thing missing had been her car .
the last thing he was , was a coward .
the only thing he did was work on the computers and work out .
the last thing he needed was for anyone to notice him .
the only thing she cared about was reaching her cl**ax .
the only thing i 'd change is the age gap .
the last thing he wanted was to lose everything to the son now .
the only thing he cared about was the feel of her wrapped around him .
the last thing he wanted to think about was where he 'd f**ked her the other night .
the only thing she wished was different was her bank balance .
the last thing he wanted to be thinking about was sex .
the only thing left for him was these feelings for cheryl .
the last thing she wanted was to talk to her mother .
the last thing she wanted to do was send him away without going to the next level .
` ` well it all depends on one thing really . ''
the good thing about being a skull , he knew when to act and when not to .
other women , they 're not hard , and conversation is the last thing on our minds . ''
he could n't feel a single thing .
the other thing that bugged him was the wealth the man clearly possessed .
the lies were another thing .
the words were the hardest thing to deal with .
the last thing she knew about fort wills and michael was the fact they could n't find the proof linking him to some underhanded dealings .
her smiling face was the only thing that could defuse him .
the only thing he knew in that single moment was how damn hot she felt na**d for him .
the last thing she needed was for her father to be angry at tiny .
the only thing i care about is being inside your sweet body and f**king you hard . ''
the one thing i know is he wo n't let a f**king thing happen to you . ''
they seem like completely random events , but they all have one thing in common ...
nash 's voice was the only thing she recognized .
lash could n't think of a single redeemable thing about the other club other than the fact they were loyal bastards .
the only thing i 'd change is how damn sweet you are .
` ` tate 's not even around here , and the last thing you 'll get is between those chubby thighs . ''
` ` you 're the only thing i ' ve got left of patricia . ''
she 'd be a dream to f**k . just another f**king thing to hate about myself .
the only thing stopping him from phoning tiny right now was the fact angel was na**d and in front of him .
the only thing you were interested in was letting go .
getting mary out was the only thing holding me back .
` ` the one thing i hate is women being taken advantage of .
` ` good , because the only thing i care about is you , '' he said , sinking his fingers into her hair .
loving him was the only thing she knew for certain about her future .
the last thing she needed was to flunk any of her classes .
the possessive need he 'd witnessed in his two friends was the only thing he could compare it to .
he knew her virginity was the only thing keeping her safe .
the last thing he needed was to be part of their stuff .
the only thing he cared about was getting his own way .
their breathing was the only thing moving in the room .
sex with her had been the last thing on his mind .
they were good for one thing , for f**king and bringing him money .
the only thing that mattered to her was the way he made her feel when she was in his company .
the only thing she did n't know was if it was a true love or a hero worship love because of him being the only man she 'd been with , besides brad , who had n't found her completely ugly .
it was another thing he hated about himself .
isaac was a mess from her loss , and he knew the only thing to keep him from going under was noelle .
the one thing he hated about life in the city was the fact he had to wear clothes to work .
the last thing she remembered of him was ordering her to sleep before he stormed away .
her female scream was the last thing he heard before he went under .
she pouted , and he found it the most adorable thing in the world .
the last thing he wanted to do was witness her pain .
the next thing she became aware of was the tight arms wrapped around her waist .
some men stopped looking for their mates and settled down with the next best thing .
the only thing she recalled liking was being held down and the fact she could n't feel anything as he bit her during his release .
the last thing he needed was for the temptation to get so strong he could n't back down .
it 's one thing gonzalez wins on . ''
the last thing the boys want to be doing is shopping .
the last thing she wanted to be doing was looking at the men who were currently seeing her naked .
kids were the last thing on my mind . ''
the only thing i ' ve got is to be able to attack back or to stall them . ''
the last thing she wanted to do was deny her man what he wanted .
he 's got a thing where he does n't like eva to be put in danger . ''
the last thing he wanted was to look like alan .
the last thing he needed was to hear his father berate him .
the only thing appealing about her is the bank balance she comes with .
there was only one thing missing .
` ` the last thing i intend to be is your babysitter , chica . ''
the only thing to indicate that this was anything but an upscale hotel room was the wooden x that was nailed to a wall .
that was actually the first thing she 'd noticed about liam conner .
the next thing she 'd noticed was his devastating beauty .
the only good thing about her predicament was the certainty that turning down a marriage proposal paled in comparison to being eaten by a three - hundred - pound lion .
it was the oddest thing , but the sound of his voice , the way the words wrapped over her like a warm blanket , made her feel completely safe .
the first thing she noticed was the smell of fermenting grapes , so sweet , so strong , so heady .
one thing she 'd learned during the past two years was that the perfect guest never outstayed her welcome .
the only thing she cared about was having him inside her .
and what your date said earlier : ' tyson 's face was carefully blank , but tension radiated from him as the woman continued , ` ` you two seem awfully close for just having met on friday : ' carrie was n't exactly sure what was going on , but the one thing she did know was that it was time to nip it in the bud .
the only thing that had been lost when he 'd found her in bed with another man had been his pride .
the very last thing she needed was cooking lessons .
food was the last thing she needed right now , and she was going to turn the prize down .
and if there was one thing she 'd already learned tonight , it was that timid was overrated .
he felt as if he were being stalked , knew that he was , in fact , and found that it was yet another thing he liked about her .
she should have gotten out of bed and told him thanks for the fun , but the only thing she wanted more than to turn tail and run was for him to take her to heaven one last time .
the only thing he could see was vanessa .
clenching her thighs tightly together as if doing so could lessen her elemental response to every single thing jason did , every part of who he was , she reached for the half - full balloon glass .
` ` that 's the thing about hot blondes with legs up to here . ''
he 'd been taking advantage of her need , of her desire , and although their lovemaking had been extraordinary on so many levels , it had lacked the most important thing of all : love .
the only thing he knew was that he had to see her .
they were one thing about herself that she truly , unabashedly loved .
sure , he preferred straight blond or brown locks to such a bright red , but all in all , her red curls were n't the worst thing about her .
` ` fine , '' she said , ` ` but if you think this changes one single thing about the strictly professional terms of our trip , you are dead wrong . ''
` ` stupid door , '' she said , but when it finally swung open the only thing lily could do was gape in wonderment .
but the one thing he did know was that there was no way that lily was going to mess up his sexual self - esteem .
here she should be celebrating the one thing she had wanted all her life : travis 's ring on her finger and promises of forever .
because the only thing he could see , now , was the darkly damp spot just where her panties covered her labia .
even if he was acting like sex was the only thing he wanted from her .
the most amazing thing of all was that she could say those things to him when he was n't being fair to her .
` ` and that 's another thing , '' he found himself saying as he tried to keep up with her .
but when they 'd made it back up the stairs , sleep was the last thing on his mind .
the only thing that made it slightly palatable was the fact that other parts of him were up too .
that was the thing about lily , luke thought .
she had made her own decisions since her parents had passed away and the last thing she needed was a domineering billionaire calling the shots in her life .
helen 's rather flamboyant earrings were the only ostentatious thing about her .
the last thing she wanted was to chat with sam hudson .
even in sleep , he looked tense and fierce , the lock of wayward hair that slithered over his forehead the only thing that softened his appearance in slumber .
the only thing that really pissed him off was the fact that he did trust her .
simon decided that the only thing worse than owning hudson with sam was the fact that they had both had an office on the same floor .
oh hell , he was her every erotic fantasy come to life in stunning , glorious color and there was n't a thing she did n't love about him .
the only thing i remember was being ashamed when i was finally coherent .
the only thing she felt with sam was the need for more .
throwing her head back , she screamed his name as the whole world flew apart ; the only thing of any substance being the man she was clinging to , his muscular bulk preventing her from whirling into space .
and if there was one thing sam hated , it was feeling helpless .
the last thing he really wanted was to swallow .
the only thing keeping her mind from going completely numb was watching sam in his element , charming and urbane , smooth and sexy , and completely hot .
` ` the only good thing about it is seeing all the handsome men in tuxedos . ''
` ` the only thing that really aches is my c**k right now .
his battered body probably should have been aching , but the only thing he could feel was the exquisite , mind - blowing erotic pleasure of maddie 's tongue stroking along the sensitive tip of his cock , twirling downward and finally taking a long suck like his dick was a lollipop .
the only thing aching was his cock , and madeline was the only person who could take care of that particular ailment , one he planned on curing tonight before he went completely insane .
she went down hard , her head the first thing to hit the pavement .
another thing that was perplexing .
` ` but did n't you ever want to- '' ` ` the only thing i wanted was my wife .
that 's one thing that has n't changed .
he might be different , but mia knew that was one thing that would never change .
danny was right about one thing ... she could n't risk it .
that was one thing she loved about living here .
the last thing he wanted was her pity .
the only telling thing was his eyes , his usually glacial look expressing untamed emotion .
` ` believe me , the last thing i wanted was for you to tie yourself in knots trying to please me .
` ` but your career , your business- '' ` ` do n't mean a damn thing without you .
` ` and the only thing i have in common with that ugly canine is the fact that we both love you .
the guys on the team had ribbed him endlessly , but if there was one thing that kade was n't insecure about , it was his manhood .
if there was one thing she noticed about kade , it was that he tended to avoid talking about himself , using self - deprecating humor when he wanted to avoid a particular subject .
that was another thing he could n't explain - he actually wanted her to need him , to be able to count on him to have her back in any bad situation .
the only thing hotter would have been if she 'd taken her clothes off while she was doing it .
` ` the last thing asha needs is more chaos and guilt in her life . ''
the last thing she wanted was to leave him , but she cared too much about him to let him be stuck with half a woman , a woman who really did n't know who she was or what she wanted .
the last thing she wanted was to see kade suffer , but she was n't sure that seeing him would really make the situation any better .
and , by god , she 'd get every single thing he could give her .
the last thing maddie needed right now was conflict .
right now , the only thing she wanted was to be as close to kade as she could get .
travis might be a stubborn ass most of the time , but one thing ally could n't deny was that he was a gorgeous , potent , testosterone - overloaded male ass .
every single thing about you is perfect . ''
being able to see her , even if they were throwing insults at each other , had been the only thing that had kept him balanced .
the only thing she was wearing was a tight , red tank top , the sexy ` ` barely there '' black panties , and a matching garter belt and stockings .
the only thing i want when i look at you right now is to watch you come . ''
he was n't gentle , but the last thing ally wanted was tenderness right now .
the only thing that had ever stopped me was the possibility of ruining her happiness .
the last thing she ever wanted to do was crush travis 's playfulness because he had taken her comment seriously .
one thing that had always bothered her was the fact that travis never let her touch him this way , too worried about losing control before he satisfied her .
but the only thing she 'd really remembered was his incredible gray eyes and how polite he 'd always been to her .
if there was one thing travis did n't ever do , it was blatantly lie .
jason 's soft chuckle was the last thing she heard before she floated back to sleep .
the last thing you need is to be out chasing f**king storms , even if they are n't tornados .
the last thing i want is for you to be afraid of me .
` ` the only thing we share is the colter eyes , '' chloe answered with a chuckle as she revealed a pair of the same long - lashed smoky gray eyes as tate 's .
and the last thing she needed to do was worry about me .
that was the thing about me and jenna .
if you ever decide you want to make some real money , it 's a useful thing to fall back on .
the thing about jenna was that she was unpredictable .
the last thing they needed was to worry about me .
the one thing i was quickly learning was that it meant different things to different people .
the thing was , as maddening as he could be , i would never change him .
and the closest thing to absolute power was having a net worth of almost fifty billion dollars .
appreciating a beautiful woman was one thing , but some of these assholes were just being disrespectful .
` ` the thing is , when you 're out in the world - just interacting with people , trying to navigate this massive tangle of cultural mores and personal hang - ups , it 's a complete nightmare .
that 's the thing that keeps me awake at night .
the only thing better than benjamin chase in low - slung swimming trunks was benjamin chase in low - slung swimming trunks , and soaking wet .
the sex was one thing .
he 's got the typical dark hair , dark eyes , blah blah blah thing going on - all the book boyfriends basically look the same , but mr . risinger is more of a dirty blond , and a little too tall .
maybe it 's just the cumulative effect of five years of this bullshit , and then having the enjoyment of my books taken away , and my friendship with natalie , and now i ' ve realized the only thing i really want is standing right in front of me with a maddening smile , but he might as well be ten thousand miles away , for how likely that is .
but the last thing i want to think about right now is kara .
really , it 's only natural that i sought approval from someone cold and demanding , because it was the only thing i knew .
the one nice thing about this new , terminally boring job is that it leaves me plenty of time and energy to volunteer again .
it 's nice to know there 's at least one thing in the world that has n't changed .
with the breeze picking up her fiery hair and shifting it across her shoulder , her eyes sparkling , and the deep blue of the skimpy suit setting off her skin , it 's sort of a crime that the only thing i can look at is the little dimples just above her ass .
` ` you know what the best thing about hawaii is ? ''
i curl up next to him , resting my head on his shoulder when he finally breaks the silence , saying , ` ` the last thing i want is for you to hate me , nina . ''
i 'll revel in the only thing that will remain after bennett is gone - money and power .
the thing is , there will always be someone next in line after my father .
the last thing i remember is lying helplessly on my dining room floor while pike threw kick after violent kick to my stomach .
from this moment until the wedding , there would be no such thing as free time .
` ` the only thing i deserve is you .
when he thrust into me , full hilt , it was the last thing on my mind too .
a childhood of bullying and my mother 's ' turn the other cheek ' response was the last thing i wanted to think about .
` ` just know that you are the single most important thing to me .
he had the strong , silent thing down pat five seconds ago and now he was striping away the bs before we even sat down .
there was no such thing as silence when she was in the vicinity .
the only thing that kept me from dying on the spot when megan revealed my dream wedding was the fact that the only proof ended with her .
` ` which is why i came in bright and early , hoping to talk to you first thing , but natasha informed me you were n't in .
the only thing worth noting was a lack of ten layers of makeup on her face .
sure , the domineering , air going out when he came in the room thing was incredibly sexy , but i knew that he was kind .
that dark , authoritative , dangerous thing that used to scare the crap out of me but now it made me melt .
he is the only thing that matters to me .
his eyes worked over the contours of my body and the only thing that kept me from gripping him or doing some physical version of ' now what ? '
i guess that was the only thing remotely alicia whitmore - like about her get - up .
his eyes were locked on me , eyes drifting from my face like it was the absolute last thing he wanted .
it did n't have anything to do with some weird bff , territorial thing .
last night after everyone left , the one thing that brought a smile to my face was a joke he 'd made before whisking me up to bed to make me smile for a totally different , r - rated kind of reason .
without our help , the only thing you 'll be is a one liner in comedic routines .
the last thing she needed was to have someone give it to her .
` ` and that 's another thing that does n't surprise me , '' megan said with a shrug .
funny thing is , he told me not to fall in love with him from day one .
the last thing i thought i 'd be feeling for alicia whitmore was pity , but there it was .
` ` leila , the closest thing you have to a mob connection is an addiction to i married a mobster on netflix . ''
` ` what you want , what you need is the only thing that matters to me .
the thing that made me sick to my stomach was the fact that it was a new day , sun beaming , highway buzzing outside the window and all -- and my romantic situation was even more pathetic than when i went to sleep .
that was the thing about megan .
he 'd have his way and in his arms , i 'd have the thing i prayed for when i fell into a restless sleep .
even though i 'd only had two drinks , i knew the last thing i needed was to smell like alcohol when cade was drunk off his ass .
honestly , the last thing i wanted was to be in the same room as cade wallace .
` ` i would have guessed the only thing he knew about cooking was it being something the help did . ''
i say crazed because you 're the first thing i think about when i wake up in the morning and you do n't leave my mind all day .
` ` well that 's the thing about the public ; most of them are complete idiots . ''
safety was the last thing on my mind .
she got her wish ; the same thing all bullies hoped for - power .
he was the thing i could n't lose .
` ` funny thing , moments . ''
the last thing i wanted was to listen to anything she had to say , but i knew she was right .
` ` the last thing i want to talk about right now is work . ''
` ` i 'd say the only thing missing is girl scout troop leader or savior of abandoned kittens . ''
my voice was doing that thing where each word was louder than the last and my frustration hung on each syllable but i kept going .
now the only thing that scared me was the fear that it really was me .
if there 's one thing life has taught me , it 's that people disappoint you . ''
i did n't even have to break a sweat to know that whatever he 'd done was the reason her reservation had changed from two tenants to one ... and he was the last thing she wanted to discuss .
her nostrils were the only thing holding on , all but releasing puffs of smoke like a bull with a matador in its sights .
6 * * * * i stirred , the smell of bacon the first thing that loosened sleep 's grip on me .
but the worst thing of all was his eyes .
he whispered a kiss on my forehead , inhaling my scent like it was the sweetest thing .
she shot back the way we came , her heel taps becoming quieter and quieter until the only thing left was my heart raging in my ears .
the only thing i wanted , needed was him .
i could make a choice comment about how that knowledge would turn her long suffering mother narrative on its head , but that was the last thing logan needed .
she did n't take a single thing for granted .
his touch was the only thing that made sense .
the only thing that made me type in the code to the penthouse instead of ripping her clothes off was the fact that she was staring at the camera perched in the left corner of the elevator .
mostly because the sight of that man 's chiseled behind was a devastatingly hot thing to behold .
and i was just broadcasting ' i ' m hungry , but the only thing in your kitchen i want is you . '
` ` you 're the only thing keeping me together right now . ''
the only thing that would make everything perfect was if stacia and logan got along when they met .
the only thing i had left .
the last thing he needed right now was me to stare at him like he 'd just sprouted a second head .
after hearing how alicia stuck by her husband while he had affairs , international and stateside , how he unabashedly fell in love with allegra , boldly bringing his son to meet the other woman , i had pictured a long suffering woman that must have clung to her vows because it was the only thing she had left .
that innate charm or draw must have been a genetic thing .
she declares , ` ` the only good thing about men is the sex . ''
but knowing is one thing .
the thing about penny was , she was n't simply his sister - in - law - she 'd once been his and vince 's lover , too .
that was one thing he did not miss about high school or college .
` ` funny thing about that .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about being a father .
your feelings were the last thing on my mind , '' she admitted with a shrug .
vince is right about one thing : we need to keep this as quiet as possible . ''
the last thing i need is you keeling over in a faint like a victorian lady with her stays too tight . ''
` ` one thing you should know about me is that when the stakes are high i never lose . ''
and damn it , if there was one thing she was desperately trying to learn , it was how to be effortlessly sexy .
but there was one thing all three buchanans shared in common and it was something that likely , neither realized or would admit : deep down , they were all good men .
` ` screwing is one thing .
it was the one thing she 'd never expected - the comfort , the pure ease of being with this man .
that disappointment was the last thing he saw before she walked out of the room , and out of his life .
i love every goddamn thing about you , and i promise you , if you give me another chance , i 'll show you what i was too afraid to show you before .
the last thing i wanted to do was plant the idea in your head and then watch you dump me for reed . ''
this whole alpha macho thing is annoying . ''
it was all the alcohol he 'd had in the house , and the liquor cabinet had been the first thing he 'd opened when he 'd come home last night .
the last thing he wanted to hear was the word ` ` orgasm '' coming out of his friend 's girlfriend 's mouth .
but paula was the closest thing to a friend she had in hunter ridge .
if there was one thing he sucked at , it was talking .
pigheadedness is probably the only thing i have in common with them . ''
actually , he was the farthest thing from bored .
that was the nice thing about flings .
the most distinct thing about her , though , was that she did n't seem frightened , upset or panicked in the least .
` ` but carson 's got this thing about keeping his teammates away from his sister , so do n't get any bright ideas , masterson . ''
the only thing that registered was the agonizing pleasure seizing his body .
the last thing cash heard before being carted toward the squad car was brendan 's announcement that he was pressing charges against his assailants .
the only thing i want is for you to be happy . ''
one thing she 'd discovered about him ?
` ` is this a mommy complex thing ? ''
if there was one thing she hated doing , it was relying on other people .
seth , on the other hand , was the furthest thing from pleasant and likable .
he totally appreciated the effort she was making to ensure he and mccoy did n't drift apart - bromances were common casualties of committed relationships - but the thing of it was , dylan was n't worried about losing cash .
granted , the regular orgasms were a fantastic stress - buster , but forgetting the worries of the day was the last thing on her mind when she snuck in seth 's room at every available moment .
the best thing about miranda breslin , though ?
see , that 's the thing . ''
that 's the best thing about you - how open and honest you are about what you 're feeling .
` ` i also have this thing ... about disappointing people , i guess . ''
` ` the only thing i ' ve ever wanted is someone who will be there for me .
it was the last thing she 'd thought of before falling asleep last night , and the first thing she 'd thought of when she 'd opened her eyes this morning .
chapter eight the worst thing about being a redhead with fair skin ?
but she was the furthest thing from fine .
it 's just ... fuck , call me a loser , but it 's an ego thing , i guess .
the funny thing was , the fact that claire had almost married chris did n't bother him in the slightest anymore .
` ` the only thing i think is that she 's wastin ' her time with you two losers , '' jackson said with a crooked grin .
the last thing i want is for her to settle for a job she 's not passionate about . ''
the only thing missing was dylan 's hard body pressed up behind her , and his absence was a constant source of worry for her .
` ` there 's no such thing as an off - season when it comes to football , '' he said gravely .
dylan makes a good point about the whole cuteness thing . ''
there was only one thing seth masterson hated more than losing , and that was being reminded of losing .
which is why dating is the last thing on my mind right now , and probably wo n't be until danny graduates .
` ` i guess that 's the good thing about living a life of sin - your girl 's away but you 'll still have your man at home , '' seth cracked .
the strangest thing about the date was the way it made her feel .
` ` there 's no such thing as good nuts ! ''
if there was one thing brenda could be counted on , it was not being counted on .
mia had decided a long time ago that there was no such thing as forever .
the best thing about being with mia was that she did n't try to fill every silence .
his past was n't something he liked talking about , and the last thing he wanted to do was ruin this moment of ease and connection with mia .
preaching safe sex was one thing , handing out sex tips was another altogether .
` ` at the end of the day , family is the most important thing you ' ve got .
the subject of shane and tiffany 's wedding did n't come up at all , but the couple 's wedding photo was the first thing jackson encountered when he strode into his childhood home .
and there 's one thing about the good kind of crazy ... it makes for a really good story .
i know i ' m new , but this thing has been nagging at me .
the last thing i need is to get fired for inappropriate behavior .
but as tyler turns on the water in the shower and i step in with shade , the only thing i can see is alex 's face for a second .
the weird thing was , they always stayed friends after , so he had a lot of chick buddies .
since finishing undergrad - since my mom threw my dad out before having her third nervous breakdown in as many years , and dad went running to another family , complete with two new daughters - i ' ve gained probably fifteen or twenty pounds , and the thing about the new me is , i do n't care .
the way he left her there , even if sex was the only thing between them .
they 're closing as he says , ` ` stay ... '' the soft word is the last thing that i hear before a nurse bursts into the room , and cross is gone again .
richard says they 're blurring out my face on the billboards , and one thing i ' m almost sure about hunter is he 's not the type to bid on a woman 's virginity .
i can already tell this place is its own little universe , and the last thing i want is to stick out any more than i already do .
` ` honey , there 's not a thing about you clean , '' priscilla drawls .
but the thing that stands out most in my mind , other than the beautiful , blissful expression on his relaxed face as i worked him toward an orgasm , is his back .
` ` the great thing about getting older is , you change yourself .
i open it hesitantly , trying not to mess up my pretty hair , but it 's all for naught : juniper and loveless throw their arms around me , and the last thing i care about is my hair .
i nod , and he does something funny with his mouth - a thing he does when he 's trying to push something down instead of show his feelings .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned from spending time at st . catherine 's clinc , it 's that i lived a mostly selfish life before .
jesus was one of the bad guys , and the main thing i feel about his death is relief .
i ' m being possessive of my knowledge , because at this point it may be the only thing i have .
i drive the nurses crazy with my questions , and the only thing that gives me any peace is that they 're required to answer me .
the weirdest thing about it was , i never felt real fear .
2 suri napa , california friday , april 19 , 2013 the first thing i notice is how gross my mouth feels .
the first thing i remember after walking out the er 's sliding glass doors is catching a ride with a woman on a motorcycle .
plus- '' he gives me a sudden , catlike grin- ` ` you ' ve just got that angelic glow thing going . ''
after weeks of reckless mania , worry is a strange , disturbing thing .
he just sits there , staring at me without moving or even breathing , and the first thing i feel is a rush of sympathy for him .
that sexy , smoldering thing must run in the family .
the only thing they really had in common was that they were all signed by mr . black .
they say the only thing worse than not getting what you want is getting what you want .
from the moment she 'd met lucien he 'd radiated danger and lust , but right at that moment , cocooned beneath the warmth of his chest , he gave her the last thing she expected , and it turned out to be the thing she needed most of all .
from the moment she 'd met lucien he 'd radiated danger and lust , but right at that moment , cocooned beneath the warmth of his chest , he gave her the last thing she expected , and it turned out to be the thing she needed most of all .
honesty was the one thing her marriage was woefully short on , so lucien 's demand of it in every aspect of his life was something she was coming to admire greatly .
he was n't lonely , and the last thing on his agenda was being shackled to someone else .
wrapped in the fur blanket to protect her from the cold air , the only thing she noticed was the astral majesty overhead .
yet another thing your husband seems to take for granted . ''
of all the emotions lucien knight had aroused in her over the last few days , the one thing she had n't expected to feel was protective .
the last thing she wanted was one of those agonisingly hackneyed arguments over their cd collection .
cast golden in the candlelight , his easy smile and unguarded laughter was such a rare , beautiful thing .
if lucien had taught her one thing , it was to take a risk , not to wait for permission or instruction .
in fact , it was quite modestly proportioned , but its size was the only modest thing about it .
` ` thing is ...
the last thing i ' m interested in is getting involved , especially with some guy who we do n't know from adam .
it was the thing that scared him most about her .
the only thing i miss about the states is you .
` ` the only good thing about birthdays is the kisses , '' he muttered into her open mouth , then kissed her hard and filthy and made her legs weak .
` ` that 's the thing about kara .
the thing he had n't given her back was her heart .
` ` the only thing i do n't know how to deal with is this fucking hot pink polish .
the only thing more offensive than all this was when he removed his pants : his dick was so small it looked as if an acorn had been glue - gunned to a set of balls .
but edwin sutton had one thing that drew people to him in droves : old money .
the only thing more offensive than his looks was his voice .
the thing kyle seemed to be most attracted to in lev was lev 's lack of interest in sex .
the only thing that made him cringe more than being called a ` ` boy '' was being called little .
if there was one thing about kenny he knew to be true , it was his appetite .
but the thing about carson savione that kenny had missed the most was something evan would never have admitted aloud to his son .
the last thing you need now is to get involved with another rough aggressive type who wants to control your life . ''
the only thing he knew about boxing was that guys put on cute outfits and punched each other around .
one thing about fiction he 'd learned was that when people were in pain , they 'd made the same expressions in 1815 as they made in 2012 .
the only thing lacking for evan was the sense of smell .
the last thing evan wanted to see was his son get into a fight .
the only thing that really set him apart from straight men was that he had blond highlights added to his brown hair about once a month .
the only unpleasant thing about it was it never lasted as long as he wanted it to last with harlan .
the last thing treston wanted to do was repeat the story of harlan to anyone .
the one thing that frightened him the most was he knew he would be too old to dance one day and he was n't sure what he would do when the time came .
if treston ever stopped working in the strip club he knew the one thing he would miss the most would be the vicious banter between the guys before a show started .
if there was one thing treston had learned in the years he 'd been stripping for money , it was that nothing , ever , was original .
trust me , honey , when you have to take off your pants and shake your ass around to make a buck , the last thing you eat is too much garlic bread with your pasta fagioli . ''
the one thing he did wish was that his friends at chickey 's could see him with chad pratt .
though treston had been attracted to men this way before , one thing seemed to make this different from all the rest .
the only thing you want is the one thing you know you ca n't have .
another thing about tuesday night treston had learned to expect was sex .
if there was one thing treston hated more than anything , it was being confined .
for one thing , cooper hated to say no to a man who begged that way .
but he finally convinced him the only thing he wanted was to be left alone so he could think .
the last thing he heard before everything went blank was a screech , followed by a bang so loud it rocked the van .
he sent treston a backward glance , threw the felt sunflower music box against the wall , and said , ` ` the one thing i do n't get is you seem to enjoy taking all kinds of shit from assholes like the creepy park ranger , yet the one man who says he loves you and does n't give a good fuck about your past is the one man you push away .
the only other thing that did was the way javier seemed to be able to soothe away the pain .
sandra was the closest thing to a friend he had .
i missed seeing your face first thing in the morning , and i want that to be the first thing i see every morning and the last thing i see at night . ''
the only thing that ever really set him apart from the other men was that he often carried a large portfolio to the office instead of a briefcase .
the one thing he 'd always liked about guys like brad was that they were clean and they smelled like soap .
the only thing they had in common was that they were attracted to men .
in fact , if my arrangement with brad stopped the flowers would be the one thing i 'd miss about the entire situation . ''
if there was such a thing , toby must have been daydreaming when the sweet , sensitive side of brad appeared in public , because he 'd never seen it .
what an odd thing to be interested in , '' i said , but even as i was saying this , i thought about some of the odd things that drew me to sean : his massiveness , his rough and tough demeanor and the way he emanated an energy that commanded obedience and respect , much like a king , or maybe even a high priest would .
in my world there was no such thing as being treated well .
there was one thing my father failed miserably at trying to teach me , and that was obedience .
that was it , the thing i could not put my finger on , the thing that was different now .
i needed to know that there was such a thing as a gentle man , that the world was not all darkness and misery .
another thing i had a really hard time admitting was the fact that no matter how crazy or confusing i found it , i was falling in love with sean .
one thing i liked to share most with addy was long intervals of uninterrupted silence .
the disappointment felt like thick mud oozing through me , when i realized that the only thing that had gone away for a while was me .
there was one thing that threw a wrench in the gears that were turning this theory around in my head ; bane loves me .
i wanted the last thing i ever saw to be the dark , gooey , blackness inside of me .
one thing isabelle knew for certain was that something bad was about to happen , and that this was n't impacting her the way that it should have been .
her voice would be the last thing i would ever hear .
she just does n't get the whole adrenaline - junky thing .
as far as material possessions went , it had been the only thing i had really wanted .
the only thing wrong with this picture was that i was nt sitting on it in front of her , her hands clutching me .
then , she quickly added , not that being compared to your mother is a bad thing , its just .
the last thing that i wanted was for dara to bombard me with more questions that i was nt prepared to answer .
that was the one thing my dad and i had in common : a penchant for fine , sleek , fast vehicles .
if there was one thing that i had to admit about stone hamilton , besides the fact that he was dangerous , it was that he was exciting .
for us , the most important thing is being together .
that is the one nice thing about trying to forget your past ; you never want to hold on to anything .
the rising and falling of his chest is the most comforting thing in the world and i know when i fall asleep tonight , i will be safe .
the last thing i want to talk about after our confessions of love is his marriage .
the last thing i need is everyone talking about the woman crying in the handicap stall of the womens bathroom .
the only thing ruining my night is not knowing where the hell mia is .
but gary had a keen mind and a wicked , offbeat sense of humor that complimented carla to a t. perhaps the thing that struck anne the most about gary was that he had a loving expression whenever he looked at his wife .
the last thing he needed was another relationship .
then there was the attraction thing that , at times , felt like much more .
the last thing you need , especially now , is your father in your life messing it up . ''
i had anticipated this moment all evening , and was looking forward to thinking it all through , but i fell asleep within minutes of putting my head down , and the last thing on my mind as i drifted off was the feel of angus body against mine .
the first thing i noticed was the intensely alluring smell of blood .
the only thing i felt was satisfaction .
she tried to remember from where she recognized this sense of affliction , as if being observed , and finally it hit her : she had felt the same thing on the day she had bought the phone and had been followed while returning home .
now , that was one more thing she did nt need : to deal with rumors .
and the most annoying thing is that it looks like she derives special pleasure in bugging me .
there 's only one thing i d like you to explain me : now he speaks to you ?
the only thing missing was lucas wearing a label on his forehead saying lost one .
in a way , she already expected it , but hope was the last thing to die .
the first thing she saw was lucas face .
there s this amazing push - pull thing going on with us .
he laughs and the sound of it does the same thing to me that it did the first time .
the last thing i need is for everyone to know i m professor kellys daughter .
i ve felt that same thing so many times .
how when your will is taken from you , the last thing you want to do is give it up again freely .
the last thing i need is to start the whole psycho - girl image on campus .
that s the thing about depression , it is nt soft and quiet , lulling me to sleep .
the truth is i could never forget one thing about jules .
the last thing she needs is him putting the moves on her and kissing her so she can barely think straight .
` ` the last thing i need is a bachelor brother who never really wanted to be a bachelor in the first place , '' sabin shot back .
she deserved perfection , and perfection was one thing he would nt gamble with .
its the only thing keeping her safe .
she s the only thing brianna has left .
one thing he knew for sure was that there was no way he was letting this sweet little coffee shop girl go anytime soon .
considering what she 'd been through the past few days , the only thing she wanted at that point was to stay nestled in his embrace - safe and protected .
peters large frame leaned on the door to the gym , the one thing he actually liked about the rundown , makeshift group home .
one thing you should know about sam is he s not much of a complainer .
for one thing , he truly enjoyed spending time with sam .
the food was simple , but the way cameron set everything upthe boat ride , the secluded cove , the elegant place settings ... those things were what made it romantic .
the only thing finley had going for him by this time was sheer stubbornness , and laura knew they were going to need whatever help she could offer to get him up and over the edge .
one thing i love about casteloria is summer .
the only thing i m not sure of right now is how long it will be before i collapse if you do nt feed me soon .
muscles that a former governor might envy , bald as a billiard ball , a neatly trimmed mustache and goatee the only thing to soften his face .
the only thing that distinguished them from the others was that they had grownor had been plantedin a sort of triangle , nothing that would have caught her attention if she had nt been looking for something out of the ordinary .
a little , but i think knowing brendan and i are alive might be the only thing that saves us from her wrath .
i expect you , as the closest thing to a brother i ve ever had , to stand up with me .
the only thing he had to look forward to was being with her .
the only thing he was missing was a tie .
the only thing disturbing the silence was charles snoring .
another thing that did nt help was that he also had a very skilled , well - connected lawyer on his side -- mr . carl holden , actually .
your temperature is normal , there s no congestion in your chest , and you say that the only thing that bothering you is nausea ?
the only thing he wanted was another gulp of the homemade liquor he grasped in his hand .
the only thing different was christian was home .
one thing she liked about grandmas was they did nt care .
the older man was so covered up that the only thing he could see despite the added luminosity were his cold blue eyes .
he was still there , the only thing missing was a bow or a note with my name pinned to his forehead .
the only thing stopping me from a total meltdown was what he had said .
the coolest thing is there s always a story behind whatever she picked .
one thing he did know was that during the past few hours she had worked herself up into a bad state of mind , and she was nt going to let her guard down in a hurry .
she had already been down that road once , the last thing she wanted was to make a mistake and repeat the past .
she had some big brothers and cousins and the last thing he wanted was a black eye and broken arm .
now once again it had been drink that had robbed him of the one thing he loved in the world .
the funny thing was he thought , their cheering me but i bet that nobody know who i am .
the only thing that gave me any relief was the cold tile floor .
when i walked inside , i saw that the only thing that had changed was that all my plants had died .
` ` for one thing , scott loves and adores you .
the last thing i wanted was a headache with my lunch .
the thing about my particular talent is that sometimes , i do nt really buy that others can not hear my thoughts .
lets see , you know next to nothing about me , and i do nt know anything about you except your name , your car and that you have a weird thing about welcoming new people to the school .
so if you do nt not want me around , is that the same thing as wanting me around ?
that s the whole staying aloof thing .
the murmur of minds coming from the line was the first thing i heard before i stretched out my parameters .
because that s the thing i did nt understand about fate : there s always a moment when you do have a choice .
i m counting down the days until i can put a thousand miles between me and dad , and carina too , but there s one thing tainting the thought of my escape : the fact ill be leaving mom too .
its the most dizzying thing i ve ever felt before , heartbreakingly pure .
the only thing i could focus on was that touch .
one thing about these boys -- they could drink !
the funny thing was , i did nt know why i was as upset as i was .
` ` is this a universal thing ? ''
one thing this ranch has is plenty of space .
there was one good thing to be said about having a limited budget : it prevented one from overindulging , and if four - course lunches were de rigueur at bostoff securities , she would have to acquire formidable self - restraint .
the one thing dennis refused to give up was his shoes .
` ` one thing i found in this place is that work will always be here for you the next day .
as he had read in various ' how to succeed ' books , personal appearance was the first thing people noticed about a person .
the tricky thing about money was that the more you made , the more you wanted to spend .
` ` well , for one thing , their client base is anything but stellar .
for one thing , if lisa were n't such a dingbat , she would n't be working at bostoff in the first place .
paul , usually a little shy , solemnly explained , it is nt important how good it sounds ; the most important thing is if it makes you feel happy .
the only thing i knew was that i could not stay in that house and area any longernot living next door to his parents hatred .
their shoes had been polished the night before and were the last thing they would put on before leaving .
the only thing he saw or remembered was the gorgeous woman that he loved and wanted to be with forever .
the good thing about everyone working hard on the ranch , they were usually hungry and were willing to eat whatever was put in front of them .
as margerys father was out of work more often than not , this talent was the only thing that kept the family respectably dressed .
they wanted her to take up golf but she had declined , using the business as an excuse but really because she had no interest in sport , she played a bit of tennis from time to time but even then she did not take it seriously and if there was one thing she had learnt about these women , it was that they took their golf very seriously .
margery breathed a sigh of relief , the last thing she wanted was to move just as she was beginning to make progress with her business .
and you re leading him on , he s there whenever you call , he knows your family and friends , he eats with you at least twice a week , sometimes more , he is like a father to your children and the only thing you wo nt allow him is access to your bed .
one thing she was sure of was that as soon as she left the house he would get down to some serious drinking .
it was cruel of him to abandon his children like that , that was one thing barbara could not forgive him for .
ill make an appointment for three thirty on monday , i ve got a free period last thing .
the last thing i would remember in this moment were my own words stuck in my head like a bad song playing over and over again -- you asked for this .
i m really into contract law , for one thing .
his accent was by far the sexiest thing about him .
at least it would stop the boredom and give him some thing to do , the last thing he wanted right now was to end up playing darts every day of his life just like brian .
the last thing that he wanted to do was fall out with her .
although it had been more of a sort of mate thing , but now this had all changed , all of a sudden it had been turned into the parent type of feelings .
the only thing that did cheer him up was maureens pretty face opposite him , and her occasional smile and pretend kiss that she threw his way .
the only thing that had come out of the evening for matthew was the fact that it really was over between eileen and him .
this was the one thing about dawn he had never thought she was in to .
the only thing she missed was to see his children , but like so many other familys she had to be content with looking at photos .
the last thing she heard before sleep swept her away was hadjas chuckle , her soft steps back to the kitchen .
a kid entered wearing a black bandana , a thing he did nt understand for a second .
at least , the closest thing to an ally she had in town .
he never once stopped reading , and the last thing i heard before falling asleep was his rumbling voice .
the only thing her men had in common were there large bank balances , something elliott evidently did nt have .
it was the only thing she had left of my father .
chapter 15 the good thing about retching on an empty stomach is that there is no mess .
the first thing i noticed when i walked through the threshold was the temperature .
its the first thing i see each morning and the last thing i see each night before i go to bed .
its the first thing i see each morning and the last thing i see each night before i go to bed .
all the traditional things duty , honor , country , and family .
the strangest thing about it was the way it appeared to me ; a terminal point lay half - covered by the turf , nestled against some grey shale and peat , but i could see its whole length superimposed over the turf .
it was the only thing that was keeping her together the hope that she could solve things from the data she got today .
it had been the only thing that had saved him from being trapped in the pit with those two men staring down at him .
' imaginings are one thing , acts are another ' that 's the only thing he said to me when the soldiers came to arrest me .
that 's always been one thing i ' ve admired about him that he does n't let his work spill over into how he treats my mother . ''
yeah , well , the odd thing about me is that i sober up as quickly as i can get drunk .
but there s one thing she s new to a death threat .
arrogance and confidence are n't the same thing .
my wallet , my phone , my keys my car 's still unlocked , thank god , which is the only thing that keeps me from having a complete and total breakdown in front of the cunninghams ' gate .
the only thing missing was frank , who had gone to the williams with nathan and jerry to help erect their barn .
the only thing that kept him from being a complete no one was that he played on the schools baseball team and he d been one of the best players .
when apart , if we think really hard about something , our mate can see that particular thought in a dream or a vision type thing .
its the same thing as us being able to talk to each other in wolf form but it only happens in human form .
bruce did nt answer , the only thing that broke the silence was the sound of johns voice .
what ll be the best thing about being married to you ?
the only other thing that was hitting me really hard was my emotions .
his chin and face shape were the same as alexs but really , that s the only thing they had in common .
well that s interesting , but that does nt explain your leverage thing .
the thing that bothered me most was the fact that if nichole had nt found any of that out , she would have killed me , selena and our baby , granted , selena would have lived but seth would nt have , nor would have i. i did nt understand why jesse had done this , it did nt make sense to me .
the thing that frustrates me is that you do nt even love selena .
no , that s not entirely it , i mean that weapon is very dangerous , but that s not the only thing .
we drove threw pike county and i admired the land , it was humid but you have to remember that i lived in california most of my life , humidity was nt an alien thing to me .
my voice is still doing that quivery thing .
its every fucking thing .
the last thing she wanted was to run out of gas on main street and bump into noah on his way home from the wedding that was n't .
the thing about being sober was that it made you see things you did n't want to see .
the best thing about noah was the way he could be just as silly as the rest of them .
the bad thing about living in a town as small as idle point was the way that everyone knew everyone else 's business .
everyone knew that the only thing ben taylor liked better than liquor was marrying the wrong woman .
# the first thing noah noticed when gracie climbed out of her car was her smile .
the second thing he noticed was her body .
there were times she felt that the sound of her voice was the only thing keeping their family together .
the only thing he was grateful for was that del would never know about this .
leave it to him to ask for water , the one thing she had n't offered .
for one thing it made her feel closer to simon , as if she were somehow making up for a lifetime of mistakes .
gracie always had a lot of physical energy to burn , and she had quickly discovered that the best thing about living in manhattan was the walking .
it was the only good thing about what was shaping up to be an extremely bad morning .
there was wardrobe , for one thing .
# one thing noah had learned since he became an instant daddy three months ago was that murphy 's law was not only true , it had probably been discovered by a single father .
the last thing gracie wanted was to hear the whole story in all of its sordid detail but noah was out of his mind with anger and pain .
but the absolute best thing about being a writer is being read .
he sat against a cool wall , the only thing keeping him upright .
brother gabriel is the nearest thing to a father i have ever known .
the thing is , my mom and cheerleading go together like peanut butter and jelly .
the only thing missing is my last meal .
the last thing i need is another reason to be the odd one out .
i mean , aside from looks , intelligence is the most attractive thing to me .
the last thing i need is to deliver an impressive tko in front of the massive crowd of fans and totally ruin the second half of the game , due to center court being taken over by a team of paramedics hovering over a laid - out cheerleader .
the last thing we need is for your mom to catch us doing that , he says , his eyes widening .
apparently , becca notices the same thing .
but i did nt mention that to becca , because the last thing she needed was another reason to rearrange summers face .
it makes me feel good that he notices every little thing about me , even when i think he does nt .
it was brought on by one thing : my abrupt realization that this will all be over soon .
6 the great thing about working with cars was that gray had been doing it for so long , he could lose himself in it .
yet the thing that struck me the most was when that one kiss ended , the way he looked at me .
if there was one thing dallas okeefe had learned , it was that human error could be deadly .
grays cousin was right about one thing : he was nt listening .
the only thing jt did that pissed me off was date adrianna sparks , the blonde cheerleading captain and overall bitchy bimbo .
the last thing i needed was to be spending more and more time with him .
one thing our football team had going into this game was home ground advantage ; the atmosphere here was electric .
which made it very hard to decipher the kind of person he really was , but one thing i knew for sure was that he s a troublemaker .
that s the thing ; i was scared of making the wrong decision .
the last thing i needed was gossip following me around on monday .
chapter 9 the one thing i ve always hated more about high school was that the line between a rumor and the truth could get amazingly blurred .
beths safety was the only thing that mattered .
the last thing she wanted at the moment was a pity party .
she called out , relief a tangible thing .
for one thing , there was the tricky issue of actually finding the girl .
but the one thing she had never been was lonely .
that s one thing i ve always admired about you paige .
the people , she mused , applying chocolate brown liner to her eyes with a practiced hand , were the one thing she truly did miss about new york , even if she sometimes wished they were a little quieter as they went about their day .
it was the only thing besides the throb of my side that had bothered me since leaving grahamstown .
being near this many drunk people was nt my favorite thing , and daphne knew that , so i was curious why she chose a place i would hate for our girls night .
it must be the extra - finger thing , another kid said , craning his neck to get a better look at my hands .
chapter two lets be clear about one thing : lucas thayer the third , heir of thayer house , was obnoxious but also extremely good - looking .
* * * aside from choice of majors , the other thing that separated the poor / smart kids from the rich / dumb kids was how we paid for our education .
the weirdest thing is his posture .
one thing that always shocked me about the square was the amount of homeless people begging in the streets .
i guess one thing i appreciate is that he does nt fire everyone at my company .
initially we were using a condom but stopped because of the sensitivity thing .
i was a human resources director for thirty years , and if there s one thing i know , its how to judge a good egg .
the guy was wearing a suit and tie , for one thing , rather than a wife - beater t - shirt .
that was the thing about living in a world in which it was a very likely possibility that you could end up as someone else 's meal before lunchtime , you ' ve got to be very good at shooting .
there were a few decaying bodies lying throughout the area , their stench choking in its ferocity ; the sound of buzzing flies was the only thing to break up the cacophony of feeder sounds above .
the first thing he took notice of was nicks pissed off expression and taking one look at his hair , it was easy to see why .
there is not a fucking thing wrong with you .
not the best thing to have in common , huh ?
he continued , you re like the daughter of our maker , the closest thing to having a goddess on earth .
but nownow it just felt like something she was doing because it was the only thing she knew .
hormones raging , skin burning , lips flaming , the only thing that stops us from exchanging more of our body fluids are the stern looks being thrown our way by the old couple sitting in front .
one great thing about agnas ?
at least now , my embarrassment is completely foregone by the irritation at his lack of upkeep.the only thing distracting me now is that heady mix of musk , shaving cream and a distinctlymale scent .
right now , the only thing that s bothering her is not that she s going to die .
the thing about falling for the hot bad guy isits a hell of a ride going up but an incredible low coming down .
the only thing i feel now is guilt and self - loathing .
that last thing i expect from our life together is contentment .
a negative vote is the last thing i m worried about .
then , as if the only thing holding him together was the task of delivering those official details , tears spilled from his eyes .
seeing mark and the twins almost every day these last four months had nt changed a thing .
good looking was one thing .
i refuse to let the darkness take one more thing from me !
if it never changes , i still would nt feel deprived of one thing .
it was the only thing that explained the words that had just come from her mouth .
the single gold leaf had an extra sparkly , glittery , shimmering thing going on .
it was to only thing that made sariel patient with his friend as he looked into his angry face .
the last thing i wanted was a lecture .
the feeling of love that we had for each other embraced us even though we did nt hold one another , our lips were the only thing that touched .
the one thing that never made sense was the whole , she will be so beautiful that no human can look directly at her , bit .
the only thing that made it tolerable was that i insisted all but maalik remain invisible .
i watched him walk off , strength radiating from him like a physical thing .
armaros was the first created , the oldest , his presence was so strong it was almost a physical thing .
i smiled before even opening my eyes knowing the first thing i d see was my angel .
the fight itself was surprising , but was not the thing that had the girls standing side by side , frozen in place .
damn it , the last thing he needed right now was gummedup eyes .
i think the best thing about being dead is no longer paying for public transportation .
one thing i did like about michael is that he did nt seem to hold grudges , even when i was in the wrong .
still , the thing that bothered me most was the object in her hand that looked like a hand - held sickle .
the only thing that had changed about aunt carmens demeanor was that she was shocked to see me .
you re the only thing i have left to believe inyou and that little angel waiting for us .
it felt like a warm , radiant light in my chest : comforting , soothing , and yet the most powerful thing i d ever experienced .
the thing you want most !
the thing is i have only really spoken to her properly once .
her scent filled my car and was doing things to my body .
which was also another thing bothering me ?
the last thing she wanted to do was rehash old relationships and with thorsen , no less .
then that must be the only thing that has nt changed , because my life is now shit , and that s thanks to you .
that was the other good thing about the slower winter monthsshe got to experiment with the selection of coffee and baked goods she offered in the caf portion of her book store .
dads grip on jonathans shoulders was the only thing keeping him upright .
that fragile thread of hope was the only thing keeping him alive .
the last thing she saw before she passed out were jasons blue eyes , hovering over her .
the only thing that she still wanted , and had always wanted , was jason .
his light blue eyes had been the first thing she had seen as she lay on the side of the pool .
shed always loved his smile ; it was the second thing shed noticed about him , after all .
chapter eight when jason woke up the next morning , the first thing he saw was an owls butt hovering over his face .
he d enjoyed their travels and the only thing that could have possibly made it better was if they d done them together , instead of him following her , out of sight .
the only thing he 'd discovered was that , even when he was inside her , this woman had not been completely with him .
right now , i have a lot of things on my mind and the last thing i need is another distraction .
that was the last thing anna needed .
one good thing about working nights was that her personal electricity bill was much lower than it could have been .
but , the sexiest thing about her was the neat mound of her ever growing belly that she had made no attempt to conceal this morning .
it was the one thing he had in common with victoria .
it was one thing that she and victoria had in common .
the one thing she did know about steven was that he was n't the type of man who had women coming and going in his life .
its no fair witches have that super model beauty thing anyway .
the thing with deans eyes is very curious , but between you and finn that just tells me that you too have electricity , she teased .
he is safer yes , but there is no such thing as a safe vampire , anita cautioned .
you were able to kiss me , because unfortunately i dig the whole hot bad boy thing .
i looked into the face that was the last thing so many small creatures of this forest saw .
it had been a very long day already , and the last thing i was looking forward to was another party .
he is mysterious , he has a little of that bad boy thing , and he never lets you down .
the thing i do nt understand is your parents are elves , and they would nt have had the ability to bind your powers .
the only thing that saved me from puking all over the hallway was i had nt eaten for more hours than i could remember .
if there was one thing jackson was incapable of , it was leering .
that was the thing with jackson and me .
that was the thing i never got used to with shifters .
the last thing she remembered before the floor jumped up to greet her was the look of absolute horror on her aunts bloodless face .
now , not that i give a tinkers damn , but nonetheless forgive me for being so blunt when i say that every single thing about you disgusts me .
he d talk , and every now and then he d tell me something , then say , that s an important thing in life ; remember it .
first thing i want is a warm shower that comes from a water heater and has shampoo and conditioner nearby .
instead , he had explained the energy thing .
curiously , that was one thing about her he really did want to have a relationship about .
the one thing every living creature needed .
the only thing that bugged him about going to this coffee shop was knowing rachael had a crush on him .
the only good thing about that tight wet suit was it fit like a whole body girdle .
i could nt imagine one thing changing about him .
heres michael , this really tall , muscular guy , and he totally has this vibe about him , this tough guy thing going on .
i m sure that icy , mysterious stare works on all the girls , but it does nt do a thing for me .
worst thing about it is that he was nt really upsetting me .
no , i just know that its not a thing , its a who , i admit frankly .
then again , i suppose if you re going to do something this important , there s no such thing as overly cautious .
the thing was , michael is a really good guy .
you know the one thing about being ancient ?
the first thing i see is vincents beautiful blue eyes .
vincent has been the only thing on my mind lately .
however , the one thing you forgot about this pseudo persona , is love .
to know that ritcherd wanted her in his future was the best thing she had ever known .
in the moments his mind was coherent , he filled his thoughts with her , and the one thing that kept him sane was the vision of returning home to kyrah .
you re a narrow - minded , self - centered snob , and you have taken from me the only thing that ever mattered to me .
and being at sea is about the only thing in this life that gives me any pleasure .
the only thing garret did nt take in stride was the way george morley frequently burst into the captains cabin to get his attention .
its uncertainty was perhaps the most frightening thing of all .
the only thing i found was emotional intensity possibly from an overload of electromagnetic fields .
the thing is ( like you told me ) if i get mixed energy singles , i get overloaded and i ca nt read the real message and i get confused .
that s the thing with worrying .
as he arrived outside amys house the first thing that he noticed was a large red chevrolet sudan sitting on the driveway by the side of the house .
the last thing he remembered was seeing amy looking over her shoulder and giving him what he thought was a sly smile , then she turned to her escort and gave him a kiss on the cheek grabbed his arm and together they walked out .
for one thing , you get this stupid expression on your face every time you hear his name .
we must have lost our way , because the last thing i remember is tripping over something and hitting my head .
* * * when mary ann turned the tower and started back , the first thing she noticed was sluggishness .
he wanted , craved the same thing .
darrens muscles were nt the only thing about him that was hard now .
because if there was one thing morgan could count on big al for , it was his instinctive assessment of the human character .
the last thing she wanted was to dance with this rake .
the only thing she wanted was to be closer to him .
honour went with honesty and being brave that was the thing his father had taught him and those fleet street hacks would catch him out anyway , so it was better to do it on his own terms .
it was neither one thing nor the other , but a combination of lees dramatic appearance and the poignancy of the words he had used not about prejudice and shame which was neither here nor there but about making his dead father proud , for that had always been the driving force behind lewiss tennis the platform on which he had built his young life .
the last thing i heard was , stupid bitch !
the oddest thing was the intense clarity inside my mind .
when it comes to the sexes there is no such thing as a level footing .
you see that was the thing with leslie ... you had to have something to bound over .
the thing was i could feel them leaving .
the thing about pictures is , even if the person in the picture is long gone or has changed the memory that the picture contains never changes .
in my mind , i liked to pretend that i had some people would actually loved me in my life , but the thing about dreaming and pretending is eventually you have to wake up .
i prayed i was never like that , clinging onto to someone for dear life as if they were the last thing you had .
he looked at me as if he were actually interested in what i had to say and that was a rare thing .
when we entered , the first thing i saw was a man with extremely tight pants on .
i think all4u was that one special thing i needed in my life .
do n't worry , crying will be the absolute last thing on the agenda today .
that was the thing , kade was the one who showed me how to feel and without him ... i was numb .
the one thing that makes me happy is you ...
you ' ve changed me so much and i feel like you ' ve watched me grow up these past few months , but that 's the thing .
the last thing she wanted was for her to feel trapped .
the last thing he wanted to do was think about danica .
the last thing he needed was someone elses mess on his plate .
i have no idea what normal is , but one thing i know is that no one is living like i do .
the last thing danica wanted was to go to the wedding and see blake .
the only thing that kept him hanging on was the thought of living to see his last granddaughter wear the traditional family wedding gown , the one that had belonged to his late wife .
however , we were happy for one thing regarding the public exams , that our teachers would not be evaluating our exam papers .
the other thing that depressed me was my english marks ; that was the worst of all the marks i received .
at the very moment i saw her eyes , i felt like falling deep into the well named her eyes how deep is it really , i went on falling however , i never could see its bottom , the only thing i could imagine is that the depth of her eye well is unimaginable i know like was the love one goes on falling but could never see its depth being like this how could i say ?
perhaps the thing that set him apart from most men was the care he put into the things he invested in .
there were plenty of other places that would take her money , and the only thing she would miss about tara was the money she brought in .
he was messed up , but the one thing he did know was that for the first time since lori had been killed , he d felt the ice block around his heart start to melt , and it was all because of this woman .
the only thing he felt was shame that he had worked for luccio for so long , and helped cover up all the terrible things he had done .
his eyes were still tender and spoke of every good thing he felt in his heart .
10 its a funny thing about coming homelooks the same , smells the same , feels the sameyoull realize what s changed is you .
there 's one other disturbing thing about the kills .
last thing we need is to frighten anyone .
the last thing we need is more pressure .
you have nothing on me , and the only thing i feel for you is pity . ''
the other thing she hated was one night stands .
it was probably the most frustrating thing about him .
the only thing that made them better than research was that they did nt stink .
that was one good thing about mr . montgomeryhe always tried to get something out of the company .
this lack of self - control was a foreign thing .
the only thing that kept her going , that convinced her that binders would nt cut it , was having a department full of crazy , smirking art people thinking they were better than research .
my boss meant wellthe thing about my company that i like best is that everyone is loyal to their subordinates and to the company .
she yearned for the same thing , hands loosened , allowing his draw to pull her closer .
he s been the only thing holding me together for so long that i m not sure how to live without him .
allie does n't have time to get out of the way and the last thing i hear is her blood - curdling scream as the car hits her and she s tossed in the air , bouncing on the hood of the car .
that was the thing about living in a world in which it was a very likely possibility that you could end up as someone elses meal before lunchtime , you ve got to be very good at shooting .
it took every single thing in me to keep from leaping toward the front seat and strangling him with my bare hands .
and the only thing that kept me glued to my seat with hands tucked under my thighs and my teeth biting down painfully on my bottom lip was that i was trying to be a good role model for page .
the only thing my brain seemed to care about at the moment was nelson .
consequentially , nelson was the only thing my body cared about at the moment , too .
heres the thing about that .
the silent tracking of nelson and hendrixs footprints was the only thing that occupied us outwardly .
but his help was the last thing i needed , or wanted .
the only thing they are capable of living for is their addiction to human flesh .
hendrixs soft words , whispered into my hair were the only thing that tethered me to sanity .
he obeyed her every word , which was endearing since i d seen the same thing from page .
the thing about this was that there was no going back .
hunting knives were definitely dangerous , and better than nothing but the thing about them was you had to be in very close range to use them .
the important thing was that , to most of the participants as well as to the spectators , the display of opulence seemed to have enormous significance .
one thing was true of cornelia : she understood perfectly the nuance of color .
the last thing i need is your ...
and yet so many things made sense now : he had never kissed her , for one thing .
they understand one thing , and one thing only : money .
they understand one thing , and one thing only : money .
the only thing daring about this outfit is the crotchless drawers , '' olivia said , squirming in annoyance .
donna wanted what she had up on that stage and that was one thing he could nt give her .
she was wrong , for one thing .
the only thing she could hear clearly was the beating of her own heart .
its not that she wo nt trust you , the thing isshe really does nt know how to trust herself anymore .
but the most unladylike thing about susannah when she walked into her home was that , due to a sudden and oddly not - metaphorical downpour , she was soaking wet .
she smiled then too , her nerves picking up every little thing about this moment .
fine , fine , well all stay , she spat out , but if i sense one thing that i think is suspicious , we are so out of here .
sexy , beautiful , would be much better , the last thing a woman wants to be called , is cute .
yes , that is one thing i appreciate about modern times , technology has a great many advantages , roderic stated .
the sleep thing applies to you , too , she pushed .
so calm niall , you re getting better at hiding your emotions ; it was always the thing that got you in trouble , your inability to control them , he told him snidely .
but the other thing you have to realize is you ca nt distort the truth , making it suit your point of view , eve pointed out to her .
she could see that she was getting through , so she pressed on , talking to eve quietly , calmly , even though that was the last thing that she was feeling .
i hate that you have that sixth sense thing , we trust it , but really kev , i wish you would nt be quite so dramatic .
the first thing kevan noticed when she stepped outside was the quiet .
she looked to caleb , who smiled , feeling the same thing as kevan .
the last thing , i remember was having s ... kevan blushed , as she quickly changed what she had been about to say .
the only thing that was making it bittersweet was the fact that caleb was nt going to be by her side .
that is one thing that we camerons are , we are tough .
he looked the same physically , but that was the only thing that was the same .
that s the thing that i m not so sure about , its not like we have a lot of time to spare * * * kaitlyn sat on the shoreline watching everyone else inch their way slowly across the narrow bridge .
his eyes turned dull and empty , as the one thing that he had always believed he would never find , was torn from him .
i decided to join them in the hopes that perhaps within them lived the old age secret one of lasting love : a thing as elusive as forgotten dreams .
i was a great lover , perhaps , the greatest lover to have ever walked the earth a thing that was paired with my romantic genes .
the funniest thing about time is that it has the ability to turn a stone into a diamond , beauty into dust .
he had told her that defending and protecting others was the most important thing to him .
synchronized coffee drinking ; one more little thing they had in common .
for one thing , i had nt a clue as to his present statussingle , married , divorced , living in my hometown , in town on business , or whatever .
the one thing that is not ideal about this , aside from not having the ring , is the fact that we are sharing a tiny , thin - walled cabin with two other people , he lamented as we pulled away from each other again .
and the living in richmond thing , i said and immediately thought about adam teasing me about my hesitation about where i was from .
the other unique thing about my apartment building was that we had a superintendent something that has mostly been replaced by large management companies that contract out on - call repair services , but not here .
i am not like that sherry but there is one thing in you ask what ?
rinisha listen to that jism2 song abhi abhi it is nice very nice , i like listening songs in night mostly sad songs and ghazals and that your so called sister she is idiot , stupid , mad but the only thing that she is good is she wants to be like you and i do nt deserve you , you know one marriage proposal has come the boy is a film actor in south but he is 30 and i am 23 , hey my brother in law had called may be he need to speak to my sister lets talk later .
that was the nice thing about playing to other musicians .
just another thing he could nt understand about her .
she was thankful for one thing .
he s perfect to love because there was no way they could ever be a thing .
for a while , eva thought she might have one thing that set her apart from the sister who had everything , but soon after eva started playing the guitar seriously , gabriele decided she would , too , and quickly demonstrated that they had both inherited musical genes from their mothers side .
ugh , that communication thing you two got going on is creepy .
last thing i needed was little miss prim and proper muscling in .
the only thing i was getting behind this stall door was hot .
that s the thing about being a virgin .
that was another thing i liked but pretended not to .
i knew what i had to do but hated the idea of disappointing him , the closest thing to a parent i d ever had .
he d never been mine , but i could nt help feeling that i was losing something , that the thing i needed most was being ripped from me .
the only thing that really helped was seeing her smiling face .
` ` i have job security , for one thing .
` ` not one thing ? ''
the last thing she ever wanted was to hurt her beloved gil .
the heat of his hand when it landed on her shoulder burned through layers of wool and flannel to the skin beneath , telegraphing his rare , dependable sort of comfortthe exact thing she hungered for .
that was the last thing he needed today .
he was really the only thing that mattered to her .
the last thing he wanted was his mother to hear any of this .
chapter 3 the sun warming my face was the first thing i became aware of .
the only thing i could make out about the flag was that it was cream colored , not black .
it was a heady thing , sometimes , just to be in his presence .
you see , the thing about crossing realms is that you lose the memories of the place you left behind .
the one thing he missed most from his christian days was the time he spent alone in the word .
the only thing that lessened the pain was large quantities of alcohol .
funny thing about mirrors , they reflect the truth .
that whole clouding my judgment thing is very true at the moment .
one thing the game held sacred was respect for anyone 's honest effort .
sabrina always put relationships first ; he 'd always considered that a female thing .
when the boat lurched in a wave and he ended up with her hips in his hands to steady her , his admiration was n't the only thing that grew in response .
likely the last thing she needed right now was to deal with him .
it 's a cool thing about baseball , that it does n't kowtow to time . ''
it 's my favorite thing about the place .
claire 's father knew one thing well , and that one thing had nothing to do with human relationships .
` ` i hate to tell you , '' he said , also standing , ` ` but brains are the last thing on my mind right now . ''
` ` heat , dr . brandon , is precisely the thing . ''
the thing about me and karri is we go way back , all the way to second grade when i caught her picking a wedgie behind a bucket of playground equipment .
i focus on the first thing that catches my eye , his gleaming silver belt buckle .
probably the only thing of value is the booming stereo system , which rattles my bedroom windows .
the best thing about my job is , this money is all mine .
as if every girl in your condition does not claim the very same thing .
and by the time i reached puberty , i was so sick that sex was the last thing on my mind .
for one thing , life would be a living hell for you without the excitement of jumping .
however , one thing eilish prided herself on was getting as realistic an impression of life in other times as she could .
she wondered if her condition was the only thing he found interesting about her .
the only thing that made sense to him was the smile of a lovely , young woman who thought she was from the future .
the last thing she wanted was for him to stop .
the last thing i needed was to burn the place down .
another pushy guy was the last thing i needed right now .
the not so great thing about having nolan as my roommatewho lived with me predominantly to keep an eye on the house while i was deployedwas this : i wanted to come home and not worry about anything but laying my tired ass in my own bed .
at least one thing had nt changed while i was gone : our shared tastes in pizza .
the last thing i needed was that kind of distraction .
the last thing i needed was world war three on my hands .
probably the thing you want most right now , grace reasoned softly , is home .
heavy lids covered her blue eyes , the first thing he noticed when she looked up at him .
the last thing she wanted to do was push him away from god entirely .
and the only thing that kept clint from pummeling brad then and there was the lost lamb expression on jess 's face .
the only thing he did know , she was all he could think of .
the first thing she saw was a tangle of white sheets .
soon , the only thing left was a million pieces of shattered emotions .
just one more thing in his list of the day 's debacles to stoke his already foul mood .
the last thing he remembered before he lost consciousness was the sickening thump his back made as it connected with a watermelon sized rock .
time , the one thing both of them had plenty of , gave them the hours they needed to reconnect .
the thing that tormented him the most however , was the fact that he would never be able to compete with samson in the suicide race .
since the day had been so disappointing this might just be the thing he needed to cheer himself up .
the one thing that he did have on his side was extreme stubbornness and in the end he got everything hooked up and ready to go .
the only thing that has nt changed is that they are still bloody blaming the whites for their failures .
she stared at the fire , feeling deep down that time was the one thing they did nt have .
it was the first thing she became aware of .
its one of the things i love best about this place .
it seemed the horn was the only thing that was solidly maintained on the car .
there is no such thing as security , only the overwhelming need to have it .
tall and sexy , with that amazon - appeal thing you have going on .
the only thing marring her beauty was the petulant expression she wore whenever she was in the same space as anya .
but the only thing you re going to make it through tonight is bed .
the shaking still had nt stopped , but it was usually the last thing to go .
he and dad had both always had this jaw tic thing , kind of like erics crease between his eyes .
there s no such thing as a bad color for me .
we d been on a skid , lately , and the last thing some of the boys wanted to do was dress up and play nice for people .
the last thing i needed was soupy coming home and seeing us like this .
my wrist shot and my readiness to go into the dirty areas of the ice were just about the only two things i had going for me to keep me in the nhl .
and that was pretty much the last thing in the world i needed to be thinking about , the curvy ass of some random , little redhead with fairy - dust freckles .
which is another thing that burns me up .
having his arms around her was the best thing in this world .
one thing he d learned in the short time he d known angeline hemming : she took no prisoners and spoke her mind without thinking about it first .
words were the only thing between them , yet he d been more aroused than if shed grabbed his cock and begged him to fuck her .
you ca nt force cole to get involved , even if i do agree and being involved is nt the same thing as being productive .
alex , one thing i never am is helpless .
funny thing about those phones , they ring on both ends .
the only thing she knew was that to exist right now , his touch was as necessary as breathing and her body responded , despite the internal battle she fought with herself .
exchanged across that gap is whole love , a thing as undeniable as the air we breathe , the sun we praise .
well , for one thing , he s married .
she nods , and she does that thing she does where she does nt look me in the face .
he knew she 'd always had feelings for him but he 'd never felt the same thing .
brant only did that ` ` quirk of the lips '' thing that meant he was laughing on the inside .
the only thing left was the house , which i still own . ''
pastor merriweather announced , ` ` this is a celebration and one thing we know how to do in two rivers is celebrate .
this life does n't always go the way we planned , but the one thing that never changes is love .
the last thing i want is to be a fat and middle - aged .
the thing about love is that giving it is as wonderful as receiving it .
one thing i especially enjoyed was opening discussions that were of personal interest to me .
the doorbell was the thing that woke me , after a long sleep - in .
its a very special thing , is my name .
the last thing i saw before my life ebbed away was alices beautiful purple eyes , wide with shock and horror .
that s the difficult thing about being away for days and sometimes weeks at a time , paul said , tossing the desert menu to one side and joining the conversation fully .
my back propped up against the edge of the tub was the only thing keeping me sitting upright .
the last thing i needed was a sleepily toddler wandering in and asking what was going on .
the only thing i was aware of was a desperate need to get out of that house .
and that was nt the only thing .
the poetree slam was tomorrow an i was trying to write something to read ... . but there is always the richard factor ~ i wonder if that is n't the reason i keep on writin ( and weirdly the thing i like best of all about him ) ~ he hates everything i write .
my friend abe - i 'll get to him in jus a litel bit -- once said that the thing about people like this ... you never will convince them , no matter if you dedicate your entire life to trying .
nice talking to you , he said , the funny thing was , like he meant it .
the funny thing is wherever anybody starts talking about finding themselves , that always means they re going to be running up and down the road looking , like their selves that they want to find so bad is somewhere else than where they are right now .
he must ve be screaming something terrible from the look on him , but the funny thing was no one could hear him on account that all the windows were rolled up , so it was like watching a movie that the sound had been turned off on .
he kissed me , and the funny thing was , i started to cry .
the one thing that kelly looked forward to every week was the new routine some of the agents had .
the only thing that had nt changed was the incessant whispering of the holy spirit .
just another thing about him that amazed her .
that night the last thing on andrews mind was the next days lesson .
the last thing he needed was those green eyes looking at him while he taught .
there was only one thing that bothered andrew , and as he and alyssa grew closer , it had troubled him more and more .
the only difference about it , the thing that will define it from all others in my memory for as long as i live , is that i m here for a very specific reason : to have sex with a total stranger .
bad shit goes down when she s left to her own devices and a trip to the hospital is the last thing i need tonight .
the last thing i need to see right after dinner is italian cock .
adrenaline is the last thing this guy needs .
its a breathtakingly wild and treacherous thing , seeing this guy smile .
the one thing i had to fight to put away last time : my knife .
and a beautiful man you could admire from a distance was one thing , but a beautiful man who periodically waltzed into your office , sat in your chair , and ate your candy bars was another thing entirely .
one thing about mackenzie , he could always tell when he d crossed the line into no mans land .
the only good thing that could be said about the dress was that her skin was at least covered .
she thought it might very well be the best thing about new york .
chocolate , for one thing .
deli sandwiches quite possibly tied with the subway about being the best thing about new york .
shed hid a few more candy bars , wondering if she did have some kind of squirreling thing , because she was having a lot of fun trying to find hiding places .
now gillie had one more thing she did n't : a boyfriend she loved so much , she risked the wrath of their parents to be with him .
` ` you 're damned beautiful for one thing .
there was nt a damn thing about the man that did nt sizzle .
well , for one thing he s got a very loud , grating voice .
a connecting with your roots thing , eh ?
only thing worse than a native acting like he s good as you is a native who s a goddamned lawyer .
for one thing , you re not going to want to hold that pose for long .
what s your favorite thing about it ?
that familiarity helps us avoid conflicts , although if its one thing i can count on , its that cassie never minces words .
the smell of old books was the first thing anyone noticed upon entering the place .
i was a little surprised that he would have noticed such a thing about me .
using words and sayings that do nt fit with the timesthat is the hardest thing to overcome when writing historical romance , for me anyway .
the only thing tom cares about is having a good time .
although that was another thing he was nt used to , he was also experiencing something strangely pleasant , a sort of anticipation at seeing her again .
for one thing he was noticeably older than the others , and very graceful in his well - cut dark suit .
you know , my dear sally said to ruth , the wonderful thing about italian men is that they know how to be friends .
for one thing , it was hard to do nothing in a house that cried out to have something done .
the last thing she wanted to do now was eat .
men were just silly predators out for one thing , whom she nervously laughed at and walked away from when they ran after her and told her how beautiful she was .
the funny thing about love at first sight is , you wo nt know if the person you see loves you back , he said with a sad look .
the first thing that hit him was the heady scent of her perfume .
mandy was pretty much the only thing on franks mind that night as he went about his apartment in a daze .
five pain was the first thing frank felt as he came around from whatever mandy had done to him .
who said there was no such thing as love at first sight ?
the only thing that kept him from raising prices right now was that he had to re - do all financials , forms , and advertising to show the changes .
the first thing jeff thought before hinging his jaw back into place was that the woman 's front - side was just as pretty as her backside .
the one thing that ties them together is the sudden need to consume blood and the growth of fanglike teeth .
her voice held one thing that connor had never expected to hear , defeat .
the last thing she wanted was to be stuck in a room full of vampires .
its that thing women use to douche .
that was one thing that was comforting about the vampires .
the one thing that all of the homes had was nice furnishings .
yeah , and the last thing i need is for her to punch me in the nose again .
she s the only thing that kept me going .
did you ever think that maybe the last thing she might want to hear about is kinky sex ?
you were unhappy , and your happiness is the most important thing in the world to me .
the only thing that kept him from telling her off was the knowledge of how terrible that would be for business .
the only thing she hated more than other people being late , was being late herself .
the only thing i cared about was avoiding food and losing weight .
the one thing warming her was an intense desire to push miss brant into the water and go at her with the scrub brush for a good hour or two .
but the only thing she found herself regretting at the moment was his absence .
but , one thing she did realize and that was the element of fear for sir george that was certainly real and definitely frightened her just reflecting upon it .
the only thing deterring him was sarah , not wanting to leave her .
sadly , the consumption has racked my lungs , and the only thing for which i am grateful is that i was given time to put my affairs in order .
time flew by and the most surprising thing of them all was that she felt happy .
oddly enough , protest was the last thing on her mind .
if there was one positive thing to learn from her husband , it was his ability to let nothing deter him from what he wanted and what he probably thought was right .
suddenly , cold was the last thing she felt .
the only thing different is that i spend my nights crying with a labrador by my side .
his green eyes were the only thing tangible to me .
the mountain air was the only thing keeping me alive .
lucy was funny and warm and sweet and kind ; all of the things her mother was nt .
looking at herself in the bathroom mirror that morning , she shook her head and said , grace dowler , the last thing in the world you need is to be thinking about a man right now .
the very last thing on my list of things i need right now is a man .
the last thing grace saw as she backed out of the driveway that morning was macys accusing face in the window .
trust me , charlie , a man is the last thing i need or want right now .
now they were the first thing most people noticed about her .
when he drove up to her house , the first thing he looked at was the old roof .
when he dismounted from buster , he realized that his ass was n't the only thing asleep on him .
well , the good thing about him was that he was a quick learner .
one thing that really sucked about being an angel of death was that he could nt enjoy the things of the living .
well , that s the thing about life , mate .
chapter 6 one thing adela had learned in her three - hundred - plus years as an angel of death was that there was nt any shortage of people dying .
the one thing she liked about being an angel of death was that she always worked at night .
the first thing he wanted was a beer .
another thing he had enjoyed was beer .
the nightlight cast a soft glow on her creamy , porcelain skin , and liam decided at that second that she was the prettiest thing he had seen , and the blood in his body made a mad dash for his groin .
that was the thing with those types of dreams : they were wonderful while they lasted , but when consciousness came , the pain could be overwhelming , the feeling of loss worse than when he went to bed .
and that , she decided , was the worst thing about being human .
there is one little thing that s different about this girl though .
the one thing he did know was unconditional love .
the only thing tough about this horse is his name .
and kevin did the whole persistent thing , melissa agonized and raked a hand through her hair .
the pacing meant only one thing : he would see his makers anger .
the last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you .
uh , the fact that kevins head was crushed for one thing , melissa answered sharply .
there s no such thing as love at first sight anyway .
she ended with , paul , the most important thing about this team is that we get along well and enjoy playing together .
i ve played sports all my life , and the one thing i noticed early on is that a player usually knows when they make a mistake , and it does nt help them to be reminded of it .
ten years apart had nt dimmed one fucking thing .
the only thing sakura really opposed was that the dress was designed in such a way as to push ones breasts up andvoil !
the first thing he saw was the clear blue sky above him .
but then again , its the same thing , is nt it ?
with all his gallant manners and cute eccentricities there was one thing about him i could n't stand , and that was his partner , vincent .
it was not unusual for them to be up at all hours working on something , but the important thing was that they were together and they enjoyed each other to the max .
one thing they had not looked for was a home since they had agreed they would take five years to work out their wild ideas , then settle down for the long haul ; couple of kids , and probably a pet or two to fill up the house .
really , the thing about all this is that there are all sorts of people here who seem to be a family , getting simple joy just from knowing each other , and seeing one of their own make a large step forward .
it was one more thing about richard that laura had learned to loath , but today she was not married to him anymore and the kids were allowed to be kids .
one thing she knew , without a doubt , was that she could nt talk to her father anywhere inside the house .
the last thing she wanted was for her father to end up hating her , like her mother was sure to , because of this .
the last thing he wanted to do was lie to her .
besides , the last thing i need is a bad reputation already .
i hoped the cabin would offer us safety and a landline ; that hope was the only thing that kept me sane and calm .
the only thing bigger than that fish is the smile on your faceoh , and sams ego .
the one thing i did know was that my mind could nt take much more of the freaky happenings .
the sun beat down on my skin , but the last thing i wanted was to look like a lobster in front of jesse .
if he s hot , they re willing to put aside a little thing called age .
the thing is , if there are vampires and werewolves here , there should be many more deaths occurring .
the first thing she saw was the tube in her arm .
cassie had no doubt that he could do it , the only thing she doubted was that he would ever have the time to devote to it .
he was the closest thing to a father she had , and right now he looked completely worried about her .
the last thing she wanted to do was go to another class , but she could n't just walk out of school with him .
` ` the only thing i smell is a good for nothing , rotten brother . ''
the only thing i cared about was the fire surging through me , burning out of control .
the nice thing about the sandwiches is that they are hot .
his gaze delved deeply into hers as he offered her the one thing she desperately needed .
god , the last thing she needed right now was for him to be kind while she was trying to push him away .
and the last thing he would want from the person he cared about was pity .
after you left the only thing i had was the business .
funny how readily i believed what he told meincluding the unstable partuntil i started experiencing the same thing .
that thing with your eyes .
yeah , that s one thing that has nt changed since last night .
one thing i discovered was my repeating themethat old second chance , usually hindering on betrayal of some sort .
that s one thing you learn early on in a marriage .
the first thing i noticed was how warm and soft and human she felt .
` ` i ' m not sureits justwell , i 'll kind of be tucking him away while we hunt andwellhe sort of has this male thing '' ` ` ah . ''
probably the strangest thing was the skinny , red , wire wheels wrapped in wide , whitewall tires .
listening for anything was pointless , the only thing i could hear was my heartbeat .
of course , the whole ' male ego ' thing is what had gotten us in this situation in the first place .
another thing they did nt mind leaving was the pained look on the faces of people who knew .
one thing abby did know was that she had no time to grieve .
she needed to find carries will , because it had suddenly become the most important thing in the world .
she was never compos mentis first thing anyway .
the last thing she wanted to do was make jasmine take sides , or to feel sorry for her at this stage of her life .
although there were many things she hated about her new single state , one thing she absolutely loved was she did nt have to feel guilty anymore .
the last thing the little guy needed now was a bump to the head from losing his balance .
its kind of an odd trip for me because , well , i m alone , for one thing .
that whole southern gentleman thing .
hearing it over the phone while he was on a business trip , miles away , doing important work , but knowing her voice was the last thing he wanted and needed to hear before turning out the light .
you know another thing i noticed ?
leslies pride was still nipped at his puzzling reaction and the last thing she wanted was to get into a conversation with him .
the last thing i need to do is jump into another relationship .
- ok , but they tell it about your dieting , and its not that thing what i m talking about now .
it was the sweetest thing he had ever felt , and she was the sweetest woman he had ever met , and he was head over heels in love with her .
if there was one thing he could not stand and that he had never wanted to learn was how to comfort a woman .
the recognized only in one thing , that when he started with the sermon , it was better to escape .
struggles with her weight like she does but she should nt be made to feel like she s an outcast or someone to avoid looking like because her weight is not the only thing that makes her who she is .
its not just that you re more beautiful than a moonlit night in the summer or that the flowers of spring hide their faces in shame whenever your splendor outshines them as you come their way or that the very sun itself in all its rays of glory can not compare to the human star that you are its not these things alone .
but that 's not the only thing we have in common that could make us a great couple .
that 's a super great thing to have in common .
` ` there 's no such thing as a nice clean divorce . ''
the only thing better than the rink - side seats was getting to meet two of the players after the game .
for one thing , jack did nt know todd went by la forge .
another thing that pissed me off about dani .
she was the only thing i missed about santa monicadiscounting dadand we could hang out at some boring party for a while before doing our catch up over a cookies'n'cream tub later .
that 's the thing about final chances .
but i 'd started down this track tonight and if there was one thing i always did , it was finish what i started .
apart from the game , because if there 's one thing i knew about tennis , it was how to not play fair .
the last thing i needed was for my dad to give me grief .
that was the great thing about smacking around a tennis ball .
this was another thing that was new : needing the approval of a woman to feel validated .
but it all hinged on one thing : me being able to pull off the biggest con job of the century .
and the last thing i want to do is disappoint you .
with the whole dark hair , dark eyes , permanent glower thing he had going on , he looked more like the devil as he glared at me .
even though i ve had feelings for some , even david , there has never been that thing ... that spark .
that s the thing with all of uswe really hate to face the truth about what everyone else around us can already see .
everything is going my way , the night is clear , stars are starting to twinkle in the sky , and the temperature is still cool , but that is the last thing i m going to complain about .
it had to be the whole hard - to - get thing , not to mention he was brooding .
his eyes did that thing were they magically get darker and close just slightly , making him look sexier than should be legal .
the last thing i saw when i looked up was my dad 's disappearing form as he ran into the emergency room .
men and women pretty much go there for one thing : a hookup .
if you re serious about someone , the last thing you d want is to be the rebound lover .
some spaces were busier than others but the thing that amazed me the most was that people were actually flying in and out of clusters .
she s such a strong - willed lady , [ she has those eyebrows for one thing ] .
i looked at her again , deeply into her beautiful hazel eyes , the first thing of beauty i ever noticed about her so many centuries ago , and i still could nt fathom her .
her allegiance to a good life , for one thing .
there were nt any torches for one thing , and the room had lost its shadows .
the only thing that had changed , was my perception .
we could tell he d been busy , his magic pencil looked tired for one thing .
they glistened for one thing , and seemed to have a chunkier clothing .
the last thing will needs is to feel passion for another woman .
but that was the thing about june in san diego .
* * * * * one last thing looking around her room once more before they left , scout made an internal inventory of the things she needed to bring with her .
my favorite thing about college was the feel of independence .
there was one thing stephan did trust his eldest son with above all else reconnaissance .
she would not let rudolph take from her the only thing she had left , her self - respect .
one thing she had never lost her desire for was singing .
but the straight and narrow path i d committed to years before had just encountered curves i was nt sure i could resist , and her hip was the only thing i had to hold on to .
noah stroked , and licked , and teased until my grip on the barbell tray was the only thing holding me up .
then my phone rang , and she laughed , and the only thing that stopped me from crushing the damn thing as punishment for the interruption was that i loved to hear her laugh .
the first thing i noticed about noahs sister was that she was too thin .
but one thing has nt changed , he says and the tenderness in his voice brings my eyes back to his .
he just gives me this little smirk - smile thing and keeps walking down the hall without answering my question .
the only thing well miss out on from not having a phone is her speed dials and her pissed - off birds .
that was the one thing a vampire woman could never give a vampire man or vice - versa .
exactly as noted , not one thing more .
hmmm , there is no such thing as coincidence - only fate .
the most important thing to a nurse is - life .
they were the only good thing in her life .
now , to be a part of the world of celebrities the most important thing is : attitude .
friendship is the most important thing to me .
* * * the first thing ro noticed was that she felt warm , comfortable , and content .
i ve wanted to come clean about this for years but the thing about a lie is - it creates more and more lies until you ve become buried by them and there s no escape .
she was nt unhappy , but that was nt exactly the same thing as being happy , was it ?
for one thing , scott needed her he was getting more anxious as the time approached and then walt seemed to be slowly falling apart in front of her .
and then there was the problem of their wedding planner the last thing deb wanted to discuss with melissa right now was a wedding she could hardly talk to scott about it either .
lets establish this thing called trust right now .
one thing my childhood had prepared me for : embarrassment .
i just bared my soul to you , and the only thing you care about is sex ?
age is a peculiar thing ; youth seems to last for an instant before being replaced with the pain of a body dying .
easy is the one thing we never were , love .
that was n't the only thing , either .
okay , i have missed her being around , but that is hardly the same thing as suffering from withdraw .
its a thing she says -- quests should take a year and a day .
you re gentle , for one thing .
his heart slowly broke , and the only thing that kept it from shattering completely was the happy gurgle coming from the cradle beside her bed .
the day passed in a blur with the only thing standing out was his call to bay to ask her to cover for him .
same thing a body always smells here in mamies .
if she knew one thing about the town of miller springs , it was that the people looked out for each other and that melody would soon have more family than she knew what to do with .
it tasted faintly metallic but was the best thing shed felt in days .
sad thing is ?
the next morning my phone rang first thing .
the only thing you 're missing is confidence . ''
i had work - study set up in the law library and that seemed like the only thing that was a given .
if i could n't find a way to succeed in the city , the sacrifices i made here were going to be the only thing that kept me afloat .
the one thing that kept my father looking toward the future was that i was going to get out of there and make a better life for myself .
i could n't disappoint him when my success was the only thing holding him together .
the one thing i know about my future , the one thing i know i ' m supposed to do , scares the hell out of me because failure would be the end of everything worth dreaming about . ''
it 's possible her mother found that same thing in me .
i just know it was you that took care of me when i could n't take care of myself and it was your wish that made the magic happen in the white room and i need you because you are the thing that i was supposed to hold on to now matter how hard it seemed .
the last thing i want to do is push you away with unwelcome interrogation .
the last thing she wanted to talk about at the moment was trevor .
` ` because it 's ridiculous , for one thing .
the strange thing about his calls , though , is they were all made within a sixteen hour period .
he 'd called her a slut , a lying , cheating whore , and the strangest thing about disgracing him and his family .
attention to detail was this woman 's thing .
for one thing , edward fontenot is in perfect health , so i do n't see him dying any time soon .
the last thing you need is me complicating things even more . ''
you and your revenge plot have caused me to lose the one thing i treasured about my life .
those eyes staring back at him was the last thing , dantalion , the great duke of hell with thirty - six legions of demons under his command , remembered before he d been sealed away .
the only thing i got out of being the reincarnation of jeanne darc is violent tendencies and a job i do nt want .
its the only thing i have left .
the last thing he wanted was to be aroused while he was fighting her .
seven years playing it every day since i got it on my tenth birthday , my constant companion and friend , the one thing my father left me other than his blue eyesno matter what chaos was going on around me , yam was there .
best of all , he lets me use his bathroom to shower whenever i m out of options a simple thing you learn not to take for granted when living outdoors , as i like to think of it .
another thing you learn quickly on the street is to take your calories where you can get them , because your next meals never a sure thing .
even though were only a month apart , and i ve got a ton more life experience from the street , she has this parenting thing that s both annoying and reassuring .
and she had that same thing , only really overbearing .
one thing i can rely on is that melody will go straight to the gutter and gladly roll around in it .
confused , happy , excitedbut most of all , the thing i feel is raw , unthinking panic .
money , for one thing .
it sounds like you re jumping to some pretty important conclusions , and if there s one thing that i ve learned as i ve gotten older , its not to assume anything .
the good thing about jeremy is he s not hard to spot , even in a crowd .
the medias a monster that demands to be fed , and the only thing worse than being popular is being unpopular , when the calls stop coming and you re yesterdays news .
and the last thing i wanted in a relationship is constant competition .
the last thing we needed to do was talk .
if there was one thing i had learned to count on with elliot , it was surprise .
that s the nice thing about castles .
i m glad to hear it , alan said , as though glad was the last thing he was .
the thing is , you actually were the first to introduce us .
there was at least one good thing about having rhys in residence , morgan thought .
it is one thing richard is not .
the last thing he wanted was jamess continued presence .
it was the one good thing about a night early to bed .
one thing i have learned from watching you this season is that if you want something then you usually contrive a way to make it yours .
mia , you are going to wake up one morning an old woman who has no children , no family and no life and the only thing that will keep you warm is the realization that you wasted your life away just existing .
although we try to bring them solace , only their mothers arms around them telling them she loves them could bring them peace and is the one thing they will never feel again .
one thing i did n't like about the new rover was the annoying console between the front seats , but i leaned over it an rested my head against jason 's shoulder .
it 's frustrating , you know , i ' ve always been able to talk to her , but she just has this thing about you . ''
` ` no , he 's in denialthat male testosterone thing . ''
` ` so , snow white and the whole pale skin thing , what do you think ? ''
the only thing that felt different than the last fitting , were the poofy , off the shoulder straps .
it was a special thing between us .
the last thing she wanted was to get in a car with a crazy teenage driver with her children along .
there was no such thing as regeneration , blood drinking , or immortality .
her hands were the only thing that prevented him from an actual decapitation .
the best thing about it all was that she seemed to have gotten through to leonel .
another big thing in common .
they had the sleek model thing going for them , perfect for jobs where the target responded to that type .
* * * the suburb of serendipity bend housed a blend of old and new homes with one thing in commonthey were all enormous .
that 's the thing about living in a suburb like serendipity bend .
in fact , the only thing keeping us from it is the fact that i ' m biting my tongue .
the only thing that does nt fit is the fact that there has been no demand for a ransom .
your dog , for one thing , john said .
the last thing i had time for in my life was a relationship anyways .
i suppose that was another thing that contributed to him being so wealthy at such a young age .
that was the great thing about my friends .
the last thing i want now or likely ever again in my life is a permanent hook up with someone .
the one thing that i ve noticed is that they re usually older and have their own families .
for one thing , all of the curtains were drawn .
one thing about margots parties was they could get pretty wild very fast .
one nice thing about lacey being around was that i did get to do whatever i wanted , and i intended to utilize that perk .
if there s one thing i ve learned about my sister its that she needs support .
when she did that , she let out that panting - squeak thing that she does .
i have this weird thing about sitting in the middle .
as pissed off as i was at my mother , i did feel her ignorance was the only thing she was guilty of .
if there was one thing that resulted from this complete crap day it was that lacey could be herself again .
my father may have been a bastard , but one thing he was nt was an unreasonable man .
the last thing he needs is to be bothered by me and everything that s going on in my life .
adeles excited voice ahead was the only thing that kept me a part of the world .
he was extremely ambitious , she knew that it was one of the things that attracted her to him in the first place .
but that was nt the worst thing about that woman .
indeed , the only thing about his face that was straight and regular were his teeth , white and stubby .
but her professionalism in pr was not the only thing .
the first thing his senses registered were screaming sirens and wild flashes of light beaming from dozens of hovermobiles .
the only thing that seemed to exist at that moment was touch .
at work , she often had to deal with emergencies , find solutions to problems that arose in the process of organizing an event or marketing it , and one thing she has learned about herself was that in moments like these , when everyone else panicked and had no idea how do cope with the crisis , she managed to stay completely focused and think even clearer than in a non - stress situation .
none of the people who performed these procedures bothered to explain anything to them , but the main thing was that they seemed to know exactly what they were doing , as if they were in the middle of a standard routine .
the first thing she saw was one of those large shadows , or rather what was causing it , right above her head .
making your dream come true was one thing .
the only thing that remained the same from those days was his scent ; his favorite cologne that blended so well with the natural smell of his skin .
in a city with narrow streets and beautiful old buildings like edinburgh the last thing we want is six levels of hovercars whizzing by our windows every minute of the day , she remembered daniel saying during one of their discussions a few months ago .
you re missing the best thing about ceilidh , daniel said .
the only thing i could remember was this toll - free number at mikes work .
and the only damn thing i had to drink was water .
the crowd i was standing in included people from all walks of lifeyounger , older , thin , short , tall , brown hair , blond hair , no hairbut i think we all had one very important thing in common : loneliness .
then i encircle my arms around his shoulders and his kiss becomes greedy , like i m the only thing that matters to him .
` ` probably just a daycare stomach thing . ''
the only thing missing was the captain 's hat .
now the only thing she could think of was how much the mailboxes would cost to replace .
she managed through that investigation ok . '' it was an unusual thing for suzie to be nervous and it plucked his nerves .
one thing about suzie , she always went after what she wanted with vigor .
watching him take care of her niece and put her sister at ease was nt doing a thing to settle the butterflies in her own stomach .
the last thing she wanted to do was fall apart in front of judes brother .
another thing to be thankful for that morning was he slept in sweat pants and a tank top .
you ve got that wrinkle thing going on between your eyebrows .
and for your information , many native american indians consider their tribal names a very person thing .
its just the pulse thing again .
aside from the rich ambiance and victorian styling , the best thing about having a function at the mills house was that the chef custom designed a menu for each group .
he did nt love his aunt and uncle , but they were the closest thing to a family he had .
there s not a thing wrong with her .
taffys wet nose was the first thing i became aware of .
in fact , the only thing that truly set this particular saturday night apart from any other was that it was mayas last saturday as a twenty - eight - year - old woman .
but the most attractive thing about her , he realized with the part of his mind that was still functioning on some rational level , was that she did nt have a clue who he was .
so long as you used protection , there s not a thing in the world all that terrible about a grown woman .
and for some reason that felt like the same thing .
his stomach was tied up in knots , and the cold was nt the only thing causing his shivering .
the fact that she had clothes on did nt take a thing away from the sex appeal that wafted from her like musk .
it was possibly the only thing they d ever had in common .
that s the last thing you need , is nt it , to beat yourself up ?
she had her eyes closed , and they ran with tears , while she breathed in and out in a shaky way that suggested breathing was the only thing she could handle , right now .
he made her writhe and cry out , and then while she was still panting for breath , he pushed inside her and filled her , and she held onto him for life and breath and sanity , and even though he was bucking wildly , he felt like the only steady thing in her universe , the only thing she wanted .
she wrote her name , it was the cutest thing , these big wobbly letters in purple pencil tilting down to the corner of the card .
the family that had once seemed so boring and pointless and ordinary and an interfering nuisance , she now knew was everything to her , the only thing .
she laughed in a low voice when it came into her head that she used to scrutinize this same thing on the little heni too when she was a baby , and she loved think of the younger little girls twin , laurence , that way that he was made of us too : made of the man she loved and of herself .
- so already money is the only thing what matters for you !
the only thing she knew was that she wanted fleeing .
- have nt you experience any suspicious thing whenever when you have talked to each other or met nowadays ?
the only thing i remember of my violence that we used to quarrel with my sister when we were little girls !
only thing he knew in the end was problem coming to men and not coming to women .
it was the only thing he could hear other than the sound of his own death , and slowly his life returned , breath after controlled breath .
there are only a few cars , and quiet is the first thing not heard .
he closes his eyes , listens carefully until it surfaces into view , and then follows it deeper into itself until it is the only thing he can hear .
it was the sad thing about lesotho .
the first thing he notices are two saudi students , probably best friends , standing at the mobile phone counter holding hands and speaking with the indian salesclerk , chances are , trying to knock a few dollars off the latest model .
the man smiles back , his white beard and wrinkled eyes suggesting kindness , exactly the thing you ve got to watch out for .
that was the thing about criteria .
one thing about being brokeit might turn out to be a boon to her waistline .
this photo is the last thing i have to connect me to him .
the last thing i need is another creepy conversation with my undead husband .
one thing i had acquired from years of taking care of just me and audrey was i knew how to survive and figure out stuff no one else would even think about as a problem .
the facial features were different , and clearly the woman was nowhere near as pretty as frannie , but she had the blonde hair , blue eyes , stick skinny thing going for her .
the nice thing about fresh pasta was it only took a few minutes .
the parking lot was empty , as usual , and yet another thing i was nt used to .
i did nt really like drawing attention to myself , which was the only thing that kept me from embarrassing myself .
the only thing off with the homecoming picture was the fact that instead of a military buzz cut , his dark hair was long enough to reveal a hint of natural wave .
the only thing casey had felt good about was knowing shed get to be with her dad for the whole day .
the last thing she needs is for him to be the only one who can prevent the disaster of losing her dance academy , the dream she has worked so hard to turn into a reality .
the last thing we need is for you to slip and break your hip like happened to mrs . gonzales last week . ''
the last thing she wanted to think about was her father lying in the hospital dying .
` ` sometimes , the only thing you can do is let go and move on . ''
still , she had one thing to be thankful for , she had thought , while she had sat there in the gloom of their master - suite listening to raised male voices drifting up from downstairs .
well - fitting jeans on a woman with a generous backside were a thing of beauty and it been a pleasant change to have time and opportunity for a leisurely viewing .
she pondered a moment , there is one additional thing about him that i want to share .
you look absolutely enchanting , but i feel there s one small thing missing .
not a bad thing on that face , shed decided , too much perfection got a bit stale after a while and he might have been too pretty without the added fault .
that was the one thing i missed about living with my mom and sisters .
chapter 5 : addiction cale you re the one thing i ca nt shake you pulse through my veins and make me want it more its impossible to break this now i knew the consequences of drinking while i downed a shit ton of pills , but after i took my younger sister sadie out to celebrate her graduating from college early with her bachelors degree in english ( minor in journalism ) , i was feeling like shit .
its so surreal sometimes to see so many faces and bodies coming together to enjoy one thing : their love of music .
i understand that you might not want anyone to know about the memory thing , since it could be seen as a weakness , but i think i can request general information about phoenixes without raising suspicion .
chapter 22 being bored is the most frightening thing in the world freddie !
when he walked into his room , the first thing he did was look at his acoustic guitar resting on the couch .
the last thing we need is to add to everything going on .
the first thing she could sense was johnnie .
the first thing she saw were her torn panties on the floor .
being with johnnie was a dream , but the thing about dreams was that they end .
i just promise you that your voice is beautiful and its the exact thing that song needs to make it final .
these yahoos were about to find out the only thing more dangerous than a pissed - off wolf was a wolf with enough coyote in him to have a sense of humor .
and the only thing worse than a hunter attack he leaped at dante before the alpha could speak .
the first thing he saw was maureen .
in fact , the only thing that brought her any comfort was the idea that she might escape it in sleep .
the scariest thing about him was the natural allure he had .
she realized that he was the closest thing to a friend that she had .
the thought of strangling her was the only thing keeping him upright at that point .
the one thing kira deserved to have , safety , had been ripped from her completely .
the last thing my pregnant sister needs is to see her big brother making nice with the woman who nearly tore her world apart .
as much as we all love you too , there is such a thing as too much information .
the best thing about any trip is watching you go all nuts about getting on a plane .
as beautiful as everything was , the only thing keeping me awake was the fact that everyone was staring in my general direction .
yeah , well there s one thing i m thankful for this morning and it sure is nt the idea of you trying to have sex with me in a dream , i retorted .
they re the one thing that might one day stop me from being such a smartass around her .
that reminded me that another thing odd about that little trip to the past was i did nt feel another person in there with me .
i thought that would be the thing everyone picked up on , nate said , laughing .
for one thing , i was twenty - nine and she was fifty - one .
she had long , honey blonde hair and deep blue eyes , but the thing i noticed most about her was her smile .
the thing about being twenty - six was that as much as i loved to have fun , i was beginning to think about settling down .
i looked back at the dress and realized suddenly that the only thing that had bothered me about him all day was that he did nt trust i had enough sense and taste to dress myself for a night out .
the only thing i was feeling was disappointed that this beautiful , brilliant man did nt seem to have any humor at all .
the thing i liked most about her , beyond her beauty was the fact that she was blindsided by her boss ; the ceo of the company she worked for was her date and she did nt seem the slightest bit intimidated .
although we were both wearing gloves , the first thing i realized was how much colder i felt as soon as i was missing her touch .
that was another thing i was nt used to .
he was a bit of an introvert , company was nt really his thing .
the thing that struck me the most about it was that people were basically nice although everyone was fighting for a parking spot and grabbing for the same things off the shelf .
it was also one more thing about her that made me feel like a normal person .
then it hit me , all these billboards had one thing in common , these are my accounts in our ad agency .
funny thing about living alone , you talk to yourself more .
the last thing she wants is another asshole trying to take advantage .
she s still recovering from her ordeal at the clubthe last thing she really wants is another man .
my pleasure would be the only thing that matters .
i m the only thing keeping you from being totally broke , remember ?
cover designed by najla qamber designs model photo by lindee robinson photography models : anthony hamlin and kelly kirstein isbn ( paperback ) 1502473437 isbn-13 978 - 1502473431 isbn ( ebook ) 9780991569618 www.elizabethbriggs.net for gary my favorite good guy chapter one if there was one thing i d learned , it was that good guys never got the girl .
but the thing that alarmed me most was that her words were slurred like she was drunk .
the only thing that came close was having sex , and even then , only those really good times or with the person who made it truly special .
the only good thing about his devotion was i knew for a fact he d come running to me if anyone made plans i would nt like .
the only thing that has changed is the fact that you know about us now , i told him .
the last thing he wanted was food .
it was the only thing that kept him from screaming in agony .
it would be the last thing they needed .
the only thing we had to bind us was our shared time together .
the only thing the man was wearing was a pair of leather briefs and a sword belt .
another thing michael had noticed overtime was that dancing had gotten stranger and stranger for the humans .
the only thing remotely cool about it was the pair of small wings that had been attached to the back of the dress .
the first thing that caught their eye as they entered the shop was the glass - shelving unit that displayed orange boxes of chocolates that had been tied with brown bows .
lovewas the one thing he could nt give becca .
the last thing i want to be looking at right now is channing tatums bare chest .
the only thing that kept me glued to my chair as i waited to be called , was pride .
i think the only thing that stopped me , was i kept telling myself i would look a right sight , with the size of me , dropping like an ungainly elephant at his feet !
i had already asked column if we could get the outside of the cottage whitewashed and he said , he was already working 80 hours a week and the last thing on his mind was a speck of mud on the wall .
if there was one thing dad knew , it was how to read the weather .
the last thing he remembered before passing out was the sweet face of his beloved as she caressed his cheek .
some burped their way along , but they all had one thing in common !
strange because , space was the only thing we shared together anymore .
the thing with new york is that you are so busy you do nt have a moment to yourself .
shiela - another thing i notice , men stop being charming as soon as the ring is on the finger !
as column said , i was not trying to replace cara but the pleasure of horse - riding , a separate thing .
is there such a thing as an honest face ?
sinead stretched her long legs out from under her and plumping up a cushion replied , they are a big thing alright , especially during the week and saturday nights .
the one thing that means the most to me , though i did nt realise how much and i nearly lost , is you .
the first thing i vividly remember is the smothering heat and my total dependence upon the air - conditioner .
the second thing that comes to my mind about that first day of my new life is the awful headache i d been suffering from , or should i say the hangover symptoms .
the only unexpected thing about it was a surprisingly useful attachment by daugh , with links relevant to the presentation i was to make for the greek university conference in about two weeks .
( one thing i have always liked about greeks is their eagerness to skip formalities , which has always made my life here easier . )
although what he was doing was driven by an ulterior motive , the wing would never have had any chance at all if it was nt for what he did and the thought of the wing and helping children was the only thing that truly allowed me to wake up and try to live life every day .
mia , the unknown always feels like more than we can handle because we never know what will happen next , but hiding because of what can occur , hiding from fear is no life at all and allows the darkness to take one more thing from us .
the only thing i know for sure is that something is building around us and whether we are these people caught in a loop or the people are connecting to us , we are going to need to be ready for anything and be mindful not to dismiss anyone .
there s one thing that holds it all together for me ... that one thing that made my brother whistle in his horrible whistling tone ... the one thing that made you stop to look at him and listen ... the one thing that gave him his personality to see you , know you , and bring you here ... and the one thing that gave thomas the courage to write the letter he did ... and that is ?
there s one thing that holds it all together for me ... that one thing that made my brother whistle in his horrible whistling tone ... the one thing that made you stop to look at him and listen ... the one thing that gave him his personality to see you , know you , and bring you here ... and the one thing that gave thomas the courage to write the letter he did ... and that is ?
there s one thing that holds it all together for me ... that one thing that made my brother whistle in his horrible whistling tone ... the one thing that made you stop to look at him and listen ... the one thing that gave him his personality to see you , know you , and bring you here ... and the one thing that gave thomas the courage to write the letter he did ... and that is ?
there s one thing that holds it all together for me ... that one thing that made my brother whistle in his horrible whistling tone ... the one thing that made you stop to look at him and listen ... the one thing that gave him his personality to see you , know you , and bring you here ... and the one thing that gave thomas the courage to write the letter he did ... and that is ?
there s one thing that holds it all together for me ... that one thing that made my brother whistle in his horrible whistling tone ... the one thing that made you stop to look at him and listen ... the one thing that gave him his personality to see you , know you , and bring you here ... and the one thing that gave thomas the courage to write the letter he did ... and that is ?
the last thing she wanted to do was hurt her again .
one thing anna had learned so far about thomas was that he liked to be alone when his mind was overwhelmed .
chapter seventeen anna opened her eyes and the first thing she noticed was heaven looked pretty dark .
the last thing i need is to lose this job .
the last thing i needed was for some creepy ass bird to fly through them and attack me while i was trying to eat .
my mothers signature red ink was the first thing i noticed as i read her words .
one thing about new orleans i had learned was that these people were not afraid to use color on anything .
fuzzy dreadlocks framed her face , and the only thing marring her dark , beautiful skin was a sporadic sprinkle of freckles beneath her mysterious eyes and across the bridge of her nose .
he flashed me a smile i was sure he thought made him look slick and debonair , but it did nt have the effect on me he was hoping for , because the only thing i could focus on was the shimmering deep red swirled together with a bright shade of orange surrounding him .
the only positive thing about the blue synthetic material she called a one - piece , was the built - in push - up bra that her ample breasts toppled over .
her walk lacked confidence and confidence is another thing that i ' m hugely attracted to in a woman , yet the fact that she lacked it did n't do anything to deter my interest from her .
the waves of her damp hair are turning into frizzy curls and i realize i ' ve just learned another thing about her .
one thing i m not confused about , however , is that i need to keep my job and my family together and in order to do that , i need you now more than ever .
one thing lea lacked was social grace , and these types of guys only took rudeness as a challenge .
the last thing she wanted to do was let him down again .
i was going to have to cling to that idea since , hestia , my unborn child and earth were the only thing i ever really wanted .
my pride however has proven to be the one thing that has done more damage than anything else .
the only thing i knew for sure is i was still filled with more power than i d ever imagined possible .
she did that thing with her amazing eyelashes again .
jet lag was the only thing that had ever caused him to sleep through an alarm .
and somehow , that was the thing that caused ben to lose it , completely hearing jonathan insulting his own and laylas intelligence .
the funny thing was that he was in almost all of my english classes but we rarely spoke to one another .
the first thing cheyenne noticed was the red and white checkered tablecloths covering the small round tables .
when the waitress disappeared , jeremy cleared his throat uncomfortably , well , that s the frustrating thing about my perfect brothers .
we have this thing inside us where we have this great fear of losing all that we worked so hard for .
the last thing i felt like right now was a train full of people .
the mysterious thing to me though is that somehow , while you 're in this state of euphoria , the world manages to continue on as usual .
the intriguing thing about his little recital was not in the words that he used , but that he spoke them in all earnestness without the glint of a smile ever crossing his lips .
this was surely the low point of my young life , and the only thing that kept me from breaking down completely was my previous analogy on the subject .
the thing that causes the victim to lose sleep , to miss meals , and most importantly the thing that makes him despise every other woman in his life except me .
now the thing that most frightens me is the thought of losing youof losing your love .
and as the curtain comes down on the third and final act of our play , the only thing riley hears is the sound of emily 's gentle rhythmic breathing as he holds her tight against him .
there 's no such thing as bidding to specifications . ''
men in business were one thing .
the thing that frosts me is that he had to know it was n't right . ''
the only thing she feared was her attraction to him .
wilson asked bud , ` ` what 's the thing you like most about fishing ? ''
i thought loyalty was one thing .
having already decided on something very elegant , she doubted shed get what she wanted there but their very reasonable prices made it worth a look , not to mention the one thing guaranteed to take her mind of things was shoe shopping .
the last thing she remembered thinking before her brain forced her into blissful oblivion was that she must still be dreaming .
his hair was as messy as ever and he had a sexy five oclock shadow thing going on .
that was the other thing about being home all day , i was eating way too much .
i opened the menu quickly and ordered the chicken alfredo , the first thing my eyes landed on .
the only thing i wanted on my tongue or my lips at that moment were his tongue and his lips , so instead of speaking i tilted my head back further .
the only thing stopping her was the thought of having the vintage linen paint of her custom colonial touched up .
the thing about me , ladies , is i do what i want and say what i want .
this is the only thing that has kept me sane .
his accent was another sexy thing about him .
she felt one thing around him and something else with ian .
the last thing she remembered was looking deeply into the memory of ians eyes set against the lapping waves .
it does nt change a thing other than it breaks my heart to know someone treated you so poorly .
it made me think of the different scenes i d watched when i started regaining my memories , none of which i had control over my body for , by far my least favorite thing in the world .
chapter 12 there s no such thing as calm before the storm after hearing we were finally going to get to the site of the battle , the troops came alive .
that s the funny thing about soulmates .
that s the thing about you missing that month of your last life , you do nt remember that everything is going according to plan .
the fact that we were nt sure you were somewhere we could actually get to was the only thing keeping us here .
there had to be a price paid for a miracle and the only thing i could think of was your memory .
the last thing i need right now is to play out possible scenarios in my mind , especially ones that involve me failing , fainting , or falling .
she knew that george , for one thing , awaited her and loomed like dread incarnate .
the first thing she noticed was a kind of keening wail coming from somewhere to her left .
in fact , the only thing spoiling my home life is that my mother insists on living in the house .
he always insisted she eat the damn things for good luck , and the only thing she hated more than the martinis were the olives .
the only thing that surprised them was finding maxs veins and arteries infiltrated with a fine black grit , which they tested and found to be more or less like finely ground charcoal .
he excel ed at one thing : hunting vampires .
it 'd been better when the only thing he admired about her was her tits .
long enough that it had become the only thing she lived for .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned in al my years on earth , it 's that certain events change our lives for a reason and that certain paths cross because they 're meant to .
` ` i do n't need - ` ` i began , but then his eyes narrowed and i knew the only thing standing between me and six pointless hours in a buffalo emergency room was my compliance , so i held up my hands in surrender .
the thing about shock is that it hits in a flash , and even as you 're laughing and saying , ` ` what are you sorry about ?
the first thing i noticed was the warmth , followed by the sweetness of the caramelized pecans , then i chewed and the waffles crunched a bit before giving way to the pastry inside , fluffy and light and wonderful and accepting .
the only thing that was different from every other day off was that now , i had company .
the first thing i felt were my arms getting weak and shaky , and the tingling crept up them , starting at my fingertips and going into my chest , bringing along a cold , dark feeling .
` ` yeah , but that 's the thing .
` ` hire a real detective , for one thing , '' she said .
at least , i think it 's the same thing . ''
the first thing i saw was betty 's face , illuminated in red as the flames flashed through the dining room .
the street was a mass of emergency vehicles , blue and red flashing lights , and the first thing i was able to focus on was cain , breathing through an oxygen mask , an emt next to him inspecting a wet rag .
` ` ava , there is one thing about matt that will never change . ''
the last thing she needed before sitting on her ass for another hour straight was a carbohydrate bomb like a giant pretzel .
now i have you , and the end is the last thing i want . ''
he was grieving , his pain a palpable thing in the hotel room .
she worked so hard for one thing , and she said little of her life in the west of ireland in a small place called stoneybridge .
' the main thing we have to offer here is the scenery .
they said it was rather twee , and , darling , if there was one thing that could let a place down it was to have an element of tweeness about it .
the last thing guests wanted , darling , was the sound of a screeching infant .
great thing about you , winnie , is that you are easily pleased .
there was a cruise to alaska , for one thing .
it was warm , for one thing , and very comfortable .
it is n't a suite , for one thing .
for one thing , being there always meant some kind of disapproval , complaint or punishment .
everyone had been so happy , that was the main thing .
for one thing , he did n't look the part .
for one thing , he did n't think the gunfire was directed at him .
but the only thing i could imagine was steady breathing , punctuated by the sounds of spoons clanking against the bowl .
she was the only thing that mattered to him now .
trust is the most vital and important thing in our relationship .
you 're the only thing i want .
if there was one thing she was good at , it was making the best of a situation .
that was perhaps the most dangerous thing about him , that he made her want him .
for one thing , you 'll be sound asleep as soon as you stop talking . ''
that was the only thing that gave her the strength , finally , to pull away from him and straighten her clothes , push her hair out of her face and unzip the tent .
the last thing she wanted to do was love him , but it was way too late to worry about that now .
for one thing , she had been alone .
the first thing he saw was the open first aid kit .
the only thing that 's changed is her role .
for one thing , it was expensive .
but he 'd damn sure eat something else afterward , because if he got shot , he did n't want pickled beets to be the last thing he tasted.the late august afternoon was hot when he pulled off the road .
` ` well , that 's one thing , '' she said bitterly .
the only thing that gave him hope was that she 'd said she loved him .
` ` for one thing , he is n't interested in me . ''
she acted as though she was eager to get started right that moment and the only thing holding her back was propriety .
the only thing they had in common was the fact that they lived next door to each other and her son was crazy about his dog .
the first thing robin noticed when she arrived on orchard street was cole 's porsche parked in the driveway of his house .
` ` i hate to disillusion you , my friend , but the only thing cole camden and i have in common is the fact that my small yard borders his massive one . ''
the first thing robin noticed when she pulled into her driveway was that cole 's house was dark .
perhaps she recognized it in cole because she saw the same thing in herself .
watching kendrick swing and slash had thor mesmerized : it was a thing of beauty .
the hoofs left a hollow and reassuring sound , the only real thing that thor could hang onto in this surreal place .
and the last thing he remembered , before he blacked out , was being led across the room , towards a lady 's bed , and hoping he made it before he hit the floor .
the noise struck thor like a living thing , the hall absolutely packed with people .
his sense of smell was remarkably acute ; it seemed to be the only thing working properly .
lord john and the plague of zombies introduction to lord john and the plague of zombies the thing about lord john 's situation and career - unmarried , no fixed establishment , discreet political connections , fairly high - ranking officer - is that he can easily take part in far - flung adventures , rather than being bound to a pedestrian daily life .
she 'd seen that same thing , the greyness lying on someone 's face like fog , seen it twice before and knew it at once for death 's shadow .
she could n't tell him any more than she had , that was the thing .
the only thing that had changed was the size of her clothes .
despite all these other strikes , though , the one thing that really drove me crazy about her was the fact that she was always so damn cheerful , no matter what was happening around her .
one thing i really liked about beaufort was the fact that the springs and falls lasted practically forever .
the only thing that kept me going was the fact that i was doing the ` ` right thing . ''
for one thing , since hegbert did n't allow her to wear makeup - with the single exception being the christmas play - i was sure she could n't wear perfume .
` ` doing the play was the thing that kept me healthy for so long . ''
` ` no , '' she said , ` ` it 's because it 's the only thing i have left . ''
her cheerfulness and optimism , even in times of sickness , was the most amazing thing i have ever witnessed .
that was another thing she did .
the last thing i need is to embark on a scandalous affair with a prince . ''
adventure is definitely the last thing i need .
which would be perfect , since the last thing she needed was more drama in her life .
there 's one thing i ca n't change about myself , and that 's my homeland . ''
` ` one thing you learn to do as a royal is present a united front .
and the best thing of all has been learning that i have a beautiful daughter . ''
they 'd be miserable tonight and with cammie sick , the last thing she needed was to get rained on inside her house .
the very last thing eve needed was to be blindsided by his desire .
it was as if time had stopped and the only thing that existed were the two of them , in this room , their lips fused in a hot rush .
the only thing i want you thinking about is me .
and sleep was the only thing keeping hell at bay .
but through it all , one thing had remained constant .
sure it had felt that way at seventeen , when he 'd had only a half - dozen girls in his sexual history and faith had been the most precious thing in the world .
but the only thing that stuck with me was her assertion that she was perfect for me .
no , the main thing keeping her blocked and up half the night was the knowledge he was right .
the last thing she needed to do was crash out on the couch .
it was the number one thing he had learned in his years on the force .
last thing he needed was to be hard while talking to his boss .
being in a relationship was the last thing either of them needed , especially with each other .
last thing they needed was to be dealing with this bullshit .
she was n't scared - the only thing left that they could take from her was her life , and julia did n't care about that , not anymore .
and the beautiful thing about driving was that it stole just enough of his attention - car parked on the side , maybe a cop , slow to speed limit , time to pass this sixteen - wheeler , turn signal , check rearview , crane neck to check blind spot and yes , okay , left lane - to distract from the gnawing hole in his belly .
for one thing , keith never gave him an abdominal snowman .
` ` here 's the thing about storytelling : you need a beginning , and a middle , and an end .
the thing about getting dumped generally , and getting dumped by katherines in particular , was how utterly monotonous it was .
this land hollis is selling , the thing about it is - well , i ' m partly mad because i do n't want there to be some bullshit mcmansion subdivision up there , but also partly because my secret hideout is up there . ''
fourteen ` ` the thing about your stories , '' lindsey was saying in the darkness as they approached the forest in front of them , ` ` is that they still do n't have any morals , and you ca n't do a good girl voice , and you do n't really talk enough about everyone else - the story 's still about you .
` ` the thing about the oldsters , i think , is that they never screwed with me , so i do n't worry about them .
the thing about chameleoning your way through life is that it gets to where nothing is real .
` ` and then came middle school and the severe unpopularity commenced in earnest , but the nice thing about being on the near end of the cool curve is that periodically people will take pity on you , such as sixth grade 's katherine the kind , a sweetheart who wore a frequently snapped training bra and whom everyone called pizza face due to an acne problem that was n't even that bad , and who eventually broke up with me not because she realized i was damaging what minuscule social standing she had but because she felt that our month - long relationship had hurt my academic pursuits , which she believed to be very important .
there was room enough to be anyone - anyone except whom he 'd already been , for if colin had learned one thing from gutshot , it 's that you ca n't stop the future from coming .
the last thing we need to do now is argue with each other . ''
that last thing i need now is more publicity . ''
and tired or not , she wanted the same thing .
that was another thing about his mom .
the first thing he noticed was her fragrance , soft and sweet as newfallen rain .
the thing he liked best about her .
the first thing he saw was the baby bed , with the silver side rails .
that was the thing he loved most about fame : it gave a man wings .
like last christmas , when we all went skiing at schweitzer mountain , and you said the only thing to look forward to in a sport that froze your nose hairs was quitting it . ''
even though she was still pretty , and daddy had shown bret the important things - like the rosy pink on her cheeks and the way her chest rose and fell with every breath- all good signs , daddy always said .
that was one thing she knew now .
when she opened the door , the first thing she noticed was the evergreen smell of christmas .
gabriel watched as goodness floated down from heaven , thinking humans were right about one thing .
trust me , the last thing i need now is a sermon . ''
the first thing monica noticed was the calendar with a nak*d blond woman sprawled out on a blanket of black velvet .
the only thing that had stopped him was knowing that neither one of them would be the same afterward .
the only thing that kept her from doing so was the idea of facing the day at home alone with her doubts - a day alone with her fears .
one thing she 'd always loved about andrew was his childlike attitude toward christmas .
the funny thing was , she insisted it was jay leno , speaking directly to her .
for one thing , he could n't offer them prayer assignments .
blythe was sure to wrinkle her nose at the very thing joy loved about this old shop .
it was the one thing that plagued maureen the most about her divorce .
you should have phoned him first thing . ''
jenny would have thrown in the towel a long time before now if it had n't been for one thing .
besides , he 's got this thing about women . ''
` ` the last thing you need is a fracture . ''
` ` his good looks are the only thing he has going for him , '' beth mumbled .
the next thing carter heard was the sound of his father 's voice .
this inner tigress thing must be paying off .
` ` we work together , for one thing .
` ` the only thing i like better is when you 're wearing nothing at all . ''
the only thing she 's got going for her is that she does n't steal . ''
` ` there 's one thing that you have to do to keep this job and that is to portray the confidence that our girls have .
for one thing , you 're not taking me away .
if there was one thing he 'd learned in the dating world , it was that women loved surprises , and if it helped him alleviate the guilt he felt from checking up on her in the first place , all the better .
that was the thing about life , he knew .
end of story , except for one thing : he somehow doubted she was there .
if he 'd learned one thing about small towns , it was that news traveled fast , especially bad news , and he had no desire to have anyone else in town start speculating about him and lexie .
but if there was one thing he 'd learned from his first marriage , it was never to complain about the frequency of sex .
she was the only thing he could see , but he did n't want to see her like this .
what if this ... thing ... they felt for each other was n't enough ?
the last thing she wished to discuss at the moment was the unnerved state she was in .
for one thing , she 'd received no proposal from him yet , nor had she accepted .
this was his achilles ' heel - the one thing that unnerved him more than anything else , and the reason why he 'd postponed taking his seat in parliament : public speaking .
the last thing i wish is to incite more gossip . ''
for one thing , he was n't married , and for another , he 'd never seduced someone who was .
being a rake and being myself are one and the same thing . ''
the last thing i want is for you to regret your decision . ''
the last thing i want is for you to grow to resent me .
the last thing she wanted right now was for him to start kissing and touching her , for in spite of her temper , she did n't trust herself not to melt in his arms .
she tried to keep her voice steady , since the last thing she wanted to sound like was a railing shrew , but the task was proving difficult .
but if there was one thing that i knew i could count on , it was that you would n't want anyone to discover what really happened at your home that day . ''
that 's the thing of it - the really petty thing of it - i ca n't help but feel like this was n't supposed to happen to me .
that 's the thing of it - the really petty thing of it - i ca n't help but feel like this was n't supposed to happen to me .
if civilization comes crashing down at midnight , the last thing i 'd want is to be stuck in my apartment , living off bottled water and canned beans .
the strange thing about seeing someone for the first time in nine years is the way they look totally different , just for a second , a split second , and then they look to you the way they always have , as if no time has passed between you .
` ` that 's the thing ... , '' she said , ` ` i ' m not even sure that it did upset me .
phillip , for one thing . ''
the only thing the two men had in common was their gender .
the last thing she saw before the doors closed was brant leading the woman he loved into his office .
she mocked , sounding almost back to normal , if there even was such a thing as normal for her .
if there was one thing she was used to it was a smooth ride , he decided , watching her sit back on the sofa like the lady of leisure she was , the contract casually resting on her lap .
but in one swift movement he pushed himself to his feet and stood looking down at her , his tension a tangible thing .
dear god , the last thing she wanted was to be a convenience to this man .
everything about him ... every feeling for him ... was a precious thing to be cherished and savored .
she realized that was the one thing no one had ever given him .
` ` the thing is why did he feel he had to point it out ? ''
as far as she could tell , it was the only thing that had changed overnight .
keep calm and carry on is one thing .
we used to just get started at three a.m. '' ` ` getting started at three a.m. with a guy in my bed is one thing .
the last thing she needed right now was a comment on her weight .
the last thing laura needs is to feel manipulated . ''
the absolutely last thing he needed .
` ` i ca n't believe the first thing we talk about after seven years is kissing . ''
making things happen was one thing a valente did extremely well .
she did n't think of herself as a beauty , but she knew her looks were probably the only thing she had going for her with nick .
the only thing he showed was a passionate hunger for her that took her by surprise .
the last thing she needed to bring out in the open was any sort of feelings .
they 'd been out of the house a lot lately and cabin fever was the last thing she 'd have .
` ` and that 's another thing , '' he was quick to point out .
at least that was one thing she had in common with connor - he 'd worked hard to get where he was .
the thing that made him even angrier was the grief coursing through him at knowing he would n't see her again .
he wanted the same thing drew did , which was to be loved for who he was and not for what he had .
` ` the nice thing with being the boss is i can take off whenever i want , '' he responded with a wicked grin .
the great thing about being a business owner was she could take her daughter with her because there was no way she wanted a stranger to raise her child , while she worked all day .
drew had hired a staff for the house so she was never truly alone but it was n't the same thing as having her husband there , or her best friend .
the only thing more perfect than her special day and having drew as her husband , was going through her pregnancy with jasmine .
the only thing that saved her had been her great reflexes .
the last thing she heard before the door of the restaurant closed was her boss yelling at her she was fired .
one thing damien knew for sure was that there was a lot more to sierra than the small glimpse he 'd just seen of her .
for one thing , she 'd throttle him , for another , she 'd talk him out of it .
he could ' ve been a gentleman and just let it go , but she was quickly learning that damien whitfield was the furthest thing from a gentleman .
the last thing she recalled was lying down on the couch with a cup of hot chocolate and a movie playing .
she hoped her mother was far happier wherever she was , and the only thing that kept sierra from falling apart was knowing she 'd someday see her again .
one thing she discovered about damien was that he was generous to a fault .
there was no such thing as a gorgeous , dashing and successful man who wanted to stay married to one woman for life .
far better looking , for one thing . ''
after dealing with stanton , the last thing i needed was another domineering male trying to push me around .
` ` because the only thing you want to talk about is what you have to do to get laid ! ''
frankly , the only thing she and i have in common is gideon , and that 's not a good thing .
` ` you 're the most important thing in my life .
the one thing i hated , were my glasses .
if there was one thing i had learned about her , it was that she was trustworthy and loyal .
` ` seeing you like this ; stripped and bare , open for me , completely vulnerable ; it 's the most beautiful thing in the world . ''
we stopped and waited , surrounded by bustling people , but the only thing i noticed was the tension building between us .
the last thing i needed was to sit alone in my hotel room and fantasize about the beautiful man down the hall .
the only thing in this moment was this beautiful man and the incredible things he was making me feel .
` ` because the last thing i wanted was you in there watching me throw up , '' he replied almost grumpily , and i rolled my eyes , offering him the bottle of water .
the last thing i heard before i drifted off to sleep was the contented sigh of the woman i knew i 'd never let go of again .
she liked the thing about me that every other woman wanted to tame , but i was n't sure i liked that this was her primary impression of who i was .
my stomach was a tad soft , my arms did that weird jiggle thing when i waved , and there was always this damn little pooch over the top of my jeans if i did n't keep that shit sucked in .
my face was n't the only thing that was warm now .
i had n't realized at the party how young he looked : he had that silently vibrating , feet - bouncy thing going on , where he seemed constantly excited about something .
the last thing i needed right now was alcohol .
the only thing that seemed different was that i drank my alcoholic lunch beverage in less than five minutes and then earned a raised eyebrow from our regular waiter when i ordered another .
she startled a little , but the first thing she saw when she opened her eyes was me .
it was possible that the only thing more stressful than meeting the parents was hiding everything from the family .
even at jensen 's wedding - where i 'd been the best man - the only thing keeping me going during the ceremony was the thought of taking the two bridesmaids to the coat closet to bang .
i missed the comfort of her company , the way she listened so carefully , the way i knew she said whatever came to mind when she was around me , a thing i noticed she did n't do with anyone else .
pretty much the only thing i can still think of is how good it will feel when i thrust into her warm , wet cunt , and lost in that all consuming desire i reach down to undo the button of her pants .
evident sexual compatibility aside , he 's one thing above everything else - loyal .
her voice is calm but her eyes are pleading with me , and one thing i can never do , and that is refuse her anything she asks for .
her laugh is the last thing i hear before i end the call and shove my way through the swing doors into the er , letting the bustle of people draw my attention away from my own thoughts .
she does that irritatingly erotic thing where she catches her lip between her teeth while she 's batting her eyelashes at me coyly .
i leave her like that for another minute or two before i walk around the island to where her head is about the only thing she can move .
slowly she walks up to my back , then takes a tour around me , her stocking clad feet in the unfamiliarly high heeled shoes the only thing i see of bella .
it feels so f**king good that i nearly pass out , the weight of bella sagging down onto me the only thing anchoring me here .
the last thing that comes off is the collar , and i ' m surprised at how lonely and nak*d that makes me feel .
` ` you know , that thing where you do n't expect hell to swallow you up and hurl you into an abyss of eternal torment ?
the only thing better than that is actually being the one to cause all those sensory assaults , on my lovely bella no less .
her eyes are the first thing that moves , rolling up until she 's looking into my face .
a steep blush creeps over bella 's face and upper chest as the sound of her urine being expelled is the only thing audible inside the room except for her shallow breaths , but she does n't even try to add any verbal protest .
` ` in the heat of the moment , with my thoughts scrambled and my whole body singing with ecstasy , the only thing i could really think of was how much i liked the sensation .
the only thing she does n't complain about are all the nettle burns that liberally cover her body , but that 's probably due to the fact that on the way back to the cabin she has kept rubbing her thighs together whenever she thought i ' m not looking .
one thing i ' ve always admired about her is that she does n't play games , and it only takes us five minutes until i accuse her of acting weirdly at the end of the scene with bella 's crash , the crash that i feel she partly provoked .
it 's as if alice has shut that door between us once again , and the only thing i ' m really surprised about is how easily i can accept that .
when she realized that was about the only thing making me hesitate mandy told me that she did n't last two hours herself when she got hers .
the only thing that keeps me going is the promise that between the day before thanksgiving until black friday afternoon i ' m going to be off rotation so that i can at least see my family again .
` ` the weird thing , or guess professional side about her was that she did n't seem curious .
i figured i just did n't want it to end , because things were working really well with the dynamic we had established , it was all so comfortable and low maintenance , but at the same time so much more than just meaningless sex - and one thing i think i really regretted from the start was telling neither of you any of that .
i knew i was playing on bella 's insecurity with this but after the fight you had , i really thought she was over it and knew that she was everything for you , because to me it was so obvious that she was the only thing you cared about . ''
but you ca n't intervene on my behalf , so to say , because i really do n't want you to , and the last thing i need is edward second - guessing himself just because what i need him to do makes you uncomfortable .
` ` one thing you should be aware of , as a bottom , whatever you do has consequences .
letting me stand here , feeling stupid with my c*ck still as hard as if you were stroking me without even doing anything , and my own stupidity the only thing keeping me from it .
the only thing that counts for me is that you 're happy , edward . ''
jealous of all the time he gets to spend with her , to be more precise , and the chance to give her the one thing i ca n't always provide - attention .
it 's the only one left in the whole apartment , another weird thing i ' ve noticed as she had pictures everywhere before .
but the only thing i actually feel is relief .
the only thing i care about is her smile and her eager kisses , and the sure knowledge that one way or another , i ' ve given her exactly what she wants .
the only thing i do care about is that i ' m living together with the two most wonderful people in the world , who i love more than life itself and who feel the same way about me .
the last thing i saw before my eyes closed was her storming out of the room , shouting something about payback .
` ` because the last thing i needed was you in there , watching me throw up . ''
the thing that had always driven me crazy about chloe was that i could n't ignore her , whether she was in a room , or out of it .
i like seeing that the only thing that will change after this week is that bennett will have a ring on his finger and my last name after his first name .
the first thing i noticed was the soft sound of suction as the heel of her shoe sank into the wet ground with each step .
and as the judge spoke to us about the meaning of the rings , and i slid bennett 's onto his finger , the only thing i could feel was the brilliance of bennett 's smile as he stared down at it .
it 's one thing that i both admire about her and get annoyed at .
he had that bad - boy thing going on , that cocky attitude and dangerous demeanor that mila could n't resist .
because there 's one thing i know about myself .
the only thing i know about spiders is that i stay away from them . ''
for one thing , i think therapy 's a bunch of bullshit .
and if there 's one thing i learned from pax , it 's that everyone has demons .
but one thing i ca n't ignore is that everything about that man makes my knees weak .
and i ca n't ignore the biggest thing of all , the heavy question that sits on my chest all the time , even though i ' ve only just acknowledged it .
` ` mila , the last thing i need today is to worry about you .
the worst thing is the not knowing .
it helps me stay numb ... and numbness is a welcome f**king thing .
if there 's one thing you should know about me , it 's that i do n't do anything that i do n't want to do . ''
i can feel every step he takes , his presence behind me a tangible thing , like a force field of sexiness and arrogance .
there 's one thing about me .
but as i look at dominic , i can see that excitement is the very last thing he 's feeling .
after everything she 's revealed to me about herself , i know that i ' m the last thing she needs .
it 's a primal thing ... like dominic is taking full control of the situation .
not one thing ... except for the clear fact that he has a lot of shoes and clothes .
i woke up this morning and you were the first thing i thought of ... and you were the last thing i thought of last night before i went to sleep .
one thing i ' ve definitely learned in life is that you ca n't make someone love you .
the first thing i focus on are the women in cages .
the thing is , she should n't be alone .
it 's a wonderment to me and it 's the last thing i can think of as i drift into sleep .
but strangely , after years of seeking out solitude , it 's the last thing i want now .
it 's the only thing that helps , the only thing that calms me down .
it 's the only thing that helps , the only thing that calms me down .
her ego is the biggest thing about her .
the intense blue eyes of his had to be the only thing his dad gave him genetically and physically .
but the first thing i saw was the very defined six pack of marcus hardy 's stomach peeking out from underneath the dark blue t - shirt he was wearing .
the minty taste of his toothpaste was the most delicious thing to ever touch my tongue , i swear .
the last thing amanda needed was to hear me vent about what a complete ass our father was .
the curly red hair that belonged to the secretary he supposedly had fired was the first thing i noticed .
the only thing that kept me sane was she was n't with another guy .
the only thing i look forward to at the moment is my morning walk .
if there is one thing i do know about big john , it 's that he 's not a big talker , but then one question just shoots right out .
the only thing i seem to be able to concentrate on is the wildfire spreading throughout my body and slamming straight between my thighs on a powerful , determined thud .
i ' m glad jesse is behind me because he is the only thing holding me up .
after the day i ' ve had , this is the last thing i need .
the last thing i need is jesse finding it .
the last thing i need is to rile him after yesterday 's events .
sarah 's panicked voice is the first thing to attack my ears as we enter the manor .
the thing that is bothering me the most , though , is my unreasonable , enquiring mind that keeps wondering just how many of them jesse has slept with .
i make a grab for a table when i feel my legs wobble and the change in his approaching expression from rage to pure terror is the last thing i see before the black sets in and i become weightless .
the only familiar thing is that irate voice and it 's a strange comfort to me , but god it 's playing havoc with my sensitive head .
the only thing i ' m alert of is the timing between each lash and the air whipping before the leather connects with my flesh .
her mother was correct about one thing : she seldom had this type of instant connection to someone .
the one thing she hated though was how unprofessional this made her look at work .
that 's one thing i ' ve learned this year .
` ` that 's a funny thing about visiting relatives .
the last thing claire wanted to do was marry a man who had itchy feet .
one thing motherhood had taught her - love required boldness .
the last thing she wanted to do was stand around not talking with sam .
` ` sleeping is one thing .
that 's the thing about love .
the last thing i chose for myself was the wedding gown with parachute sleeves .
the last thing meghann wanted was to care for someone .
for more nights than he wanted to count , it had been his strength , the only thing holding him together ; the first thing he remembered in the morning and the last thing on his mind when he fell asleep .
for more nights than he wanted to count , it had been his strength , the only thing holding him together ; the first thing he remembered in the morning and the last thing on his mind when he fell asleep .
if ... the worst happens , you ' ve denied him the one thing that matters .
food was the last thing on her mind .
yes , i know that 's the next line from the movie , but i ' ve never thought the kiss between westley and buttercup was all that great , for one thing , and for another , this kiss between chase and i ... the stars froze in the sky , and the moon went dark , and all the world stopped and stared , awed at the sheer , breathtaking passion blazing between us .
the last thing i could do right then was eat .
` ` i love who you are , and i love every single thing about you , good or bad .
chase would freak , for one thing .
after putting on the sexiest bra and panties i could fit in , i put on my favorite outfit , the only thing i felt sexy in , a floor - length , high - waisted dress , scooped low in front and back to show off my ginormous preggo boobs , tucking in just right to give me some curves around my h*ps and ass without hugging my belly .
it would be nice to get to know her , for one thing .
the sad thing is , there are girls who 'd do anything for a hot guy .
i heard chase counting now instead of the nurse , and his voice was my only lifeline to reality , the only thing connecting me to anything but pain and pushing .
i mean , do n't get me wrong , that 's the only thing , and it 's not the thing i love the most about jeff as a man , but our sexual relationship never failed to leave me breathless .
i mean , do n't get me wrong , that 's the only thing , and it 's not the thing i love the most about jeff as a man , but our sexual relationship never failed to leave me breathless .
i 'd barely seen jeff in the previous two and half weeks of caleb 's stay in the nicu , and kisses had been the last thing on our mind in the days leading up to and immediately after giving birth .
the first thing she noticed was his stature .
for one thing he was still angry she refused to ride with him and secondly he just wanted to be in her company .
and one thing that amy needed to learn about him was that he always got what he wanted .
communication 's key to a good business and we need to be able to reach each other at all times , well that 's except nighttime when work should be the last thing on anybody 's mind , '' he added with a laugh .
she gasped and the only thing that kept her from running was joseph gripping her arm .
she wished he could realize the only thing she wanted from him was his love .
to give her his love too ; seemed like he would be giving up the last thing he had left to hold onto .
she could see the love and pride shining in lucas 's eyes and it was the most beautiful thing in the world .
she was grateful now she 'd had a few extra drinks because it was the only thing calming her nerves .
it was really nice to have julia 's help but holding her son was the most relaxing thing in the world to her .
the man was stunning every day but in skin tight wranglers , boots and a worn hat he was the sexiest thing she 'd every laid eyes on .
the only thing that saved her from falling over was an arm , which snaked around her waist .
one thing he knew was that she was n't greedy .
the last thing she could remember was walking , and then things got a bit fuzzy .
for one thing , it was a large room with only one bed .
the only thing keeping her standing was her grip around his shoulders .
it was just one more thing cassie loved about her .
the thing that scared bree the most was how dependent she was becoming on him .
it was the only thing that got her though the endless hours as she worked and worked at the ropes binding her .
i ' m sure everything will eventually come back to me , but one thing i know is that i love you .
it was the only thing she had to hold on to .
the thing that scared the living crap out of him was he was n't so emphatic in his bachelorhood convictions anymore .
one thing he did know for sure , though , was that no matter how irritated he became with his brothers , sister , or even cousins , he would still always love them .
` ` the only thing more beautiful than your smile is your eyes . ''
the last thing she remembered before blessed oblivion overtook her was the feel of soft blankets being placed over her .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned from listening to joseph and katherine 's love story , it 's that time is too precious to waste . ''
` ` i never wanted to find love again , but the funny thing about love , is that you do n't choose it , it chooses you .
the one thing he would n't give her was freedom .
as she looked down his perfect body , she knew she wanted only one thing .
one thing she knew for sure was that her life was forever changed .
he let her go , let her do as she liked , and the only thing he wanted in return was a child .
granny dee was in the kitchen baking and the last thing julia wanted to do was explain why she was crying her eyes out .
the last thing he needed right now was another wife to worry about .
but this - this was war , and if there was one thing the lord of holden knew a lot about , it was war .
the last thing she wanted was to walk anywhere with him .
the only positive thing about the situation was that his bride looked about as miserable as he had been since arriving at tiernay .
the first thing she saw was his manhood , and it had a detrimental effect on her composure .
the last thing he remembered was thinking he would die out there in the woods without ever having told helen how he felt about her .
there was one thing about the white lighters .
for one thing , he 'd been wearing blue jeans and a t - shirt .
but maybe that was because she was built , another thing the photo had n't gotten across .
the first thing he checked in his office was his e - mail , and he let out a breath of relief when he saw one from gage .
they sat down to fried chicken and potatoes with lump - as the only thing that lured the dog from food was more food - caging fries by leaning against cal 's knee or fox 's .
the stark contrast of stimulus was the only thing preventing willow from abandoning herself to the music , to the sensations he created within her and the fire that was now raging through her blood .
the other women were the last thing she needed to be thinking about at that moment .
another thing he loved about his motorcycle was the way a person could feel the motor purring through their body .
that was another thing that surprised him - how much he did not want to simply pry into her mind .
the first thing she saw when she turned the corner at the lobby was tommy 's grin .
it makes perfect sense that the two of them would- '' ` ` the last thing i need is for you to criticize me , too , '' jacqueline blurted out .
for one thing , this was the best margarita i 'd had in years .
the thing with cancer is that you learn to take nothing for granted .
` ` you 're the first thing i think of when i wake in the morning and the last thing on my mind at night . ''
` ` you 're the first thing i think of when i wake in the morning and the last thing on my mind at night . ''
all this time , the only thing that had stood between them was pride .
this morning , first thing , i 'd given my sister an opportunity to open up to me about matt 's work situation , but she remained closemouthed .
the other thing courtney knew was that bethanne needed to find a job .
the thing she does n't understand is how badly she 's hurting herself . ''
one thing my sister had in abundance was pride .
and the last thing she wanted was for her grandmother to climb the stairs .
` ` our being together is the only thing right about this situation , '' maverick insisted in a husky whisper .
` ` there is no such thing as luck . ''
one thing she 'd learned through all of this was that she did n't need a man in her life .
but the last thing she remembered was going out to collect the mail and that must have been hours ago .
the first thing she saw as she crossed the lawn was the display of flowers that marked the site - a display that was similar to the one she 'd seen earlier , with roses again and peonies instead of lilacs .
she had been at first , but the thing about finding your way home was that while the path might be familiar , it sometimes took unexpected twists and turns .
jordan got along exceptionally well with his parents , and the last thing alix wanted to do was mess that up for him .
if there was one thing to be grateful for , it was the fact that colette had n't witnessed his fall .
that was n't the only thing that had changed , she thought sarcastically .
the thing that bothered alix most was the expense her friends had gone to on her behalf .
the thing about hope , she discovered , was that it was like a powerful painkilling drug .
for one thing , i had far less to forgive than my sister .
` ` mom has this thing about walking around in stocking feet , '' barbie said , glancing at her mother .
find one good thing about life she felt almost embarrassed that all she could come up with was such a plaintive , pathetic desire , one that betrayed the sorry state of her mental health .
the first thing anne marie noticed was how impossibly small the desks were .
there was the matter of those red cowboy boots , for one thing .
find one good thing about life she took out the binder she 'd purchased and assembled the scrapbooking supplies and the few pictures she 'd already cut out .
if there was one thing she knew about , it was dealing with the insecurities of the adolescent male .
` ` brandon , one thing ... melissa 's and my conversation ... '' ` ` yes ? ''
` ` the problem is , we do n't have a single thing in common . ''
for one thing , it does n't look like i 'll be able to graduate on time . ''
` ` the only thing getting to me is you .
` ` but i know one thing about him - he loved you . ''
she 's suffered a tremendous loss and the last thing she needs is to be rushed into a new relationship . ''
` ` well , for one thing , she baked cookies this afternoon . ''
` ` well , for one thing , i felt tremendous guilt at having abandoned candy . ''
she 'd visit max during working hours because the one thing she could count on was that clark would n't show up if it interfered with law - f irm business .
one thing i could count on was casey 's interest in collecting a paycheck .
` ` for one thing , you ' ve been very quiet ever since you got off the phone with john custer . ''
i the first thing i noticed was the date .
` ` well , for one thing , he asked me not to hum .
the last thing i need is macy constantly fussing over me . ''
` ` well , for one thing , you ' ve been sitting in here for the past thirty minutes , doing nothing but staring at that computer screen . ''
` ` well , for one thing , he can be moody after work .
` ` for one thing , i would n't know what to say .
the thing is , dad , mom is n't acting like herself .
` ` one thing these wolves can not do , yet , is fly .
one thing i did not need today was a face - to - face encounter with the man who 'd had his tongue in my mouth last night .
for one thing , i did n't date .
tonight i felt all of those things , as well as ... a branch broke behind me .
another thing bugs me .
the last thing to change was his head .
there was no such thing as ` ` vacation time '' to a ceo , especially not one in his thirties .
her weight was pressing down on his thighs , and the last thing she wanted was to crush him .
` ` time is the only thing i want from you , travis .
the last thing she wanted was a delicious , beautiful man leaning over her and talking about her ex .
the only good thing about the place was the location - five minutes from work .
` ` for one thing , i like my clothing .
it was the only thing she 'd had to hold on to ... something .
or , even better , he 'd put it on the wall opposite his bed so it would be the first thing he saw when he woke up in the morning and the last thing he saw before he went to sleep at night .
the only thing marring the entire day was the fact that her mother 's jewelry was gone .
it 's the only thing i have left of her .
last thing i need to do is be stumbling around manhattan after dark . ''
you 're making a spectacle of yourself and that 's one thing you ' ve always hated . ''
she had n't worn the shoes for most of the drinkfest and the last thing she wanted to do was face - plant now that she had them on .
he has this dark , mysterious thing going on with him .
the other thing she realized was that she needed to confront ash .
i ' m too upset to form a coherent argument and the last thing i want is to say things i 'll regret . ''
the first thing he registered when he burst through her door was the smell of blood .
habit was a weird thing .
the thing with jerry was that he was so focused on what he wanted that everything else sort of bounced off him .
strange how much she 'd changed since then , jenner thought , and yet one thing had n't changed : she still did n't truly fit in here .
for one thing , caro had n't invited her , even though she was fairly certain syd had already broached the subject with her friend before asking jenner .
if there was one thing jenner disliked , it was someone telling her to do what she was told .
for one thing , even though she had small breasts , she had a nice , round ass .
for one thing , the tank style of the top left her arms completely bare - and those bare arms were also completely uncovered .
the last thing he wanted was for her to deck him in public .
for one thing , macho man could n't seem to accept that she was n't going to go running to the ship 's captain , she was n't going to try to hide from him , she was n't going to do anything that would endanger syd .
the last thing she wanted was to be alone in the suite with him right now .
for one thing , the look in his eyes as he watched her made her as flustered as a virgin the day after her wedding .
for one thing , he was one of larkin 's underpaid , overworked security guards .
the funny thing about rollie was that when she was in high - stress situations , she did n't react the same way as other people .
because right now , her sass was the only thing stopping her from freaking out .
the forest floor was n't too kind to her pampered feet , and as soon as they got to civilization , the first thing she 'd get was a decent pair of sneakers .
the first thing i noticed about the driver of the car was her wild blond hair with bright pink tips .
the only thing that threw me off a little was the hair .
i stalked past miranda and shoved gee aside as i made my way down to the parking lot in the closest thing to human speed as i could manage .
gee asked as she looked over at the girl whose damaged soul was also the only thing gee saw .
his solemn tone was the only thing that concerned me .
the only thing that saved us from taking it too far was the fact she was exhausted .
the only thing that could make this better is if you were shirtless . ''
` ` well , for one thing , we 're big on sports in cedar cove .
the most appealing thing about him was his age .
` ` well , for one thing , he 's friends with bob beldon .
the first thing she noticed was tom houston 's signature white outfit .
the last thing she expected when she arrived at olivia 's was a houseful of company .
if there was one thing she 'd learned this past year , it was that she could n't take anything for granted .
one thing dan 's disappearance had done was bring grace closer to her daughters .
` ` i have this thing about secrets .
` ` actually , the feeling is mutual , but we do have one thing in common - our high regard for shirley . ''
the only thing we have in common that i can see is our ... our sexual interest in each other .
she 'd been correct about one thing ; he intended to punish her , make this as hard as he could .
for one thing , it was a real date .
the only thing to which she could attribute this sense of loss was the comfort she 'd found in knowing he was close at hand .
that belief was the only thing that got him through the day .
if we hang the painting on the wall i suggest , it 'll be the first thing people see when they enter the gallery . ''
olivia 's plan to freeze charlotte 's bounty had n't worked ; for one thing , they 'd quickly run out of room .
the last thing she wanted was for beau to make a meal out of one of those .
if there was one thing she hated , it was being late .
` ` one thing lenny 's never been is lost or broken .
for one thing , rachel had a day off during the week ; for another , she was diligent about keeping in touch with jolene after school .
the only thing that mattered was lying in seth 's arms , sharing their love .
` ` well , for one thing , '' grace said , cradling her water glass in both hands .
an hour later when he drove back to the house with eddie , the first thing he noticed was rosie 's car parked in the driveway .
` ` unfortunately not a damn thing .
the last thing she needed was a lecture .
one date was all it 'd taken for both of them to realize that the only thing they had in common was loss .
` ` i know you are , but that does n't change a damn thing , does it ? ''
the only thing missing was carolers walking by in old - fashioned winter coats or a sleigh gliding past .
the only thing they could suggest is the tube leading to the automatic steering system had an air pocket in it .
` ` i know , but when i see you the last thing i feel like doing is talking . ''
the last thing she wanted now was for cliff to learn about that .
` ` well , for one thing , your father died in cedar cove .
the thing was , grace was n't a natural liar .
` ` there 's a nice thing about me being pregnant . ''
one thing quickly became evident : what nate lacked in years he made up for in experience .
the last thing hannah needed was for bob to do the same .
` ` that he 's who he says he is , for one thing . ''
that was one thing cecilia understood .
for one thing , you 're home now and you 're not scheduled to go back to sea until after my due date . ''
but the last thing bob felt was festive , so he made his excuses and left after the show .
he was younger , for one thing , and while that had n't seemed important earlier , it did now .
paul 's image was the first thing she saw when she woke and the last before she turned off her light .
` ` that 's the interesting thing about all of this , warren .
` ` for one thing , i find him more interesting than nate . ''
the last thing she wanted now was company .
for one thing they shared a view of the world , including their passion for animals ; vicki was a veterinarian and cal a horse - trainer who worked for grace harding 's husband .
for one thing , he could n't imagine them as a couple .
the first thing that caught his eye was the carpeted staircase .
the thing is , they 're perfect together . ''
fear of what might happen if he gave in was the only thing that held him back .
` ` well , for one thing , you ' ve got the biggest match of your life in the morning . ''
one thing mary jo knew : she did not want her three brothers delivering this baby .
the last thing tanni needed was to be questioned by the seattle press .
the one thing olivia wished was that her family and friends would stop treating her as if she 'd faint at the smallest hint of bad news .
the only thing she remembered was something about a backpack program sponsored by the church .
the thing he 'd noticed about reporters was that the more fuss he made , the keener their interest .
` ` once these babies are born , the last thing teri will think about is getting pregnant again . ''
he 'd like to meet david rhodes in a back alley someday , but that was n't likely to happen ; for one thing , the guy was obviously avoiding cedar cove .
the thing is- '' she hesitated and then looked away .
` ` well , for one thing , david rhodes , noelle 's birth father , is threatening to go for custody . ''
one thing mack did n't want was his sister 's sympathy .
for one thing , sugarplum used to stop and graze whenever she felt like it , completely ignoring grace 's commands .
` ` will , there is such a thing as scansion- '' between one moment and the next jem 's laughter turned into a fit of coughing .
to have chosen this life is a very different thing from having been born into it .
i asked him why he did not end his life , and he said he still felt one thing , and that was fear - fear of what lies after death .
he was lying on his back , looking upward , and the first thing he saw was camil e 's face as she bent over the back of the sofa , regarding him .
there was one thing that was different , though .
he could not take from him the one thing jem wanted more than anything else .
` ` the only thing i ' ve eaten here is the asiago cheese and portabella mushroom panini sandwich . ''
feeling depleted of air , he could n't concentrate on any one particular thing about her .
his voice left no room for argument , and the last thing she wanted was for him to get drunk and start a fight .
` ` that 's right - the whole seasick thing .
the only thing he knew for sure was that his emotions were caught in a clusterfuck of epic proportions .
the only thing he knew was that he could n't make sense of his emotions , and in that moment , he did n't care if he should .
the only thing about the ` ` mannequin '' that emily knew to be real was that she was a certified uppity , gold - digging snob .
it was a sunny day - that 's another thing she remembered .
she did n't know who or what to blame , but the one thing she did know was the whole situation was tearing her apart .
he was all she craved and desired , and the only thing she feared was that she would n't be able to get enough of him .
however , the only thing he could taste or feel running through his veins was emily .
the last thing i need is him or seth hovering over me when i ' m trying to work . ''
the last thing he wanted was to break her .
it was that whole male thing that said i ' m watching you .
she hated all the doubts , but the one thing she 'd come to realize in the months after she 'd returned home was that for as much time as she 'd spent with max , for as much of herself as she 'd given him , they had n't ever discussed the future .
the last thing you 'll feel before you go to sleep is me inside you .
the first thing you 'll feel when you wake up is me inside you . ''
by the time he finished , cold was the last thing she felt .
it means that your happiness is the most important thing in my life .
the last thing she wanted was to go back to her parents ' .
you may not bear the colter last name , but that 's the only thing that sets you apart from one of my own . ''
it was one thing they all had in common .
i do n't want any trouble , and the last thing your sister needs is more turmoil .
` ` it 's one thing when we 're talking about something local .
` ` not a damn thing , '' ron defended .
she nodded , not trusting her voice not to crack , and the last thing she wanted was to demonstrate her terror .
but she was hurt and the last thing she wanted was to enrage him to the point he got violent .
would n't change a single thing about them , but my upbringing was definitely not typical . ''
kind of a cross between an ' i ' m f**ked ' and a being struck by lightning sort of thing . ''
the last thing she wanted was to be a bone of contention .
the first thing she became aware of was the silence .
when he entered the house , the first thing that registered was that it smelled absolutely amazing .
if there was one thing the colter men held true to , it was that women were to be cherished above all things .
with christmas just a few days away , the very last thing she wanted was to be stuck in a hospital room when she could be at home , surrounded by the family she so dearly loved .
but one thing he 'd realized in the time he and callie had been married was that she belonged here .
one thing he 'd quickly learned in the two years he 'd known this family was that the colters treasured their women .
the second thing he noticed was a large bruise that marred her porcelain skin .
* * * the first thing holly became aware of was delicious warmth .
` ` the whole name thing , '' she mumbled .
that is another thing i try not to think about : the break .
i ' m cold to the bone ; food is the last thing on my mind .
it 's a quick expression , there and gone , but if there 's one thing sisters recognize in each other , it 's a secret being kept .
when she made it to the group , it took everything she had to smile , but one thing she knew : it looked real .
for one thing , he 'd rolled up his shirtsleeves and kept flashing the thin , diamond - set watch on his left wrist .
the best thing about toxtel was that he was n't chatty .
the most awful thing about the whole situation was thinking that the three of yon could have walked into the middle of things . ''
trust was a commodity in short supply in their business , because there was no such thing as honor among thieves - or killers , as the case may be .
the last thing she wanted was to have to physically manhandle the boys into her mother 's suv ?
for one thing , they were heavy , three pounds at least .
the only thing that kept their aim a little high was the knowledge that a bloodbath would bring every law officer in idaho down on them when it was discovered , which could be bothersome .
` ` that 's the thing about mean and crazy people ; unless you 're mean and crazy yourself , they just do n't make sense to you . ''
the first thing he remembered was an ungodly bright flash of light , and a boom as a giant fist punched him in the head .
the thing about blood was , the shit congealed , then it dried , and it was hard as hell to get off .
for one thing , that damn expensive thermal scope was mounted on it .
the first thing he noticed was the amount of red around him : streaks of it running down the boulder in front of him , on the smaller rock he sat on , spattered on moss and fallen leaves .
instead i lifted my gaze and let him see that i wanted the same thing , too .
` ` that is n't the only thing . ''
the only thing different about the second was the date - about twenty - two years later .
` ` there 's one thing that bugs me , '' cassandra murmured thrilled to leave the memory of simon and his death behind , i jumped on the comment ` ` just one ? ''
however , when i pushed through the tall grass , the only thing i saw was an empty cage .
` ` the one thing grandpere fears is being cured .
i did n't get home until after eleven last night , and work is the last thing i want to think about now .
it was the last thing he was holding on to , reassuring himself that this was n't something he 'd do of his own free will .
the closest thing to a witch that one could easily find in las vegas was a fortune teller .
the last thing she wanted was to compete with a pet for attention .
the first thing she noticed when her vision cleared from the tears were delicate , bare feet .
his gentlemanly scruples were one thing that had died the night he had , but he had n't yet fallen out of practice .
the last thing he heard before he fell dead for the day were the screams of his maker .
the press of his thighs was n't the only thing i felt .
my transformation ability was n't the only thing that was getting better .
one thing i 'd learned as a jger - sucher , the rules applied only until someone or something changed them .
the only thing that was different were his eyes .
okay , so he was , like , king of the badasses , but she 'd dealt with badasses all her life , and if there was one thing she 'd learned , it was that when the little head lifted and took charge , the big head stopped thinking .
the only thing that stopped him was an uncertainty that she would welcome him , something that would never have occurred to him before .
the last thing she wanted was for her voice to begin recovering and sounding normal .
identity theft was a big business , and a valid driver 's license was a valuable thing to have .
another thing he did n't do was play games with himself .
that was another thing about the wide - open spaces ; they were too wide open , too many long miles of no people , no traffic , no houses , just fields as far as the eye could see .
for one thing , she left promptly at five , which suggested she had a purpose .
another strange thing was the almost physical sense of ... of peace ; that was the only word that came to mind .
the one thing he did n't want to do was frighten her again , or cause her more pain .
the problem was , there was no such thing as being safe with this man , at least not from him , and the reason for that lay as much within herself as it did with him .
` ` answering any question is one thing , but will you tell the truth ? ''
trust your instincts , that 's the first thing . ''
touching his hair and feeling his arms around me , that was one thing .
the only thing firenze needs to be perfect is you , walking her streets . ''
i tried to pretend like i did n't notice him , like the only thing i saw was my screen , but the man knew better .
the only thing he could think of was the way her eyes lit up when she looked at that paper monroe had shown her .
he blushed , which was such a strange thing to see on a hard man 's face .
what if he yearned for the same thing ?
his skin was even more tanned than david remembered , and that was n't the only thing that had changed .
but as interesting as that might have been to her atone point in her life , right now , it was the only thing keeping her from focusing on the searing cold that sank into every pore .
` ` sometimes the only way to get someone to cooperate - to give them information or help they need -is to threaten to take away the only thing that means more to a person than their honor or integrity . ''
her anger was the only thing holding her together then .
it was the only thing she could think to grasp a hold of .
with al the lights in the room on and the heat of summer outside , the fan was the only thing keeping the room comfortable .
her reaction to him had been honest - maybe the only honest thing about her .
` ` i know , but knowing does n't change a damn thing . ''
lana took his hand and grant did that just - hold - it thing that seemed to make women swoon .
her knees gave out , and caleb was the only thing holding her up .
it was the only thing about kara that was predictable .
it 's selfish , i know , but so far that 's the only thing i ' ve found that lets me ...
the first thing he saw was lana 's tearstained face .
as long as she had n't said no , there was still a chance she might say yes , and that was the thing that got him out of bed every morning .
the first thing she found was a metal rod that connected the lever on the outside of the toilet to a chain .
` ` baby , the last thing i want is a boyfriend .
pity was the last thing she wanted from grant .
i just need one more thing before i free you . ''
they were the closest thing to family he had , and the idea of letting go of that made him sick .
grant was the first thing she saw , though he was a bit fuzzy around the edges .
her head was the only thing she could move , so she slammed it against the wall .
his charcoal eyes matched his hair , adding to that whole dark and brooding thing he had going on .
the feel of her nipples rubbing against him as her tongue stroked inside his mouth was the most erotic thing .
the one thing she knew for sure now was that she had a second chance with the man who 'd never left her heart or thoughts .
the last thing cullen needs is another dead wife . ''
evelinde asked with bewilderment , not sure what one thing had to do with the other .
god , kylie was right about one thing - there is nothing that 's not worth seeing my grandmother face light up that way .
the only thing i do know is that no matter how happy i pretend i am in five days , i 'll be dying inside because i 'll have to let this go .
i have to be the worst assistant ever because the only thing i ' ve been able to focus on for the last five days was how sexually drawn i am to my boss .
that was another thing her grandfather had taught her , and taught her well .
he was vulnerable , uncertain of where he was or what had happened , and vulnerability was one thing he could n't afford .
that was another thing the shrinks agreed on : you had to act to get results .
he could still remember how it felt ; that was the hell of it , the thing that had haunted him .
if there was one thing motherhood taught a woman , it was how to hold herself together in a crisis .
no radio ( the last thing she needed was to hear a sad song ) , no runaway thoughts , no memories .
if there 's one thing i ' ve discovered in this life it 's that deep truths are uncovered alone .
it was a thing she 'd learned in the last weeks .
the only thing louder was the beating of his heart .
when they reached the yard , the first thing he noticed was the women .
the first thing she noticed was the balloons .
the last thing she saw as she left the gallery was the wall filled with her work .
if there was one thing bred into southern women , it was the ability to politely ignore unpleasantness .
there it was , after all these years , the link between them , the thing that had been handed down from mother to daughter , a talent carried in the blood .
that was the thing about sobriety .
it seemed an insubstantial thing then , not unlike hair color or gender .
they 'd fit together like pieces of a puzzle ; another thing he 'd taken for granted .
which did n't do a thing to ease the tension flooding her system .
that is one thing you can depend on . ''
the only thing keeping her in her buttery - soft leather chair was her instinctive fear of flying .
for one thing , he was n't wearing a suit .
the first thing avery noticed was the calming sound of water as she entered the spa .
four the one thing that avery had learned about guy in the month she 'd shared his apartment in new york was that every inch of his body was pure , sinful temptation ... and she was incapable of resisting any of it .
the last thing you must want is a baby - particularly as your work is going so well . ''
` ` the only thing i want is right here beside me , '' he said , pulling her to him .
but fidelity was one thing .
if there 's one thing engineering has taught me , it 's that there 's a solution to every problem .
if the only thing they had going for them was chemistry , then he intended to exploit it shamelessly to get what he wanted .
the only thing he wanted to feast on was her .
the only thing she 'd change if given the chance was to slow everything down .
the only thing he found familiar about the woman in the picture came from her resemblance to the woman standing in front of him now .
for one thing , she was trevor 's sister , and haylie was n't even sure she would end up being friends with him , regardless of his biological ties to bradley .
she might not be comfortable with the situation , or thrilled with the way he 'd maneuvered her into moving in with him , but one thing she could no longer doubt was his determination to see this through .
it was both disconcerting and flattering - and the only thing that kept her from squirming under his blazing hot gaze .
it 's the only thing .
until then the very last thing you and shea need is to be together .
and one thing she 'd quickly noticed was that he was meticulous in his care of all of his things .
the only thing holding her back was the knowledge that if she started , there would be no stopping .
the very last thing he wanted to do was scare the shit out of her .
the one thing keeping him in check right now is his utter terror that his daughter will die .
he buried his face in her hair and wept because he 'd lost the one thing in this world that mattered the most to him .
the first thing she recognized were the paper dolls .
he had kind of a tall barney rubble thing going on ...
that was another f**ked - up thing about this school - effed - up , she corrected herself .
it might even be the best thing about her .
he wanted everything she 'd just said to be the last thing he heard .
maybe that was another g*y thing about him , but he did n't think so , because eleanor would n't look like a guy even if you cut off her hair and gave her a mustache .
eleanor it was probably a good thing that park 's mom opened the door when she did because eleanor was thinking about kissing him , and no way was that a good idea - eleanor did n't know the first thing about kissing .
her mom had this thing about being the first person to go through all the smashed cereal boxes and dented cans ...
' i think so , ' he said , ' because it 's the number - one thing people use to identify me .
' i ' m telling you , ' she said , ' i think your main thing might be that you 're cute .
it was the thing he thought about when he woke up scared in the middle of the night .
there 's no such thing as handsome princes , she told herself .
i had no doubt i was the focal point of his world when he was touching me , the only thing he saw or thought of .
the only thing that held me back was that i had n't told cary yet and he needed to come first .
it was one thing having cary angry with me ; it was totally another to know i 'd hurt him .
the one thing i was n't was scared .
unfortunately for me , the last thing i remember as i go to sleep is derek 's pitiful face .
the last thing i remember is slurring my words as i asked preston about the disney movie we were watching .
the one thing i knew was that it did not work the way i 'd always been taught .
` ` you 're the one thing i want the most in the world yet the one thing i can not have .
` ` you 're the one thing i want the most in the world yet the one thing i can not have .
he 's the only thing they do remember because he was the last thing they saw while alive .
he 's the only thing they do remember because he was the last thing they saw while alive .
for one thing , there was way too much power surging through her veins .
one thing i always appreciated about this girl was her abhorrence for the color pink - unless it was paired with black .
tate was the only thing on my mind right now .
strange thing was , i felt nothing looking at her .
the last thing i wanted to do right now was look at tate or hear her voice .
she was the last thing on my mind these days , and i wished she 'd take the hint and back off .
the only thing that got me through the visits week after week without throwing up was the necklace .
the first thing i thought about was the black lingerie i 'd seen in her room , and my dick instantly sprang into action when i thought about what she 'd look like , wearing that for me .
that 's the thing about change .
` ` all right , i get the whole urge - to - bang thing , but let 's speed forward to the baby daddy 's name .
the only thing that stopped her was the certainty that men like nick did n't end up with girls like her .
the sad thing is that it is n't just the hot ones .
beth knew that the only thing worse than sitting next to her mother was sitting across from her .
was there such a thing as too thin to her anymore ?
the one thing she could remember about the doctor 's appointment now was how proud she had been of losing weight .
of all the students on the quad , these boys seemed to luce to be the closest thing to doverites .
when he put her back down , luce turned to the rest of the party , and the first thing she saw was daniel .
the last thing she wanted to think about now was fitness .
that violet light , for one thing .
his kiss was the only thing that felt right , the only thing that comforted her , and reminded her that there was a reason to go on , even when penn could n't .
his kiss was the only thing that felt right , the only thing that comforted her , and reminded her that there was a reason to go on , even when penn could n't .
that was the one thing about her past lives : the ending rarely changed .
it was a strange , new thing for luce : seeing his face look so serene on the surface , but knowing him well enough to sense something deeper underneath .
` ` see , when it comes to the nephilim kids at shoreline , the only thing the teachers are strict about is the pretense of discipline .
the last thing she wanted was to ` ` ease right in '' to shoreline .
` ` the one thing i can do is the one thing you have left . ''
chapter three sixteen days ` ` okay , hit me , what 's the weirdest thing about shoreline so far ? ''
shelby waved her hands like the last thing on earth she wanted to do was touch the beast in luce 's arms .
` ` the last thing you need right now is me distracting you .
if luce had learned one thing at shoreline , it was that no one could keep the myths straight .
her hair was dirty - not greasy , but something beyond greasy , really dirty - one thing luce price would never abide .
four hand in glove one thing about the middle ages : the stars were unbelievable .
her wings shuddered and her heart stalled and the only thing she knew was that she had to get back to the dairy farm .
` ` i thought maybe at shoreline , they might have taught you ... the thing is , actually , if a fallen angel enters a sanctuary of god , the structure and all those inside it burst into flames . ''
` ` funny thing about the patina , '' dee said , kneeling down and rooting around in the garden for something .
that dash of muted color was the only thing breaking the rhythm of the barren sepia landscape for miles .
love is the only thing worth fighting for . ''
the only thing that eased the ache was reminding myself that mom and valerie were together now .
the only thing that bothers me is jet lag .
the only thing i ' m throwing out is my self - control . ''
for one thing , he did n't have time to look for the right woman .
for one thing , it had been more than thirty - six hours since he 'd seen her .
it was the only class - maybe the only thing about college - cath was looking forward to .
cath joined in , in her best announcer 's voice : ` ` is the only thing keeping you from eating dog food the fear that your neighbors will notice all the cans - and realize that you do n't have a dog ? ''
cath had a weird thing about sharing drinks , but she decided it would be stupid to say anything .
because you have this weird thing where you get off on making people feel special . ''
( that would be another good thing about finding a magic portal .
he had this thing where he bit his bottom lip and raised an eyebrow when he was trying to decide whether to laugh at something ... .
that was one nice thing about wren going home every weekend .
` ` do you know what the most disappointing thing is about being a magician ? ''
one thing about writing this much ... her brain never really shifted out of the world of mages .
the last thing he remembered was reporting in to dispatch and then approaching the car .
just looking at him took her breath away , but watching him watch her as he made slow love to her was about the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen .
the only thing i know for sure is that i love you .
it was the one thing about his new life that did n't sit well with him .
political fallout is the very last thing on my mind right now .
the last thing she needed right now was more drama .
the pity in their eyes was always embarrassing and the last thing he wanted was anyone 's pity .
he buried his face in his hands to stop it , embarrassed to be alive and desperate not to lose the one thing he wanted more than anything in the world .
` ` one thing you have to understand about my father is he always thinks the sky is falling , but once he found out sybil was taking me he was fine . ''
the only thing that matters is that i love ... '' the beep cut her off .
for that matter , the very last thing jace wanted was to be reminded of the other men who 'd possessed bethany first .
` ` it 's the thing i hate most about volunteering here , when i have to turn women away because we have no room for them .
the most wonderful thing she 'd ever felt .
the very first thing you 're getting is a damn coat .
the very last thing she wanted was for jace to feel sorry for her .
it was n't enough but it was what he wanted - what he said he wanted - and it was the only thing she had to give .
the only thing she 'd been able to figure out he wanted was ... her .
if there was one thing she 'd learned in the past week when she and jace went out , it was that there was no shortage of female interest .
she 'd see him as soon as he stepped out , but more importantly , the very first thing he 'd see when he entered the apartment would be her .
the very last thing i want is to overwhelm you .
it was another thing he was determined to coax from her .
` ` there is n't a single goddamn thing about you that i ' m ashamed of . ''
it was the only thing she had to give him .
jace was the best thing in her life .
the only thing that was good and untarnished .
` ` the only thing i love more is when you have your mouth down ...
without her , his money , wealth , prestige , none of it meant a damn thing .
it was the only thing left he 'd wanted from her .
last thing you need is to lose your shit .
the only thing he could feel was paralyzing fear .
you 're the only thing that matters . ''
the last thing he wanted was to lash out at his sister when she was only trying to help .
one thing you should know about that group of women is that once they have made up their minds , you just have to step out of the way and hope for the best . ''
the only thing that 's wrong with me tonight is the raging hard - on that never seems to leave me since we started dating .
the only thing she could remember was the feel of declan 's hand resting on her thigh as they made their way to her apartment and then , finally , he was over the doorstep and into her apartment .
if there was one thing life had taught him , it was that with every good thing that happens , five bad ones are usually waiting around the corner to bite you in the ass .
probably the biggest thing she had felt initially other than surprise had been fear .
i do n't mean this in a bad way toward your friend , claire , but the thing i ' m having the hardest time with is having to share him with another woman . ''
the first thing that struck him when he walked into the room was how small ella looked in the bed .
the last thing she wanted was to get driven to school by her mom , who yelled goodbye and waved like a contestant on the price is right when kate got out of the car .
if there was one thing she knew , it was that her mother knew nothing about how hard life could be for a teenager .
in the day they 'd officially been friends , kate had learned one thing about tully : she was a girl who made plans .
and now she 'd lose the one thing that mattered to her : katie .
if there was one thing tully understood , it was the importance of a packed bag .
the funny thing was that while this huge crowded campus had somehow released tully 's extravagances , it had had an opposite and calming effect on kate .
that was the thing about her best friend ; it was n't that she wanted what she could n't have .
the last thing i want is another woman . ''
if there was one thing a producer 's wife knew , it was how to move through the press .
it was a direct reminder of the thing johnny and tully shared , that bond which had always excluded kate .
that was the thing about best friends .
the last thing she wanted was to make ordinary conversation with him .
if there was one thing tully had always done well , it was to ignore unpleasantness .
the first thing she noticed was the smell of cigarettes and the open window .
that was the sly , ruinous thing about motherhood , the thing that twisted your insides with guilt and made you change your mind and lower your standards : giving in was so damned easy .
that was the sly , ruinous thing about motherhood , the thing that twisted your insides with guilt and made you change your mind and lower your standards : giving in was so damned easy .
if there was one thing tully knew , it was how ruined you could be without a mother 's love .
the last thing she wanted now was to be stopped .
the last thing she wanted to think about right now was how young they were .
` ` okay , '' she said quietly , promising the only thing she had to give : herself .
` ` the only good thing about being rich and famous , '' tully said , ` ` well , there are lots of good things about it , but one of the best is that if you call nordstrom 's and say please send me every prom dress you have in sizes four through six , they do it . ''
that 's the funny thing about writing your life story .
one thing about tully : she kept her word .
lately , it 's the only thing that feels real .
the first thing he saw were the beds - unmade , rumpled , the star wars bedding in a tangled heap .
that 's the thing about your best friend .
the only good thing about it was that no one hassled her for the way she looked .
she did n't want to , but one thing she knew : it was a waste of time to ignore tully .
the first thing i find in the shadowy interior is my old scrapbook .
the first thing i see is a ratty - looking stuffed rabbit .
i can see that johnny is about to say the wrong thing - anything about her appearance is the wrong thing lately .
the first thing he noticed was the quiet .
the last thing she cared about was whether she smelled .
the one thing i did have - my career - i lost .
the only thing they did particularly well together was sex , and while that aspect of their relationship was phenomenal , valerie felt tyler drawing back .
the last thing she wanted was to lose him .
the very last thing she wanted him to think was that she was n't into this and he was n't satisfying her .
he caught himself , because by the way maren had reacted he realized he obviously did n't smile very often , and the last thing he wanted was overreaction by anyone watching him and rusty .
but if she got close enough to do that , the last thing she 'd be wanting to touch was his hair .
all he could do was make it clear with his words and his actions that nothing she said would change one damn thing about the way he felt about her .
the last thing she needed was for him to accept one of them .
she knew what it was like to ache for something she could n't have - to have the one thing she 'd wanted most stripped away from her .
she sensed movement , like she was falling , and the only thing she had to grab onto was the hard wall of his bare chest .
the way he said it , the way he looked at her as if she were the only thing that mattered , made her toes curl and her heart beat a little faster .
but there was one thing he did not possess - one power he would never have at his call : love .
seeing her smile was the only thing that truly mattered .
that 's the only thing i miss about having a man .
the thing i miss most about my mom is her hugs .
the last thing i need would be to get angry with him .
the thing about uncle jerm is you got ta love him .
` ` the thing about makeup is that less is more .
the only thing that keeps me from going insane is knowing my mom is somewhere in the clouds playing peek - a - boo with mia .
the funny thing is that nik is acting protective of me .
the funny thing was that even though my body was into it , my brain was n't .
the only thing that our places seem to have in common is that we both have a refrigerator .
the thing is ... '' and i already now she 's full of shit .
against my skin , he admits , ` ` the only thing i could think about was how that girl was somehow going to rock my world .
the last thing i need is to become more attached to nat .
the thing about burns is that the healing is just as painful as getting them in the first place .
the only thing giving her away was her clenching jaw and the way she fisted the covers .
the one thing we could count on in the fight against strigoi was their limitationssunlight , ward , stake magic , etc .
lack of impulse control was one thing we had in common .
the thing is , she 's also perfect janine hathaway , master of fighting and controlling her actions .
i also discovered that the only thing worse than imagining dimitri and tasha together was remembering when he and i had been together .
her control , and the distance that it provided her , was the only thing that had kept her sane after sandra 's death .
` ` there is one thing that 's been bugging me , '' he said , loving the way she fit into the curve of his arm .
sex would be the last thing on her mind .
that was the first thing he noticed .
is that a vermont thing ?
it was the last thing he would see at night and the first thing he would see in the morning .
it was the last thing he would see at night and the first thing he would see in the morning .
the only thing i ' ve ever cared about is her .
the last thing she heard before she drifted into the darkness was gabriel 's voice in her ear , assuring her that he would be with her until she woke up .
when julia finally awoke , the first thing she noticed was the dark strands peeking out from under the baby 's purple knit cap .
and right next to the last thing was the fact there was no doubt in her mind that chase was probably shaking his head along with everyone else .
it was the thing she never got about him .
the last thing she wanted to be dealing with during her brother 's wedding was this .
one thing chandler did n't do was relationships of any sort .
his father had left his mom behind like that - something to rot away in their million - dollar home , surrounded by jewels , furs , pool boys , and everything the woman could want except the one thing she needed - her husband 's love and fidelity .
could that seriously be the only thing holding him back after all these years ?
stirrings of unease began in her belly , a not - so - pleasant thing to feel after something so mind - blowingly wonderful .
there was a pause , a moment when the only thing moving was her pounding heart , and then he lifted the shirt up .
` ` i ' m pretty sure the last thing people will be thinking about during nuclear fallout is a medium - rare steak . ''
the funny thing about chad and chandler was how she did see them as brothers of sorts .
taking back the distance between them , he whispered for only her to hear , ` ` that 's not the only thing that 's astonishing , but you already know that . ''
maybe chad had been in the mood for something different that weekend , and the last thing she wanted to be was his experiment with buxom girls .
and honestly , he did have his dad to thank for one thing .
` ` funny thing about photos is how differently they can be perceived from one person to the next , and sometimes all it takes is a different side of the story to be pointed out . ''
the only thing that thrilled him was the fact he 'd get to see bridget again without having to seek her out .
but the even more f**ked up thing was that he still could get a piece if he wanted to .
it really was n't , and the last thing she wanted to hear was how the director fanboyed chad in private .
his satisfaction was a palpable thing and she ran from it .
the only thing she knew for certain was that her sister 's voice had carried a note of desperation and longing that would be impossible to feign .
` ` the only thing i'l like is to know that you torment st . john the same , '' he grumbled .
the only thing restraining him was the knowledge that maria 's trust could not be taken by force .
for a long moment , the young man remained motionless , the weight of his indecision a tangible thing .
it was the one thing she most wished to change about herself .
as much as grief had changed her , that was one thing that remained the same .
it was the one thing about him that she admired .
the last thing he remembered was listening to the physician 's orders to keep her cool if she turned feverish and to suction out her mouth and nose at regular intervals so that she could breathe .
they boasted more than mere physical beauty as a lure ; they looked at women with their senses , making her feel as if she were the only thing in the room worth paying attention to .
lynette knew , as only a woman could , that the only thing that mattered to him in this moment was her .
the one thing a ladies ' man could never resist , emma had learned from her father , was a woman who said no .
the last thing she wanted to be was a pest .
the last thing maryanne wanted to do was notice how virile he looked , and she forced her gaze away from him .
the last thing i need is for you to fall in love with me . ''
the first thing she noticed when she got home was an envelope taped to her door .
if there was one thing to be grateful for , it was the fact that nolan had n't shown up .
` ` for one thing , he 's impossible , '' maryanne whispered , finding it difficult to express her thoughts .
your enjoyment of this is just as important as mine , your comfort and safety are the most important thing to me .
one thing about riding a bike , you do n't want to do it in the rain .
for one thing , he introduced me to you . ''
she was gone before i could say anything , the only thing left behind the smell of her coffee .
` ` so the biggest thing for you to remember is control .
the one thing we shared in common , though , was the consumption of mass quantities of coffee .
` ` funny thing about bankers , '' he said by way of explanation .
she loved riding ; at first it had been the only thing about ranch life that she 'd enjoyed .
she could be a coward and grab for anything he offered , on the basis that the crumbs of affection that came her way would be better than nothing , or she could somehow find the courage to deny herself the very thing she wanted most .
` ` it 's some freaky acclimation thing when they get off the plane .
so , do you have a suggestion for the flu - like thing ? ''
she would always hunger for him and the physical connection that made their love a tangible thing .
` ` same thing as cross . ''
her eyes widened , her wariness a palpable thing .
` ` why , francis , that 's just the thing .
the only thing you had to offer .
garrett and his brothers indulged her because family was the one thing she 'd always lacked .
the thing was , she was dead serious .
the sad thing was she was right about a lot of people not believing her .
still , stranger things had happened , and one thing garrett had learned in his years in the military and the missions that kgi had taken over the years , was that crazy shit happened all the time and rule number one was to be prepared for anything .
the last thing she wanted was for him to make good on his threat .
he 's got that possessive caveman thing going . ''
he scowled as if the last thing he wanted to be considered was nice .
the last thing he wanted was to face plant on the runway .
i want the last thing you feel before you go to sleep is me inside you , and the first thing you know when you wake up . ''
one thing he loved about donovan was that he had a very personal sense of justice when it came to certain crimes .
the last thing i need is you nagging my ass too . ''
but you 're the most important thing to me . ''
the thing is , you have choices , sarah .
one thing he did n't do was amuse me .
well , more than one thing , but - ` ` why would sabina choose to become a snake ? ''
the only thing visible on the lass were her hands peeking from the long sleeves of the cape .
taliesan was the closest thing to a friend that she had - not for lack of trying on genevieve 's part to remain aloof and distant .
he wanted to ensure she would be prepared for him , because the last thing he wanted was to hurt her .
` ` the last thing i ' m concerned about is another mark on my face , '' she said with a sob .
this was another somewhat new thing , and it worried me again .
we have one thing in common right now .
the only thing i have going for me is a willingness to work any hours for bad pay .
but it is the one thing about her that draws me to her , and i do not want to stamp it out .
it 's the only thing keeping me from collapsing .
if there was one thing jolene understood , it was rejection .
lulu did n't talk to him all the way home , but to be honest the last thing he had to worry about these days was pissing off a four - year - old .
you are the first thing i think of every morning and the last thing i think of at night .
you are the first thing i think of every morning and the last thing i think of at night .
as usual , the first thing she noticed when she opened her eyes was her horrible , stinking excuse for a leg .
the first thing she saw were her acus , the combat fatigues , with the black beret pinned to the chest .
for one thing , she was straight where all the other women had curves .
sara had her doubts about the local vicar after that day , yet her faith in god was the only solid thing in her life .
venturing further into the house , the first thing she noticed was the sheer beauty of the place .
his nagging conscience was the only thing keeping him from pushing further , for the poor girl seemed to be melting in his grasp .
the only thing her brain could focus on was his hair brushing along the crisp white cravat .
` ` the last thing you want is to be compromised by someone you do not wish to marry , or worse , someone who does not wish to marry you . ''
it had to be disappointment , for she knew it would be impossible to have his heart , the one thing she wanted most .
the one thing that stood out amongst the chaos was nicholas 's constant presence .
` ` well , wildflowers for one thing , '' he said , kissing her cheek .
in fact , many women thought he wanted to be called beautiful , but as a man , the last thing he wanted to be labeled with was the same word he used to seduce women .
the only thing she knew how to be was herself , which was entirely inappropriate , given the circumstances .
the only thing that kept her at a normal pace was years of training on how a lady should present herself in public .
the last thing our family needs is another scandal to keep secret . ''
another thing abigail envied , for she was never invited to join in on the fun .
with emma talking about ways to change others ' outlook about his reputation and sebastian offering advice on charities , it was no surprise that by the time they reached their first stop , the only thing phillip wanted was a drink and something to shoot .
the only thing that kept phillip from saying something he would regret was the pain he continued to inflict on his own hands as he clenched them into fists , draining them of all blood .
for one thing , abigail had made it a point to drop her fan three times .
the last thing she remembered before the nightmare was fainting .
do you know the strangest thing ?
sebastian scoffed , ` ` we all know how much in love you two are , it 's the only thing people are talking about .
` ` well then , may i ask one thing ? ''
for one thing , it was common knowledge that she was slightly mad , and the other complication was that he and his aunt had n't been on speaking terms since last season when he decided he would not take her dog to almacks - to her great disappointment .
but , the last thing she wanted was to have a meaningless conversation when she was still trying to keep her eyes from tearing up .
` ` the only thing worse than being accused of lewd behavior is having it not be true . ''
` ` the only thing bigger than mrs . farthingale 's waistline is her nose .
the last thing she wanted to think about in this man 's private rooms was his bed .
the last thing i need is a husband . ''
to a child , it seemed like an eternity , but the thing i remember most is that my father was afraid as we huddled in the dark .
he was my boss , my mentor , the closest thing to a friend that i allowed myself .
it was the only thing i had left to live for .
if there 's one thing i 'd hate more than being alive , it 's being alive and furry .
` ` quit blasting them for one thing , '' jessie snapped .
another thing we had in common .
one thing you learn in my profession : listening is ok .
the only thing left behind was the scent of smoke and the whisper of his touch .
` ` not one damn thing , '' jessie interjected .
the only thing left was a pile of ashes where his body had been .
instead , the first thing that caught my eye when i walked in was the variety of tropical plants thriving around mr . thorne .
the last thing i needed was to harbor a one - sided crush on my fake husband .
i was sure the last thing he wanted was for me to actually fall for him .
when we disembarked , the heat was the first thing i noticed .
something about daniel 's ` ` ability to take action '' being the thing that set him apart from the crowd .
` ` were the investment accounts the only thing they froze ? ''
the thing about daniel is that he ... '' she considered her words for a moment .
your daniel was unlucky enough to get caught , but i promise you , that 's the only thing that makes him different from most of the others . ''
the first thing i noticed was the free - standing wall in the middle of the gallery , which curtis had already picked out for me .
how that 's the only thing that drives me .
* * * lindsey had been right about one thing - the lighting in the gallery was incredibly dim , with the room mostly illuminated by the individual light sources that were dedicated to each work on display .
other than forgoing my glasses of wine in the evening , i had n't changed a single thing .
the last thing i felt before my vision went black was his hand closing around my wrist .
the funny thing was , i knew i was far from perfect .
it was just a part of this - this indefinable thing we had together , something that had been so carefully curated and cultivated even when we did n't realize we were doing it .
but if there was one thing mad dog could find , it was a woman 's curves , and the wren was n't built too badly .
if there was one thing she understood , it was life 's painful lessons .
the first thing he noticed was the steady creak - creak - creak of the porch swing .
even though the only thing i really know about him is his name .
the thing that she does n't understand , though , is that i do n't give a shit what she thinks .
i think that was the worst thing about my parents ' deaths .
this might make me a pussy , but she 's been the first thing i ' ve thought of every morning this week when i woke up .
and she 's the last thing i think about when i go to sleep .
for one thing , there is n't a lunch rush , not during this time of year .
mila the last thing i think about before i cross the hazy threshold into sleep is that pax 's arms are so strong and warm .
the wind moves her hair across her face , but it is the only thing moving .
that was one thing about using .
the last thing i could recall seeing was his desperate blue eyes boring into my own .
his lilting voice and cool touch the only thing that seemed tangible .
his presence and voice were the only thing that kept me anchored to reality .
* * * papers rustling loudly was the first thing i heard .
lukas was the first thing i saw when the doors opened .
i was on a mission to find you , the only thing i ' ve known for two centuries .
the last thing i wanted to do was spend another 10 hours on an airplane smelling like sex .
his arms around me were the last thing i remembered until drifting off into sleep .
* * * pulling into my driveway and parking in front of my villa , the first thing i noticed were our suitcases on the sidewalk , lined up neatly in a row .
when the room started to come back into focus , the first thing i felt was the back of my head throbbing .
it was her legacy , the only thing of her father 's that she had .
she 'd been the only thing in my head while i 'd relieved some tension in the shower before i left for the party .
the only thing that kept me from blurting out the truth while she went on and on about my sucky behavior was the fact that the truth was worse .
the nervous look in her eyes was the only thing that gave away the fact that this had n't been an easy decision .
the last thing i needed was for the trailer to get a rotten floor .
he had killed three women in two weeks and kane knew one thing about serial killers , once they started accelerating they rarely slowed down .
` ` all of the women did have one thing in common .
they were all connected by one thing , they were all artists or models or musicians .
in the past ten minutes he could tell her will to get the job done was the only thing moving her exhausted arm .
the suddenopening of thedoor madeher stumble several steps backward , herhand on the doorknob the only thing that kept herupright asthewooden doorcrashedinto herhead .
if therewasone thing valoree hated , it was feeling foolish , and the obviousamusementin the man 's eyes was making her feel just that .
the last thing they needed was a fire .
an emotional man with a poetic streak and a broken heart was about the most seductive thing in the universe .
the last thing in the world clay wanted from his older brother was pity .
` ` yeah , well , the thing about building a fire is that you always have to take a few safety precautions . ''
he watched her come to full consciousness , knowing that he was the first thing she would see today .
` ` there is no such thing as being a little bit virgin , '' she said , something naughty sparking in her eyes .
ever since pete 's funeral , the woman had been the last thing he thought about when his head hit the pillow and the first thing he thought about when he awoke .
ever since pete 's funeral , the woman had been the last thing he thought about when his head hit the pillow and the first thing he thought about when he awoke .
there was n't a soft thing about him .
for one thing , you 'll cook out there at the fairground .
and the only thing that had changed was that granddaddy had passed .
` ` honey , '' she said as he was about to turn away , ` ` the only thing that matters in this life is love and kindness .
` ` well , for one thing , i fell in love with abe . ''
the last thing i need right now is a preacher bent on saving my immortal soul .
the best thing about him is that he has a good appetite .
for one thing , he hated the idea of bill and savannah being together , even though they probably deserved each other .
because the last thing i want in my barns is a snake .
the thing was , they all had alibis .
` ` you ' ve got that bond thing , right ?
talking about investigations and interrogations was one thing .
the thing about her ` ` activist friends ' is that they have so much to protest , they do n't usually get behind one thing at the same time . '
` ` well , the thing about him is that he does n't stay hidden for long .
a monster like a strigoi was one thing .
my imminent death was probably the only thing distracting her from the earth shattering experience of learning she had a potential sibling .
the thing was , tasha was n't the only warrior moroi in the room .
i wanted to kiss him again and prove who really did have greater self - control , but that damned thing called reality set in .
she felt ... well , that was the thing .
the last thing she wanted right now was to be seen by anyone .
the only thing they valued was the acquisition of wealth .
the one thing she did know was that stephan would never again look at her the way he did that night at lucida 's .
the only thing about her that he was one hundred percent certain of was that she monopolized far too much of his thoughts .
this time she was n't willing to leave so easily , and right now the fake engagement was the only thing holding them together .
he caressed each inch of her , lovingly , passionately , until the last thing she wanted was to be facing away from him .
the wonderful thing about our men is if you want it , they will help you make it happen .
the last thing jake 's ego needed was encouragement .
really , the only thing she held against him was that he inspired her to want to rip off her clothes and pounce on a man who could not have been clearer in his rejection of her .
the last thing she needed was to relax her tongue .
until quite recently he would have said there was n't a single thing he would change about his life .
you do n't tell a man that your independence is the only thing you care about one day and say the exact opposite the next day .
` ` time is the one thing we do n't have a lot of . ''
the only thing worse than ignoring a man for a six - hour flight and half of a limo ride home was periodically checking to see if your silence was bothering him and being slapped with the harsh reality that it was not .
the last thing she needed was to hear someone singing about loving and losing .
having a reputation for being tough on issues is not the same thing as being arrested for breaking into a man 's home and beating him to death .
one thing i know about moles is , they may be good at covering their tracks , but they ca n't resist spending their extra money .
` ` the last thing i need is for you starting to judge me . ''
the last thing pagan needed to hear was that i had claimed her as my girlfriend .
the sound of the ambulance was the last thing i heard before i left her there in death 's arms .
first thing i noticed other than the fact she had really big brown eyes and incredibly long eyelashes was the fact she was wearing clothes .
the only thing that kept me from walking away from her was the fact she would never make it out of here alive .
she did this amazing thing where she included me in the conversation and ignored me at the same time .
but she has this thing about christmas .
the only thing i knew for sure was that the stream was below me , probably somewhere in those trees .
and the thing about the duke and duchess convenience store is that instead of calling you ` ` sir '' or ` ` ma'am '' or ` ` you there '' or whatever , the employees of the d and d convenience store are supposed to call you either ` ` duke '' or ` ` duchess . ''
jp meant ` ` hash browns '' only as a symbol for cheerleaders - it was clear because he was , like , ` ` my favorite thing about the hash browns at the waffle house is that they wear the cutest little skirts . ''
she needed five minutes against this wall to get her second wind , because if there was one thing the rodriguez family knew how to do well , it was celebrate .
if there was one thing he believed in right at this moment , it was hope .
the only thing that existed in this moment was desire .
the one thing that made the world rotate right was the knowledge that he did n't need any of them .
and had n't anna been the next closest thing to a sister ?
the last thing she wanted was for cain to see her cry .
it was the thing that made her think for the briefest moment that maybe he was n't toying with her .
the last thing she wanted to see from the demon she was angry with was pity .
the only thing worse than having a party that no one attends is having a party attended only by two vastly , deeply uninteresting people .
if there 's one thing i know , it 's when i ' ve just stepped in another man 's piss .
` ` the one thing my lousy father taught me , '' the colonel said as his hands nimbly threaded the tie into a perfect knot , ` ` was how to tie a tie .
` ` the only thing i hate more than rich people , '' he told me as we walked to the gym , ` ` is stupid people .
` ` well , for one thing , i figured it out .
i thought of the one thing about home that i missed , my dad 's study with its built - in , floor - to - ceiling shelves sagging with thick biographies , and the black leather chair that kept me just uncomfortable enough to keep from feeling sleepy as i read .
that 's a funny thing about parents .
the nice thing about the constant threat of expulsion at culver creek is that it lends excitement to every moment of illicit pleasure .
the sun shone bright but could not combat the cold , and i sat with the colonel and sipped the coffee ( ` ` the thing about instant coffee is that it smells pretty good but tastes like stomach bile , '' the colonel said ) , and then one by one , takumi and lara and alaska woke up , and we spent the day hiding out , but loudly .
they will look to you in battle , and in some cases , your strength of will may be the only thing enabling them to go on fighting .
the only good thing about this process , grey reflected , heading back toward the small village where he was presently quartered , was that he had no more than the ninety seconds between the time his head hit the pillow and his falling asleep , in which to experience sexual frustration .
` ` for one thing , your servants are terrified .
and the only thing worse than going to ireland in jamie fraser 's company would be doing it with a bad head cold .
` ` we wouldna make it to the edge of the park , for one thing .
grey demanded in exasperation , but fraser merely shrugged and looked stubborn - or , rather , more stubborn than usual , if such a thing were possible .
the first thing he saw was not siverly 's body , but the weapon .
for one thing , it was hushed up as much as possible , and for another , it was only fought over the honor of a lady rather than the honor of the kingdom .
the only thing he wished was to get rid of it .
as if to highlight the point , the first thing to catch cole 's eye as he strode back into his father 's reception lounge was that blonde and her star quality coaxing him into her long - legged , lush - lipped orbit .
last thing guthrie needed was the man meant to protect him succumbing to the mistress 's so - called charm .
he said it was the hardest thing in the world to pack his bags and know that from that moment on his family would be forever fractured .
he 'd once told me that sleeping by my side was the only thing that kept it at bay .
i 'd looked at the text first thing this morning , chuckling to myself .
the one thing that remained constant despite his movements was his death stare , looking straight into the camera .
it was a powerful thing , pleasing him like this , being in control of his pleasure .
but food was the last thing on my mind .
the only thing that helped me pass the time was that i 'd taken one of ben 's t - shirts with me from paris .
it was late evening , and though i had n't eaten dinner , food was the last thing on my mind .
he was far too young to be retired , for one thing .
for one thing , robert occupied a great deal of her thoughts .
he was controlled and intelligent and not a cruel man , but that was n't the same thing as being gentlemanly .
he would still have preferred being in his own house ; the bed was much bigger , for one thing .
her determination had been a fearsome thing when she 'd been a child , and it had gotten worse as she 'd grown older .
the only thing that could make it better was seeing her .
the first thing he noticed was the carved mahogany desk , which directly faced the door .
the last thing she wanted was to go to a hospital .
the last thing she could remember was eating lunch and walking down to the stables , but when had that been ?
the most frightening thing was that it was so damn easy to imagine it all .
the only thing that frightened aim more was the thought that it might not happen , that he was actually using her in a setup where she could be hurt , despite all the pains he was taking to keep her safe .
for one thing , the manufacturer had brought her in on budget , unlike the overrun fiasco that had killed the a-12 in the last decade .
for one thing , violence was seldom the answer to anything .
for one thing , it would release a great deal of tension .
` ` for one thing , they all assume that you ' ve had the normal experiences of a woman your age . ''
the thing is , you give him shivers , too .
my heart still yearned for the one thing she could never really have .
perhaps the only thing .
instead , his mind had put together the smel of bitter almonds on george 's breath with the knowledge that the amber liquid had been the last thing he 'd consumed .
she could n't , and was afraid to trust that he would n't and be hurt again as she had by george , for truly that had been the worst thing about the way he 'd treated her , her sense of betrayal and hurt that the man who had claimed to love her had then treated her so cruel y .
but she feared it would be a thousand times worse if she were foolish enough to fal in love with richard , and the most depressing thing about that was she feared she was already halfway there .
it 's the only thing keeping you from being completely grey . '
how the hell he had learned to cook like an old italian grandmother was beyond her , but the whole thing was getting annoying .
yet , the lure of making her mark on the business world and in her family was the only thing she had left to give .
the only thing she 'd been unable to change was her body , so she 'd done the next best thing .
it 's the one thing i want to say is a constant .
another thing to like about him - once he trusted , he 'd be loyal to the core .
believing in something good is the only thing that can hold us together . ''
the whisper of her name was the last thing she remembered .
` ` same thing with maggie .
he grabbed onto the only thing left to control .
the only thing different between us is the sex .
the one last thing that had kept her in check all these months was her belief that she was n't his type , or that she could never hope to catch his fancy .
the only thing she knew was that the touch of his lips pierced right through her .
there was such a thing as self - preservation .
` ` i did n't bring any decorations , for one thing .
good riddance is one thing , manhattan is another .
he was big and hard and wonderful and the only thing she regretted about this was not being able to put her hands on him .
` ` so long as we 're together , '' he said , shrugging as if that was the only thing that mattered .
the unfair thing about the whole situation was that she still missed him sometimes , or rather the good parts about him .
it was smooth and long , for one thing , and as she drew nearer she realized it was n't a rock at all .
you - and you alone - have always been the only thing i wanted , and now that you are gone , i have no desire to find another .
the first thing theresa noticed upon entering was the view from the main room .
but it did - that 's the thing .
` ` the most important thing to remember , '' garrett explained , ` ` is to breathe normally .
he and catherine were married and living under the same roof , for one thing .
at night , when the glow of streetlights slanted through her room , the bottle gleamed in the darkness and was usually the last thing she saw before going to sleep .
the only thing that had saved her life so far was that no one was sure how much she knew , or whether she knew anything at all .
he was n't the most amiable man she 'd ever met , and she still did n't exactly trust him , but he was the closest thing to a friend she had here .
the only thing that stopped him was the almost childlike trust with which she slept curled on top of him .
the first thing jane noticed was the old - fashioned charm of the room .
one thing about having a country clinging to the side of the mountain was that no matter where you looked you had a postcard - worthy view .
because when he 'd kissed her , saying no had been the last thing on her mind .
food was the last thing she wanted , but if she had to swim or run for it then she 'd need whatever fuel she could get .
he had the arrogance thing down pat , and he even looked like royalty for a minute there .
the last thing she wanted her mother or her coworkers at the hospital to see was her face on cnn or entertainment tonight .
the only thing he knew for sure was that his patience for getting her nak*d was shrinking fast while other parts of him were n't .
` ` i ' m saying sex is not the most important thing . ''
another thing they had in common .
the last thing he needed was something else to like about her .
` ` that 's not the only thing . ''
before monaco , she 'd been convinced the only thing keeping her life from being perfect was the right man to share it with .
the only thing she knew for sure was that she did n't want to become a nag like her mother .
and his love was the one thing she wanted more than anything else .
the first thing she saw was a bouquet of roses on the nearest seat .
jane suspected concern over her hand - me - down slippers was n't the only thing making agnes 's brows nearly meet over her pert nose .
the joy of literacy was obviously the last thing on ian 's mind .
he liked every damn thing there was about lindy kyle .
the particulars were the last thing lindy wanted to hear .
the last thing she wanted was for them to spend their remaining hours fighting .
his behavior was n't the only thing that was getting on her nerves .
the next thing carol was aware of was a muffled curse and the unsettling sound of something heavy crashing to the floor .
the first thing she noticed was the large picture window in the living room , offering an unobstructed view of the seattle waterfront .
the one thing that astonished carol the most was that in the time since steve 's deployment she missed him dreadfully .
the only thing that seemed to lessen this terrible longing she felt for her ex - husband was constructing dreams that involved him to help ease the loneliness as she drifted off to sleep .
one thing that had always bothered steve was the fact that carol had never seemed to need him .
carol 's apparent strength was n't the only thing that troubled steve , but it was one thing he felt they needed to discuss .
for one thing , she 'd been under a good deal of stress lately .
obviously it had n't worked , and the only thing he 'd managed to develop was one hell of a hangover .
unfortunately that does n't change a thing . ''
her brow creased , as if food was the last thing on her mind .
he was jealous , and that was the last thing he wanted carol to know .
it was the only thing that kept him sane .
her pulse was n't the only thing he could feel .
` ` for one thing , it points out the fact you 're human like the rest of us .
he walked through the crowded streets , and when a merchant proudly brought out a piece of silk , the only thing he could picture was erin wearing a suit made in that precise color .
the anticipation of hearing her voice was the only thing that had gotten him through those last few weeks .
` ` the thing that impresses me most about you and brand is that it 's like the two of you have been married for years and years .
you 're looking for a challenge , because it 's the only thing you ' ve ever known .
another thing he 'd learned about her this evening .
it was the only thing they shared , that time together , and although it was entirely selfish of her , she did n't want to give it up .
catherine 's labored breathing matched his own , and the sound of it was the only thing that shattered the silence as they both burned in the wake of the sweetest tempest royce had ever known .
the only thing that made him less threatening than the others in the room was the fact he wore a sailor 's uniform .
the last thing she needed or wanted was him fussing over her .
one thing riley appreciated about church was the music .
regrets were a funny thing , riley mused darkly .
being careful of the baby , riley wrapped her in his arms and buried his face in the curve of her neck , breathing in deeply as if the scent of her were the only thing in the world that would revive him .
the last thing shana wanted was ali 's sympathy .
` ` not a thing , '' he replied in clipped tones , and ali knew he was referring to a whole lot more than his medical situation .
for one thing , sadness makes happiness that much more wonderful . ''
for one thing , you have a very compassionate face . ''
` ` you know , that 's one thing about living in hawaii- the kids decide to leave , but the friends and relatives show up regularly .
it 's probably a concentration thing , plus it gets the blood circulating in my fingers so i can manipulate the keys better . ''
that was the one thing keeping her going .
there was n't a single so - so thing about it , which meant that he had as much sexual drive as the next guy , and that was a huge relief .
quenching his killer thirst was the only good thing about this damned rainstorm that had blown in without warning , totally not part of his brilliant plan .
matt wondered if posture was another thing annabelle had decided not to hassle the kid about .
the thing to remember about these guys was that they were in need of money .
` ` their speed , for one thing .
for one thing , she was far too cool ever to be interested in an accountant .
if there was one thing joey benjamin knew how to do , it was keep people entertained .
the last thing he remembered was disconnecting his cell phone after talking to leo and then battling to stay awake .
making him happy was becoming a favorite thing of hers .
for one thing , no blizzards .
` ` in shape is one thing . ''
for one thing , none of them had necks , or even much in the way of faces .
it might be the single thing that mitch had in common with him .
` ` my gun , for one thing . ''
one thing he had n't underestimated , or at least he hoped not , was kurt jarrett 's desire to get his hands on ally 's money .
except he was remembering the main thing about mice , the thing he did n't like .
bigfoot was one thing .
flynn questioned that zoe had a single thing in common with margo but decided not to say so .
` ` i do n't get this weight thing .
for one thing , you might get shot by someone trying to make a name for himself .
to compensate she drank gallons of coffee , which was the best thing about the meal .
somebody might proposition her , for one thing .
for one thing , he had a private pilot 's license .
the thing he liked about boarding school was that he 'd never have to attend a pta meeting in the cafeteria and sit on those molded plastic chairs . ''
i may be a lot of things , but one thing i ' m definitely not is scary . ''
the second thing he remembered were the two condoms still in the pocket of his jeans .
` ` well , for one thing , they 'll get in the way during ... certain things . ''
chapter seventeen the last thing charlie wanted to hear right now was a suspicious sound .
` ` an element of danger is one thing .
for one thing , eunice seems to do the major part of the seducing when you two get together . ''
everything about you screams bedroom , especially your very sizable- '' the sound of the doorbell prevented her from mentioning the most bedroom thing about him , the part that she 'd be dreaming about tonight while she slept all alone in her round bed .
` ` i do n't see a thing wrong with my motivations .
i do n't know the first thing about disappearing into a foreign country and living off the land .
and letting her hair do that dopey dangle thing was criminal .
one thing lex was absolutely sure about - hector was no nerd .
for one thing , he could have all of cora 's fee .
for one thing , i do n't have my passport .
we can work through my lawyer , for one thing .
bj is a whole different thing .
` ` you know the amazing thing about the romans ? ''
` ` one thing about cruise ships , there 's always food around somewhere . ''
for one thing , his tie was a boring gray and blue stripe .
for one thing , i have no idea what nerds drink .
for one thing , he and his mother did n't have a faxing kind of relationship .
that was a plus , because the best thing about this particular starbucks was its location right across from dr . tredway 's office .
` ` for one thing , i 'd drop by the office from time to time , in case the guy is one of gloria 's clients .
one thing he hated about sex with louise was that she never let him be in charge .
* * * dealing with a stalker was the only thing keeping amanda from jumping will 's bones .
he had the lean thing going on , but there was n't an ounce of mean in the guy , which was all to the good in amanda 's opinion .
justin was acting with amazing self - control , and there was such a thing as being too protective .
one thing about gloria , she 's very accepting of odd behavior . ''
` ` funny thing , but helen used to say a dick like mine was wasted on a guy like me . ''
` ` for one thing , she 's not a client . ''
it was dull because he never used it , but it was the closest thing to a weapon he owned .
for one thing , she 'd have will , someone who supported her dreams .
the very last thing she wanted was to talk to caelen about her maidenly fears .
` ` not a damn thing , lass .
the only thing firmly entrenched in her memory was her husband 's furious expression .
the earl , however , looked amused , another thing that graeme did n't find pleasing .
the very last thing he wanted was for her to be afraid .
he found himself pitying her when it was the very last thing he wanted to feel .
she may not be a mighty warrior , but one thing she 'd learned after observing her mother , was that if anything could fell a warrior , it was a determined woman .
their belief in the lies they told me was the one thing i did n't think i could ever get over .
` ` so it 's more than a thing . ''
she stood there as long as they let her , perfectly still , whispering words of love and telling stories and trying to remember every single thing about mia .
the first thing jude saw was a shamrock - green sweater hanging from the antique hall tree by the door .
it was the only thing that had n't changed .
if there 's one thing you know how to do now , it 's fake a smile .
` ` the only thing that kept me going was this image of what her life would be like .
the last thing she wanted to hear right now was his moral superiority or more endless questions about what they were doing .
the first thing she saw was mia 's shamrock green button - up sweater hanging from the hall tree .
i wake up in this place and the first thing i think of is you .
the last thing she wanted was to tell him good - bye again .
they 're men , for one thing , and a little on the protective side - i do n't want them to think that paul was simply preying on a lonely woman .
i 'd like to think it 's possible , and if you want to know the truth , that conviction is the only thing i expect to help me make it through the next year without you .
i think i sensed these things about you the first time we had coffee , and if anything , the more i got to know you , the more i realized how much i 'd missed these qualities in my own life .
the first thing he noticed was the bruises around her slim neck .
sam held on to her , stroking her hair , offering her comfort even though it was the last thing he wanted to give .
` ` the last thing we need is your mouth today . ''
his hand slid over her belly and cupped their child as if bringing home the one thing they did have .
last thing she needed was sam hovering over her .
she 'd had all day to come up with a plan , but the only thing that stood out was that she had to find transportation .
` ` my mother was the closest thing to family , but even she was too cowed by my father to ever do anything to gain his disapproval .
the last thing she needed was for him to be high on adrenaline and confidence .
she 'd just flipped a gazillion times with a man holding a gun , and the only thing that registered was that her fingers ached like a son of a bitch .
the only thing she was sure of was the fluttering of excitement beneath her br**sts , of the dampness to her palms inside her lace gloves , of the burn of colour blooming in her cheeks as his eyes continued to glitter down at her .
he could n't deny that lust had been the first thing he felt for her and although it was still there , he could also see a future with her , and he knew that would scare her to death .
the thing i hate the most , though , is that even after wiping up the pavement with your body , you still look like a million bucks .
if there was one thing having money had taught him , things that usually took weeks could be accomplished in days or hours .
i want your face to be the last thing i see before i go to sleep and the first thing i see when i wake in the morning . ''
i want your face to be the last thing i see before i go to sleep and the first thing i see when i wake in the morning . ''
the one thing still stopping him from relaxing was reva .
if there was one thing she knew , wearing sexy undergarments just made you feel sexy .
suzy noticed that ella actually had beautiful skin and the only thing that had been added there was a light blusher on her cheeks and a glossy pink lipstick on her lips .
she saw that beth had also noticed the same thing and neither of them could figure out a way to save ella from the seating arrangement without embarrassing her .
one thing she loved about claire , she had a sense of humor and she always got her , no matter what .
chapter twenty two ugh , the one bad thing about living near the ocean was the bright sunlight so early in the morning .
one thing you had to love about nick , he was n't easily offended .
suzy was a gorgeous woman , but the thing he 'd always found the most eye catching about her was the way that energy just seemed to shimmer off of her .
she was right , but the last thing lydia wanted to do right now was reckon with reality , with the tension between how she should act and how she did feel .
that was the last thing lydia was thinking about as the bus rumbled past this amazing resort that seemed to have grown , organically , out of the ground into a steaming pool of beauty and luxury .
what 's the third thing you like better about being there than you do about being here ? ''
the last thing she saw , out of her rearview mirror as she drove away , was nick looking after her .
` ` we could n't afford to pay rent - that 's another thing addiction does .
the last thing he remembered was taking a drink at zoe's - his fourth , maybe .
one day at a time ; that was one thing aa definitely had right .
she needed to get over it , but raine had discovered telling herself that logically and actually being able to do it were n't the same thing .
one thing he knew to be true about himself ... he could be patient .
but the last thing their father needed at a time like this was some hayseed family practitioner .
her absence might well be the only thing keeping their father alive .
although not being able to get home must have been a nightmare for you , it might be the one thing that kept him hanging on as long as he did . ''
for one thing , i could set up an office at home .
the last thing she 'd eaten had been that banana at breakfast .
for one thing , chips does n't have an office in this part of the country .
but the thing about being a soldier is that someone 's tellin ' ye what to do , from the moment ye rise until ye fall down at night .
` ` he 's a very pretty young man , for the one thing , '' i said , taking a handful of the roots from him and beginning to spread them out on a sheet of gauze .
with one thing and another , he had no real conversation with roger mac until they 'd stopped for their noon meal .
they were the only thing that moved .
but then ... to know something was one thing , and to be told the details another .
` ` the thing is- '' i said , and stopped .
but for me to go and see her ... highland tact and delicacy were one thing .
the only thing i did know for certain was that i had an injured man before me .
the only thing i knew for sure was that the child needed to be delivered into the air - breathing world , and as soon as possible .
hiram would balk at the expense of the extra candle , for one thing .
` ` hot vinegar 's the thing .
` ` she 's marrit , for the one thing .
i want- '' his air ran out in a wheeze , annoying him ; the last thing he wanted was to sound in any way doubtful about what he was saying .
` ` it 's a thing claire says to me , now and again , '' he explained , and quoted : ` ` malt does more than milton can , to justify god 's ways to man . ''
to fight on the winning side was one thing ; to survive , quite another .
` ` i doubt he 'd have the money , for one thing . ''
deciding to live was one thing .
83 declarations charlotte , mecklenberg county may 20 , 1775 the one thing roger had not envisioned about the making of history was the sheer amount of alcohol involved .
` ` not one bloody thing . ''
the christies would be gone , for one thing .
` ` it 's the only thing that keeps me from despair . ''
` ` i can offer nothing save my word of honor - and i am not entitled to have such a thing . ''
the most striking thing about it , though , was the top .
perhaps she sensed the same thing he did , the odd air of suppressed excitement that surrounded claire like an electric field .
` ` for the one thing , he 's some reputation for ruthlessness - and other things .
for the one thing , they have n't the money to appear in fashionable circles .
` ` not a thing , '' i said , staring at the dark - red blotches on the side of his neck .
` ` she ought to have medical care , for one thing .
` ` a maidenhead , for one thing .
for one thing , his presence kept the ladies from asking me - as some bold souls did every so often , at parties - whether it was true about what scotsmen wore beneath their kilts .
for one thing , i knew what it would be ; the frasers as a family were renowned for stubbornness , and despite his mother 's having been a mackenzie , jamie was a fraser through and through .
the oddest thing about all this was that i was not at all astonished .
however , i had concluded that while honesty between husband and wife was essential , there was such a thing as carrying it too bloody far .
it was clean , for one thing , with polish gleaming on every horizontal surface .
if hayes was still sober enough to see anything , the last thing he saw on earth would be the face of a friend .
the gown was two years out of fashion by the cosmopolitan standards of jamaica but it was clean , which was the main thing so far as i was concerned .
` ` i wonder why he made it , for the one thing . ''
the only thing more terrifying was the thought of losing brianna before he had ever truly had her .
it was raining , for one thing .
one more thing that we have in common . ''
water was the only thing she had .
lizzie nodded , wordless , and blushed deeper , if such a thing were possible .
he has black hair , and green eyes - bright green ; it 's one of the first things you notice about him , is n't it , mama ? ''
funny thing is , it 's stayed with me .
you 're the most important thing in the world to me .
the same thing as ` ` once upon a time , '' you know .
for one thing , i had no writing paper , and was not willing to take the risk of visiting colum 's quarters in search of any .
he keeps his eyes fixed on randall while they help him off the platform , leavin ' bloody footprints - it 's like watchin ' randall is the only thing keeping him on his feet .
what with one thing and another , it was some time since a man had looked at me that way , and i nodded quite graciously back .
` ` well , i would ha ' missed talking to ye , for one thing , '' he said , smiling .
` ` being half mackenzie is one thing , '' he explained .
there was nearly fifteen years ' difference in their ages , for one thing , which likely accounted for some of the difference between frank 's urbane reserve and jamie 's frank openness .
` ` for one thing , it 's ... more gentle . ''
i gritted my teeth and held tight to my fury ; it was the only thing i had to combat my fear .
he 's a good bit brighter than he seems , for the one thing ; he knows how that voice makes him seem , and i think he uses it to make himself look a bit of a fool , while all the time the mind is there , workin ' behind his eyes . ''
there 's cockleburs in it , for one thing . ''
all i had were the pearls jamie gave me for our wedding , and those- '' under the circumstances of our departure from leoch , pearls had been the last thing on my mind .
one thing about murtagh ; no matter what incongruous thing i said , he could be counted on to behave as though i had n't spoken .
i was sure my guide - or someone - would return ; i had n't paid him , for one thing .
one thing to be said for life in the highlands was that it apparently gave one a certain fatalistic attitude .
he was bargaining for my life using the only thing he had left - himself .
he turned to me , and gave me the closest thing i had ever seen to a smile on his dour countenance .
` ` for one thing , it wo n't go round my wrist , even scrawny as i am . ''
` ` just the thing , '' i assured him , reaching for a cup .
they changed size from hour to hour , for the one thing , swelling from their normal soft globes into great round hard bubbles that gave him the eerie feeling that if he touched one it would burst .
` ` for one thing , he 'll no learn , and i dinna give him the chance .
the odd thing was that it was not strange in the slightest .
` ` to see men hacked to death on a battlefield is one thing , '' he 'd said earlier in the evening , still arguing with me .
my face must have changed as i looked at him , for i saw his brows raise and his gaze run from my bound hair to my shod feet , as he quite obviously noticed the same thing about me .
a nice thing about doing this portrait for mrs . sherston - since i ' m earning money , i feel like i can use a little paper .
the only thing i recall in that regard is the black man o ' the west . ''
the last thing roger saw before the man fastened the cloth round his eyes was fanny beardsley , hair in a number of small greasy plaits round her shoulders , her eyes still on him , burning like embers .
pressed against him , speechless , she had time to notice things : the arch of his collarbone against her face , the smell of clothes gone so long worn , so long unwashed that they did n't smell even of sweat any longer , but of the wood he walked through and the earth he slept upon , and mostly of the bitter smoke he breathed .
aye , that 'll be the thing .
the frustrating thing about it was that glaucoma by itself had absolutely no predictable symptoms - save eventual blindness .
the thing is , like all your other traits , it 's determined genetically , and - human beings being heterosexual , generally speaking - you have one half your genes for any trait from one parent , the other half from the other . ''
and the last thing he wanted was to find himself facing stephen bonnet with a useless gun .
the last thing we needed was for him to lose himself .
co - owners of hard luck lodge , built on the site of the original lodge ( because of the baby ) ben hamilton : owner of hard luck cafe bethany 's natural father mitch harris : public safety officer ( equivalent of sheriff or police ) ; married to bethany ( ross ) harris ; father of chrissie ( daddy 's little helper ) charles o'halloran : oldest brother ; geologist and silent partner in midnight sons ; married to lanni ( caldwell ) o'halloran , editor of the local paper ( the marriage risk ) christian o'halloran : youngest brother , pilot ; married to mariah ( douglas ) o'halloran , who runs the midnight sons office ( falling for him ) sawyer o'halloran : middle brother , pilot ; married to abbey ( sutherland ) o'halloran , a librarian ; stepfather of scott and susan ( brides for brothers ) duke porter : bush pilot employed by midnight sons ; married to tracy ( santiago ) porter ( ending in marriage ) chapter one the first thing chrissie harris intended to do when she saw scott o'halloran was slap his face - hard .
the last thing he wanted at the moment was a meal he did n't recognize .
that was another thing melanie liked about elk springs - the fact that children could still safely accept candy from people they did n't know .
` ` love is n't the only thing that matters , you know ! ''
` ` i suppose it would have been loud , for one thing .
` ` white gym shoes , for one thing .
but his lack of control over her living quarters was n't the only thing that had him pacing the floor of his office .
maybe that was another thing about melanie that attracted him .
astrid smiled , which was a beautiful thing to see when paired with her sparkling eyes .
that was another thing adam liked about her .
that 's the first thing i noticed about you .
well , that would suck , because that 's the only thing that keeps me going some days , knowing there 's a light at the end of the tunnel . ''
` ` the only thing i need is to be with you . ''
the only thing that mattered was aidan , who laced his fingers with hers and pulled her arms over her head .
that bit of knowledge was the only thing that kept her from hating herself completely .
the whole dangerous - bad boy - i'm- gon na -tame - him thing . ''
when i 'd fallen asleep the white walls of the hospital room i 'd spent the last few months in were the last thing i remembered seeing .
the last thing i need is for one of them to start dating a girl in breeze . ''
last thing i need is a belly while trying on dresses . ''
jasper 's attire was the only thing polished about him .
` ` the only thing distinguishing me is my fortune .
lynd was the closest thing to a father he 'd ever had .
for all of his life , the one thing he 'd needed was justice for his mother .
who says there 's no such thing as love at first sight ? ''
my surroundings vanished ; the only thing i could focus on was the breathtaking heat against my mouth .
it 's a constant thing . ''
god knows the last thing i want is for you to be angry with me , but you ' ve got to let me handle this . ''
` ` to barter for the only thing jack would be wil ing to hand this over for : your life . ''
the only thing that bothered me was that ryan 's touch did n't bother me .
` ` when i ' m with you , nina ... you 're the only thing that gives me peace .
he stil had n't quite fil ed out -the only thing that gave him away .
` ` the only thing missing is you . ''
that was one thing that his experiences had n't taken away from him .
the railing was the only thing keeping me erect while i struggled to catch my breath .
the only thing that is constant is the fact that everything keeps changing . ''
the only thing that seemed foreign was the sun and palm trees .
recal ing every memory of every place i 'd spent with jared was the only thing that kept me sane at that point .
arizona today is an inferno of heat , and on the trail outside our hotel , i pull on my cap and quietly stretch my quads , trying to concentrate on the second thing i love most in the world after remington : running .
i can feel it , a roaming , curious , palpable thing on my face as i apply the salve to the part of his lips that always gets cut - the fleshy part of his bottom lip .
all those pheromones he puts out after fighting suddenly wage a war on my senses , and i start feeling so hot , the only thing keeping me from turning to ashes is the water pounding on my skin .
snapping my head back , i see remy turn back to his bag , take position , lift his gloves , and slam so viciously hard that 's it 's the only thing i can hear in the gym .
i watch remy wait for him to get back up , and i ' m sure that all the females in the stadium are screaming and ogling the same thing i am .
nine a rainbow in seattle melanie is the best thing about seattle , and anyone who thinks otherwise can just kiss her ass .
the thing about fighting is you never know when to stop .
points - wise , i ' m on top , as usual , but i ca n't allow myself to miss more than a couple of fights , even when the last thing i want to do is fight right now .
i ' ve tried all my life not to let it define me , even when for years that was the only thing i was .
the thing about scorpion is he 's not me .
from a man who fights like crazy , arouses me like no other , is the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
there was her ailing mother for one thing .
for one thing , it means i can prey on helpless little women such as yourself . ''
i knew from my mom 's many marriages to powerful men that getting their time was the most important thing of all , because for them , it was truly the most valuable thing in their lives .
` ` the only thing missing is a mojito .
* * * the thing about nightmares was that you could n't prepare for them .
the truth hung heavy in the air between us , a near - tangible thing .
` ` i think surviving it in the first place , even more so than mastering my blindness , was the thing that convinced him to let me live . ''
` ` that 's one thing that has n't changed in a hundred years . ''
for one long moment the only thing that existed was her , and then reality returned .
i know it will be tough , the last thing i want is to see my daughter unhappy , but she 'll be hurt no matter what .
` ` but to him , you are the only thing that matters .
the only thing he truly craved was her , and it was the one thing she could n't give to him .
the only thing he truly craved was her , and it was the one thing she could n't give to him .
the last thing she wanted was to fight with him , but she simply could n't sit here for the next couple of weeks , being torn apart by her decision and feeling useless .
the last thing she saw was the arrow william shot at caleb before darkness finally claimed her .
the first thing he noticed was the odor - the room smelled like wet gym socks .
` ` that 's another thing you and i have in common . ''
the only thing he remembered about his date with sali was what happened afterwards with savannah .
missed his scent , his warmth and just having someone else to share little things with .
all the color drained from her face and cole 's hands on her waist were the only thing keeping her on her feet .
she 'd made plenty of mistakes , but there was n't a single , solitary thing she 'd change about her current life .
the first thing carol noticed when she pulled into the school parking lot was a van with preston construction printed in large black letters on the side .
the last thing we need is pressure from them . ''
for one thing , your cooking could use some help .
only ` ` sensible '' was the last thing carol felt .
` ` the tip of my pinky finger is one thing .
she might not have known it , but the way he kissed her , held her , spoke to her ... he was the thing that had always been missing , the element she had been searching for in all those other men , those other boys .
and at the moment there 's only one thing i want . ''
the last thing melody was aware of , as she drifted off in a hazy state on the edge of exhaustion , was inhaling logan 's scent , a combination of spicy and earthy , deeply masculine , vaguely scented with whisky , and the distinctive odor of sex , all mingled into a heady mixture that somehow soothed her into a deep sleep .
melody still really was n't sure of patrick 's reasons , and right now , he was the last thing she wanted to talk about .
we should put this behind us ; for one thing , it 's not going to do any good for your case if anyone knows what happened . ''
it 's beneath you , for one thing .
` ` i have work to do , for one thing .
he was a local handyman , and if she were to describe him , the first thing that readily came to mind was prickly .
again , her voice did that wobbling thing as if she were on the verge of having an emotional breakdown .
` ` well , for one thing , she knows hank hampton over at animal control personally .
the last thing on earth she wanted was to fall asleep and miss any moment of this .
christ , the only thing hurting him was that this particular shiny - wrapped present did n't have his name on it .
it was the cutest damn thing .
the last thing she wanted was to lose him in the dark .
her fingers ' desperate hold on the bar was the only thing that kept her standing .
` ` i want to sink my f**king teeth into it , for one thing . ''
` ` the very thing i ' ve found right here . ''
with his arms around her , she had the only thing she needed .
it was one more thing that added to her suspicion .
and letting go was the very thing he represented in her life .
if there was one thing that could be said about gianna ross , she was to the point .
given the funk she was in , the last thing she needed was to start thinking about him .
she always said i was the only thing that pulled her through after the accident .
the memory of how soft , tight and perfect her p**sy had felt wrapped around him was the only thing that gave him strength .
the thing about nana is she 's more full of life than anyone i ' ve ever known .
at that moment , the way her hazel eyes drank him in , he did n't want to change one damn thing about her .
she did n't like it , but the last thing she wanted to get caught up in was drama in an unfamiliar family .
it was the first thing you mentioned when i asked why you were with someone like that for so long . ''
the worst thing was the tiny , smug grin of triumph curving her black - lined lips .
i know the main thing holding you up right now is fear , but it 's not fear of what might happen but that you think you might not be perfect .
now that ian could see her face in its entirety , he knew the only thing marring that gorgeous skin was the dark circles under her big eyes .
it was going to be the most beautiful thing about her skin , in no way a flaw .
not that she 'd seen a single thing about him that was n't sexy .
she looked past macy to ian , who lounged over by his station , not a single thing about his demeanor giving her an indication he suffered any emotional turmoil himself .
for one thing , he did n't think he 'd ever heard brian ross apologize to anyone before .
` ` one thing about gabriella , '' brian said , and ian thought it was the first time he 'd ever heard him say her full name .
the only thing she could really consider elegant about him came through in his art .
it was the strangest thing , but the thought of carrying his baby made her feel gooey inside .
the first thing she saw as she pulled up in front of the town house was a for sale sign .
he seemed so on edge , and the last thing she wanted was to start things by pissing him off .
not that he ever , even once , considered her any such thing .
the next thing she became aware of was warm lubricant circling her anal opening and then his hands smoothing over her cheeks .
the only thing she regretted was that their relationship was secret .
that was another thing that had changed with gabe .
it was a thing that shamed gabe now , where before he 'd lived by it , would never enter a relationship without one .
honesty would have meant saying that the first thing he 'd noticed about jamie were her incredible green eyes , which were so expressive .
she 'd never forget a single thing about tonight , not even the embarrassing parts - especially not the embarrassing parts .
meg 's face was the first thing joe saw when he entered his family 's restaurant monday night .
absolutely the only thing mildly wicked about her was her sense of humor .
the last thing he needed was to feel like he was a wicked man himself . ''
the best thing about the apartment to her way of thinking was the building manager , who lived on the bottom floor .
that was the one thing rome could never forgive her for : not being diane .
you see , rome spent two nights in my apartment , and he was the closest thing to a bas - ket case i ' ve ever seen . ''
he 's still a barbarian , of course , but he 's bloody smart , and stupidity is really the only thing i ca n't abide .
relaxing tub baths were a thing of the past , and showers were the order of the day .
the thing about having a new album out was that any publicity was good publicity and you had to get it where you could .
for one thing , kate had zero sense of direction and always seemed to be getting lost in the massive grounds around the arena being set up for the show coming up later .
` ` for one thing , i ' m not a dictator .
besides , the last thing kate wanted was for her picture to be splashed all over the tabloids , the headline screaming out to the public that she was nothing more than gage 's latest conquest .
the last thing she wanted was to be his plaything , to be tossed aside once the tour was over and he could get back to his extravagant lifestyle where women were as plenty as the fish in the sea .
kate lost all sense of time and place , the only thing in her focus the intense arousal building in her body , the point of contact with gage , his body against hers , thrusting into her over and over .
in that moment , he could see as clear as day that the only thing she really wanted was him .
the only thing about him that set billie on edge was his eyes .
the whole not aging thing would be kind of hard for them not to notice .
i would n't have to worry about growing old and dying while royce stays young , but there is one thing that is holding me back - my family .
i know you and finn have the whole twin thing going on . ''
she was exhausted to her core and the last thing she needed was him hovering over her , criticizing her every move .
the last thing he needed right now was that .
the last thing i want is to make you sad .
he towered over her , his strength a tangible thing in the small space of the chamber .
the last thing i ever want to do is cause you pain . ''
' t is the last thing i have need of .
and that was the only thing about him that looked soft .
the only thing that stood out among all the fuzziness was her certainty that drake would live .
all she knew was that the world went away and the only thing that remained was logan 's beautiful face .
it was the only thing that kept the theronai going despite the pain , despite the constant battles and bloodshed .
it was the only thing about her the luceria had chosen to show him .
the last thing the sentinels needed was extra attention .
the only thing keeping paul from planning to do that very same thing was helen .
the only thing that held him back was the sure knowledge that if he did that , he would n't like the results come morning .
if there was one thing he knew how to do , it was ignore pain .
the only thing strong enough to defeat the synestryn is love and i had to know that helen had that kind of power inside her . ''
the only thing holding him back was her safety , as well as sammy 's .
` ` this ... thing we 're feeling . ''
the only recognizable thing about her body was the ringshaped birthmark on her left shoulder - the same one that graced andra 's calf .
a giant well of grief was building inside her , and the only thing keeping it from spilling over was hope - the hope that he was wrong .
the last thing paul saw of her was her little arm reaching out toward her sisters for help .
and now , to survive , he needed a partner - the only thing he 'd ever wanted for himself .
paul had heard them whispering about his stamina and prowess in bed , and the last thing paul wanted was for morgan to be the first thing andra saw when she woke up .
his pride had been the first thing to go .
hope was a powerful thing , but it was in damn short supply right now .
it had been way too long since she 'd been with a man , and this thing zach did to her was reminding her just how much she 'd been missing .
seeing her mouth move over the fork was the sexiest thing ever .
` ` your safety was the first thing on her mind after being unconscious for more than a week .
her touch was the only thing that could cool his blood .
the solid mass of his body seemed to be the only real thing she could find right now and she held on to him like a lifeline .
the first thing that hit her was the smell of freshly baked bread .
standing over the bloody patch of grass that had been the only thing left of her son , she knew she could never again watch another child die .
the second thing he saw was the sick look of fear coating cain 's rough features .
during that time , there was one constant , one thing she knew was real and solid .
nika 's gentle presence whispering inside her was the only thing tori had to live for .
the only thing that scared him more than death was maura 's wrath .
the only thing he really wanted he could n't have .
after so many centuries of experiencing nearly everything life had to offer , the only thing tynan truly wanted was a child of his own .
the only thing he knew for sure was that madoc needed to live .
he wanted her to be the last thing he felt before he died .
it might be the last thing he ever gave her .
the last thing he felt right now was gentle , and if she bothered to reach out for him through their link , she 'd know it .
the only thing you ' ve taken from me is your touch .
desperate , she resorted back to the one thing that had worked to drive the sgath away : cold .
everything was so wrong and confusing right now , and the only good thing she could find was him .
he had no idea what the words meant or who could have written them , but there was one thing he did know .
but there was one thing she knew for a fact : people who would willingly sacrifice themselves for another were rare in this world .
the only thing that dulled it was the thought of her parents lying crushed under all that stone .
sister olive was the closest thing to a mother hope had .
that 's the thing with amnesia .
and the paltry battle sure as hell had n't done a thing to ease the pain swelling in his chest more with every day that passed .
the first thing he saw was the faint glow of the man 's body heat .
the only thing that mattered was obedience .
the only thing that mattered was that he 'd felt like a father .
the first thing she saw was logan sprinting toward her .
he wanted the master 's face to be the last thing he saw before he died .
but the only emotion he seemed to have left was rage - the only thing that had survived the death of his soul .
that kind of love is rare , and it 's the only thing keeping her alive now . ''
the last thing she wanted was for him to get all defensive and fight her every step of the way .
and now that he had , he had to deny himself one more thing .
the only thing he had left was his honor , and an honorable man would never kill his brother or a defenseless woman .
once again , cain was the only thing she saw .
she was much stronger than seemed possible , and that shock was the only thing that kept cain from fighting his way back to where he was touching rory 's skin .
that was cute and all , but that was the one nice thing about her curse : she could see him coming .
this crazy vision steroid thing he did to her would fade .
` ` that 's the only thing that keeps me sane , i think .
cain had said not to be afraid , and that was the only thing that kept her from freaking out .
visions were the last thing on her mind right now .
the only thing that stopped it all was his touch , and she really doubted that whoever he 'd send to take his place as her guardian would have the same soothing effect .
the one thing she did know was that it was close to busting out of the cage ronan had formed , and if that happened , there would n't be a thing she could do to stop it from hijacking her body .
what if whatever this thing between us is goes away ?
perhaps a tinge of pity , which was the last damned thing he wanted her to feel for him .
his hunger for her was not the only thing unrestrained about him .
the only thing tempering jess 's contentment was the fear that such happiness could n't last and that she was incapable of holding a man like alistair caulfield 's attention for long .
she was only seven , for one thing , and completely unruly .
for one thing , more often than not she was the one who was left exhausted .
her riding ability was the only thing about her that grandmother ever praised .
she realized that ten years had wrought a lot of changes , in both of them , but one thing had remained constant , and that was her love for him .
it would take a great deal of ego to think she meant anything to him at all , and ego was on- , thing roanna did n't have .
it was a picayune problem , but status was a subtle thing .
habit was a powerful thing ; you got so used to something that you expected it to be there even when it was n't .
that was another thing the sorority sisters had taught her , how to appreciate certain things about her own appearance .
the very first thing she needed was to go back to denver and take care of a few things there and then take the time to heal .
giving her space and time and all that other bullshit is great on paper , but you and i both know that the very last thing she needs is to be alone .
at times it was the only thing that kept her going .
i promised him i 'd get you to fort campbell tomorrow morning first thing but that tonight i was going to get you to relax and enjoy a good meal . ''
her leg was the last thing she was thinking of .
the last thing he wanted was to piss p.j .
the last thing he wanted was to f**k things up between him and p.j .
felt embarrassed at just blurting it out like that , but the last thing she wanted was for shea to take on her pain .
the last thing you need is to be running all over vienna . ''
the very last thing he wanted was to go into some shit hole unarmed .
for one thing they were on a very private beach in bora - bora .
part of his job was reading people , and as focused on her as his instincts were , there was n't a damn thing about her he did n't register .
the only thing that mattered was jack and what he was doing to her .
` ` if you 're a death sentence , that meal on the table is n't the last thing i want to eat . ''
as if she was the most precious thing in the world , as if her pleasure was the only thing that mattered .
for one thing , you wo n't look me in the eye .
` ` discomfort is n't the same thing as pain . ''
for one thing , i was discovering that a lot of being a guardian was waiting around .
using her powers in front of others was a strange thing for her .
the most amazing thing , though , was how calmly lissa managed to deliver the story .
loud outbursts were my thing , not hers .
the only thing enabling her to walk toward her father 's office was that warmth spreading inside of her .
the only thing he loved in his life was you , lily . ''
it was the only thing that saved her .
it was the only thing that saved him .
for one thing , they can not maintain a corporeal form in our dimension for long , any more than other non - demon creatures can in a dimension not their own .
is fear of demons the most useful thing she excises from jace at that moment ?
the most insidious thing about the sebastian - controlled jace was how much like jace he remained .
after all , the only thing more dangerous than a willingness to ignore the law is an ability to change it .
the only thing simon wants and needs in his first moments as a vampire is blood .
not one thing - the thing .
the only thing that 's more obvious than kevin 's pining in the first half of st . elmo 's fire is leslie 's lack of passion for him when they are finally together in the second half .
familiarity breeds odd couples the unique thing about the mortal instruments is not just that the story honors these friendships but that the characters do too .
and if there 's one thing jace and simon both seem to understand about each other from the word go , it 's how the other feels about clary .
because one thing about the japanese : when they get into fandom of any kind , they go all the way .
there must be , because one thing i ' ve taken away from the mortal instruments series is that not only does cassandra clare have the awesome rune , but it must be embedded in the spines of all the books , which are impossibly great and captivating stories .
now there 's only one thing left in my quest for cool ... floor - length fringed leather vest .
holly : the thing that fascinates me about magnus is that he appears to be the most human seeming of the downworlders we meet , because he 's so friendly and up on popular culture .
the thing i find interesting about faeries in general is that they were never human and that they are essentially other .
the one thing i did know , despite what the witch had just said , was she knew della 's name .
your phone calls and the fact i know she 's in nice hotels and eating good food is the only f**king thing keeping me sane . ''
you were the only thing on my mind . ''
i knew that was the only thing that could get him to pace like a madman .
that was the only thing i was thankful for at the moment .
` ` not a damn thing since she bugged out .
she 'd clung to the only thing she 'd known .
the last thing she wanted was for him to feel guilty .
the very last thing she wanted was to make the girl uncomfortable or draw attention to her .
but the only thing she could put her finger on was ... relief .
she would n't change a single thing about them .
the last thing frank kelly needed was more stress .
there 's not one nice thing about me these days .
but honestly , the only thing on my mind this past hour has been those heated kisses .
the last thing i want to be is her brother .
the last thing i want him to feel around me is like he ca n't breathe .
but she 's sexy as hell and perfect , and there is n't a thing about her i want to change .
believe me , the last thing you want is someone who strays . ''
` ` now that i ' ve rendered you speechless '' - he rasps his knuckles over his desk - ` ` i ' ve one other thing to show you . ''
hurting for myself was one thing .
you 're the most important thing in my life .
that sound was the first thing that had made me smile in ... well , in a while .
that was one thing of many .
that had n't been as good as when cage gave them to me , but it was the closest thing i 'd had in a long time .
simple things , but they would make life much easier ; she would be able to use public rest rooms without attracting notice , for one thing .
the best thing about a large city , she thought as she walked toward the ei station , was theintracity transportation system .
the people who operated in the underground economy were n't about to answer any questions truthfully , for one thing , and for another , grace had proven herself capable of quite a few disguises .
for one thing , the foundation had n't had anything to guard .
but if there was one thing a second son had to learn in life , it was patience .
but that 's not the only thing worrying me . ''
alex should n't have found a single thing to be turned on about , except that her feet were bare , and the polish on her sexy toes gleamed in the overhead light .
and ... i finally understand that loving each other is the only thing that really matters . ''
but one thing he knew : he would do everything within his power to protect his daughter .
one thing lorraine did pick up from the exchange was the man 's name .
the last thing jack needed now was for her to panic .
the first thing she noticed was that the guard was still gone .
leaving was the last thing on his mind .
the last thing jack remembered was the convincing knowledge that he was about to die and take carlos with him .
for one thing , the style of her hair .
she supposed she should n't have been surprised - they 'd been dating almost four years ( a year less than her cousin , she was tempted to point out ) , and if she 'd learned one thing about him , it was that if kevin found a topic uncomfortable , then more than likely he would n't say anything at all .
i 'd be willing to bet it was the first thing you noticed .
that 's the thing about being the product of happily married parents .
less than a minute later , the door opened and the first thing gabby noticed was the white smock ; an instant later , the name embroidered in blue letters .
` ` well , for one thing , he 's been neutered . ''
one thing he 'd learned was that bad neighbors could make a person miserable .
` ` the last thing i need in my life is a crazy neighbor .
` ` for one thing , i have red hair .
` ` tell me - what 's the best thing about being a vet ? ''
as he lay on the surfboard , watching the swells approach , he realized that the same thing that made women initially attractive to him - their need to be taken care of - was the very thing that eventually signaled the end of the relationship .
as he lay on the surfboard , watching the swells approach , he realized that the same thing that made women initially attractive to him - their need to be taken care of - was the very thing that eventually signaled the end of the relationship .
` ` there 's no such thing as being friends .
but what if ... and that was the thing .
the last thing he remembered before he lost consciousness was the sickening sound of shattering glass and twisting metal .
looks are n't the only thing that matter . ''
if there 's one thing i ' ve come to know about you , it 's that you 're not even capable of something like that .
instead , in the kitchen , the only thing she noticed was the machine .
another thing she could n't stand about officer gandy was the fact that he kept information from her about the cases they worked on .
the only thing unusual about the night was that it seemed too quiet .
but it had been quiet , that was the thing .
low profile was one thing , invisible was another , and richard franklin could be found relatively easily by anyone willing to look for him , including the police .
` ` he 's not going to press charges , for one thing , and that says something , right ?
most of the time he regarded moore as an idiot , but he was still just about the closest thing to a friend that clayton had in the department , and he had to admit that moore had a way of telling those crotch - biting stories that made clayton double over in laughter .
the guy was too old to be a college student * for one thing ; he had to be late twenties , at least .
and in war , unlucky is the last thing you want to be . ''
clay - ton was already regarded as the black sheep of the family , and the last thing he needed was another reason for gramps to come down on him .
gramps had this weird thing about lineage , and since ben had been named after gramps - a pretty slick idea , if he did say so himself - gramps adored him .
she was way too pushy , for one thing , and she had a tendency to argue when he made a decision she did n't like .
right after the divorce , the last thing he 'd wanted to do was think about her , and for a long while , he had n't .
besides , she was a good person , and the last thing she deserved was for some guy to break her heart .
but with logan ... well , that was the thing .
if she 'd learned one thing about men , it was that they liked to talk about themselves : their jobs , their hobbies , past accomplishments , their motivations .
the only thing he knew for sure was that he 'd been looking forward to their evening together .
` ` by then , victor had realized what was happening , and i can still remember his expression - it was this horrible mixture of fear and surprise - the exact same thing i 'd seen on faces of my friends in iraq right before they died . ''
the only thing that kept me from going completely crazy was zeus . ''
the only thing that marred her perfect happiness was the sense she had that something was bothering him .
then again , she thought , the last thing she wanted was to talk the anger out of her system .
he knew he was overdoing it , but it was the only thing that kept him from dwelling on the latest run - in with thigh - bolt .
believe me , the last thing i want is for you to be unhappy .
eventually he wrote one final letter and forced himself to accept the fact that the summer they 'd spent with one another was the only thing they 'd ever share .
it was a terrible thing for a girl to learn , that status is more important than feelings . ''
she did n't want to ruin that for him , especially since this would probably be a regular routine and the last thing she wanted was for him to expect a truck ride back every time they came to town .
` ` well , for one thing , i had n't even heard about it . ''
one thing i ' ve learned is that when things go wrong , they go wrong in a hurry . ''
the last thing he felt was his body hitting the earth with a thud , a scream of despair dying on his lips .
loving someone and having them love you back is the most precious thing in the world .
the only thing left was the white picket fence , and that was going up next week .
for one thing , jane and i live in the same house , and after three decades together , it 's not as though we had to start over .
` ` it was quiet , for one thing .
between work and family , time was the one thing that i had n't had enough of in what seemed like ages .
she was thirty years old , working full - time , and alone ; the last thing she needed was any additional ( as opposed to the regular and allowable ) stress from the three of us .
if there was one thing wrong with visiting my cousins - and it pains me to admit it , since they 're family - it 's that they were whiners .
another interesting thing about easter island is the time zone in which it is located .
for micah , that was just about the closest thing to a steady girlfriend he 'd had in years .
the only thing i remember about the next two months was a sometimes nagging , sometimes overwhelming , sense of worry about our son .
i think about this when i wake up , i think about this all day long , and it 's the last thing i think about before i go to sleep .
by then , hope was becoming the only thing we could cling to .
because my sister still had hope - and because hope was the only thing keeping her strong - i had to hide my reasons for coming .
i have a pretty good intuition about people , but reading minds was more my mom 's thing .
if there was one decent thing about the room , though , it did have a nice covered porch out back , one that overlooked the river .
` ` because it 's not new york city , for one thing . ''
the house , however , was n't the first thing jeremy noticed .
` ` i know you may not believe it , but the last thing i want to do is hurt you or do anything that would make you regret that we ' ve met . ''
for one thing , jeremy had n't loved a woman in years , and though it had been a long time , he could still remember how he 'd felt back then .
alvin would n't be here until the evening , and the last thing he wanted was to wander around town , where he might be corralled by mayor gherkin .
she 's told me that when she 's off and about , the last thing she wants is for someone to find her . ''
the thing about lexie is that you can never predict anything about her .
if there was one thing he was good at , it was finding people .
that was the thing about premonitions ; while they might be accurate in the short term , anything beyond that was impossible to know .
if she 'd learned one thing about lexie , it was that lexie was a survivor .
but i did meet her ; that 's the thing that makes my current life so strange .
having an adult , especially your dad , treat you like an equal is a heady thing for any young child , and i basked in the attention , absorbing the information .
believe me , meeting a girl was the last thing on my mind .
what 's the best thing about being in college ? ''
` ` that 's the funny thing about the truth , '' she said .
` ` i remember thinking the same thing about you . ''
even though jo was the closest thing to a friend that she had in southport , jo knewabsolutely nothing about her .
` ` that 's the thing about life .
` ` it 's the only thing i have left . ''
if therewas one bad thing about the cottage - well , there was actually more than one bad thing , she supposed - it wasthat it did n't have air - conditioning .
the only thing that had finally calmed her back at the trial was the resolution of it all , knowing victor would be locked away forever and unable to hurt her again .
the only thing that stopped me from intercepting lissa and christian when they met up early in her lobby the next day was that hans summoned me to work even earlier .
the thing that really sucks about being psychically linked to someone is that you have a pretty good idea when they 're lying -- or , in this case , not lying .
she was right about one thing -- the future would unfold with or without me seeing it in the cards .
` ` well , for one thing , i discovered i was n't the only reporter who 'd arrived out of the blue searching for the elusive finn dalton . ''
a beautiful piece of scrimshaw was the first thing that came to mind , and another was a small wood carving .
` ` i asked if my mother needed anything , and you said the only thing she really needed was her son . ''
the only thing remarkable about him was the expensive pair of sunglasses sitting on his nose and the little gizmo tucked into his ear , complete with a curly cord running down into his shirt collar .
` ` samantha , in our country , the most important thing to us is family .
one thing i had noticed right away was becca had an american accent .
` ` well , i like your company for one thing . ''
the first thing he noticed was the hospital bed .
the only thing missing was a kiss to make it all better .
that 's the thing about drugs .
if there was one thing ruby knew , it was that she hurt people , and she did n't want to hurt dean again .
that was the one thing she 'd known even as a teenager .
one thing she knew : her novelization of the past , with dad cast as hero and her mother as villain , would n't work anymore .
the first thing she noticed was the sweet scent of the roses and the salty tang of the sea .
and the last thing you 're going to feel in this world is me kissing you good night . ''
the feel of her was a lifeline , the only thing that kept him steady .
it was the only thing ruby had requested of this service , that question , and when she turned around and saw her mom and dad standing together ; she knew she 'd done the right thing .
if there were one thing she did n't care for , aside from the way he could turn her legs to jelly with no more than a glance , it was feeling guilty toward the very man that she was so determined to hate .
it was the oddest thing , his face was like a mask , completely concealing whatever it was he might be thinking .
the most disturbing thing was that she had been the one doing the smashing .
and if there was one thing that alexandra absolutely did not want , it was to fall in love - she especially did not want to face each day with the same worry : how much longer do we have together ?
the last thing she wanted right now was for him to declare his feelings for her .
` ` do you know what the most annoying thing about you is ?
` ` the thing that irks me more than anything else , is that in spite of all this , for some bizarre reason that i can not possibly hope to ever comprehend , i actually happen to like you . ''
she would n't possibly be able to respect him for such a lack of discipline - she who thrived on that very thing .
if there was one thing percy loved , it was the element of surprise .
after all , it seems to me that we have at least one thing in common . ''
and the last thing she wanted , the thing that just about horrified her the most , was the prospect of him finding out , because once he did , there 'd be no stopping him ; of that she was quite certain .
` ` because if there is one thing that i remember about your father , it is how meticulous he always was .
not only had the lighting been quite poor outside on the terrace , but he 'd also been so angry that she 'd had the audacity to slither her way into his life through lies and deceit that her looks had been the last thing on his mind .
lucy was the closest thing she 'd ever had to a child .
ironically , the last thing she wanted was a husband .
the last thing she needed right now was to become some doe - eyed female who could n't think straight because her heart was too busy going pitter patter .
` ` for i dare say the very last thing i desire is for any woman to conceive of the ill - begotten notion that she can get along with me .
of course , there was much more to it than that - her growing appreciation of the man for one thing .
i was wondering if any of you might have noticed the same thing . ''
of course she had n't minded - the last thing she wanted was for things to escalate to the point where william would have to face charges as well .
the end part 1 lucas chapter 1 her laughter was the first thing that caught his attention .
or maybe it was a male posturing thing that had to do with entirely too much testosterone .
she was a blunt , direct person , but right now , the very last thing she wanted was to discuss her feelings .
it was one thing he had in common with damon .
the very last thing she wanted was to fight him .
the next thing she became aware of was being held in cole 's arms .
fright was the very last thing on her mind .
the only thing she knew for sure was that she loved both of these men , heart and soul .
he 'd enjoyed their company , given pleasure and taken it in return , but in the end , they were n't willing to give him the one thing he wanted most : themselves .
` ` i could n't call you keeper , not when i 'd called another man by that name , but neither could i stomach calling you master , because it seemed so ... silly , and silly is the last thing i feel when i ' m with you . ''
` ` and the last thing i want is for you to feel shame , '' he said .
the first thing she registered was that her arms were n't bound as usual .
he introduced her around , and serena 's growing confusion was a tangible thing .
it was obvious the last thing he wanted was for her to dissolve into a blubbering mass of hysterical female .
the only thing worse than being alone was being one - on - one with someone .
last thing he needs is to go in blind . ''
the only thing worse than being alone was being one - on - one .
it was the one thing she 'd always given him unreservedly .
the last thing i want is to fall into you girls ' bad graces . ''
that deference thing she was used to would certainly come in handy right now .
self - preservation was a powerful thing , and she knew that what she did kept what little of her sanity she still possessed .
and i 'd like to wake up in the morning and have you be the first thing i see . ''
` ` the funny thing about dreams is that every now and then they come true . ''
the last thing he wanted to do was get nak*d in front of one of his best friends and then let that best friend f**k the woman he 'd been fantasizing about for months .
the only thing that would make it more interesting would be if serena showed up because she was dumping damon or had finally accepted his proposal .
the only thing that irked her about the entire experience - now that she knew who her mystery men were - was that she had n't been able to look at nathan and micah , especially nathan , while they were f**king her mindless .
` ` ai n't a goddamn thing wrong with her . ''
the last thing she wanted was to turn into a weepy mess in front of nathan , but her car .
she had to gear up to say just the right thing or face losing the one thing she most wanted .
i love every single thing about you .
the second thing she registered was the smell .
the last thing he remembered was approaching her bed and then waking up in his own .
your belief in these silly superstitions is the only thing that keeps you from being a perfect woman . ''
` ` the last thing i recall is stopping for the night after riding in the wagon all day . ''
the only good thing about it was that it had been just one horribly long day in length .
` ` rosemary , sage and st . john 's wort - among other things , '' she answered evasively .
the only thing to remember was the hard fact that he 'd hurt her terribly in the past and kidnapped her today .
he felt a jolt of panicked confusion , for her face - her smile - had been the last thing he 'd seen before impact .
both of them had been searching for the one thing they could only find in each other .
` ` what 's the most interesting thing about you ? ''
` ` so , what 's the most interesting thing about you ? ''
that 's the last thing i need .
but watching her confidence grow is a thing of beauty .
the last thing she needs to see is me wildly riding her son in their hot tub .
it 's a strange thing that all of that is communicated in a single glance shared between us .
she lives alone , aside from a cat , and loves to read - another thing she and avery have in common .
food is suddenly the last thing on my mind .
` ` the main thing holding me back is that you 're not who i thought you were .
hislookswere not the first thing she noticed , however .
if there is one thing i learned over the last four years , it is that this moment is the one that matters . ''
you are far different from the man i married , but your wickedness is one thing that , thankfully , did not change .
it was an odd thing about her and beth .
the last thing we need is company just now . ''
the first thing that overwhelmed her was the odor .
charlie was the first thing he saw , or charles , he supposed , taking in her breeches and waistcoat as well as the fact that she was seated on the floor , cradling his head in her lap .
` ` the only new thing in her life is you . ''
sure , i 'd noticed things about ash lately .
that was the only good thing about this visit .
the only thing on his body was a pair of low - riding jeans .
the sad thing was i knew he would n't even get close to the truth .
the last thing i needed was to get caught with an alcoholic drink only thirty minutes away from my aunt and uncle 's house .
jake and i have an on again off again thing going .
the only thing that kept me going was the hope that maybe today she 'd call .
some nights staring at it was the only thing that kept me going .
that was another annoying thing about buster .
the past was gone , after all , and the future was the only thing they had left .
having dawson beside her was the only thing that kept her from breaking down .
but like i said , she 's hurting , and if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , it 's that people in pain do n't always see things as clearly as they should .
the last thing she wanted was for him to be thinking about sex .
the only thing you ever thought about was yourself and how much you hurt after bea died . ''
and you 'll take away the only thing she has to trust , to rely on .
the one thing she knew was that she could n't tell the henderson brothers what she was thinking .
for one thing , cassie knew what she was doing now .
one thing she noticed , the smoke never actually detached from the fire , it always remained connected by a thin trail .
` ` no , because the one thing we have in common , besides that pup you ' ve got hidden away , is a desire for maintaining secrecy from the humans . ''
was it a guy thing or a panther thing that made him so clueless ?
was it a guy thing or a panther thing that made him so clueless ?
the thing about therians was , everything was more for them .
out here the sand swirled in an angry sandstorm , the only thing close to weather that they had in the dimension .
it was the next best thing to being able to run with her as wolves .
from the moment the priest had told him they had fiona , rest had been the last thing on his mind .
the last thing jane saw before she left the warehouse was her friend 's eyes on her , no doubt wondering if they 'd ever speak again .
the thing jenny remembered most about the eyes was that they were hungry .
that was the second and the third thing on his list as well .
inexplicably , this was just one more thing about her that drove him wild .
it could only be one of his well - meaning family members , and the last thing ethan wanted today was sympathy .
the last thing he wanted to do was get it wrong and get his ass laid out by his brothers .
if there was one thing she did n't tolerate , it was poor table manners .
she clung to him , her anchor , the only thing in her world that made sense right now .
the only thing keeping it down was the knowledge that if she allowed herself to be sick , she 'd likely roll right over the edge .
when i discovered you were alive , they were the very last thing on my mind .
there is only one thing in this world shittier than biting it from cancer when you 're sixteen , and that 's having a kid who bites it from cancer .
for one thing , there was no through .
the other thing about kaitlyn , i guess , was that it could never again feel natural to talk to her .
` ` that 's the thing about pain , '' augustus said , and then glanced back at me .
the bipap essentially took control of my breathing away from me , which was intensely annoying , but the great thing about it was that it made all this noise , rumbling with each inhalation and whirring as i exhaled .
the weird thing about houses is that they almost always look like nothing is happening inside of them , even though they contain most of our lives .
` ` the thing about eggs , though , '' he said , ` ` is that breakfastization gives the scrambled egg a certain sacrality , right ?
` ` the thing is you sound like a bastard if you do n't romanticize them , but the truth is ... complicated , i guess .
here 's the thing about hazel : almost everyone is obsessed with leaving a mark upon the world .
the first thing she saw once her eyes adjusted to the brightness was adam garrison leaning against a silver bmw convertible parked by the curb .
lauryn had considered renting a boat and trying to get a better view of the house from the bay side , but the only thing she knew about boats was that they made her seasick .
the last thing adam wanted to do was rejoin the party .
another thing he 'd noticed this afternoon , nicole was a toucher .
the only thing worse was getting emotionally involved .
he had a power and charisma thing going that she would have found attractive in other circumstances .
the last thing she wanted was more time with him .
` ` that 's the only thing that makes the idea of him dying alone bearable . ''
his attitude was n't the only thing that had changed .
love of roller coasters was the one thing he shared with me , but none of my sisters . ''
the mos might be hot planes , fast cars or motorcycles , but one thing remained constant - most junkies ended up dead , broken or bankrupt .
` ` another thing i miss about south carolina is the seasons .
but the last thing she wanted was her sister 's pity , so she fought to keep her feelings out of her voice .
nate 's another thing i miss .
that 's the thing about you , paige .
the only thing worse than not remembering was remembering .
the only thing she knew about aliens was that they - did things - to people .
` ` it 's just one more weird thing about this place . ''
` ` one thing about video games - the farther you go , the harder they get , '' she said .
one thing she 'd learned - the nightmares were fair .
the only strange thing about it was the huge backward - leaning x deeply carved into the wood .
the first thing she saw was the game .
the last thing she 'd wanted was for him to be caught and hurt .
the only thing she could see now of jeffrey - of - the - dazzling - smile was his rigid back .
` ` grandma - ` ` ` ` you ' ve got good sense , for one thing , '' her grandmother said , a new , brisk tone in her voice .
` ` well , for one thing , ground - up catnip , '' diana said , and then smiled at cassie 's reaction .
chapter one only one thing sucked worse than wearing boring white cotton underwear on the night she finally landed in bed with her secret fantasy man .
some lawyerly logic would serve him well right now , except logical was the last thing he felt around marianna .
` ` the great thing about being a landis is that we 're all equally as determined .
yet another thing i did n't know about you . ''
although the last thing she wanted to do right now was make plans for the future .
` ` being bare is a scary thing , being vulnerable . ''
the door is opened into the bedroom , and his hanging figure is the first thing she sees when she enters the room .
the consistent thing about ollie weeks was that he hated everyone , regardless of race , creed , or color .
one thing ollie hated - among other things he hated - was amateur detectives sticking their noses in police work .
this city , the one thing you could never find anyplace was peace and quiet .
` ` first thing i noticed was the scar .
the first thing that attracted the reverend gabriel foster to the case was the fact that the white suspect had been released on bail whereas his black counterpart had been denied bail and remanded to the men 's house of detention .
the last thing he wanted was an argument .
that was the thing with girls : the worse he treated them , the more they wanted him .
scott was always a big talker ; he did the same thing during their volleyball matches , and will had learned long ago to ignore it .
the last thing she wanted was to see him , let alone try to talk some sense into blaze while he was around .
if there was one thing about him that gave her pause , it was this : she did n't know why he liked her .
she thought about calling him back and telling him everything , but the last thing she wanted was to stay outside any longer than she had to .
it was the only good thing about being here at all .
if there was one thing she 'd learned , it was that people did n't change .
the last thing you need is to get serious with a girl .
trust me , the last thing you need is to get serious with ... '' ` ` ronnie , '' will filled in .
` ` i think i ' ve gotten taller , for one thing . ''
between work and spending time with will , she 'd spent relatively little time with her dad , and time was the one thing she could never get back .
she did n't care about the mess they left in the living room ; the only thing she could think about was the time her father had left and what she still needed to do for him .
other than missing you , pop and sean , the thing i miss the most is cook 's pancakes . ''
one thing i know for sure is that if my time is up , i 'd rather not go out this way - body trembling , dentures rattling , until finally , inevitably , my heart just gives out completely .
the last thing she needed was for him to saunter up , feigning surprise at finding her .
` ` but that 's not all you said ... '' ` ` it is the only thing that matters , '' she says , lifting her chin .
as your father used to say , we shared the longest ride together , this thing called life , and mine has been filled with joy because of you .
she always tells me that the last thing she wants is anything serious . ''
because one thing she knew for sure was that she was n't on the rebound .
the war had taken from me the only thing she 'd ever wanted .
she was most likely drinking , which opened the door to the possibility that she and brian might be fighting , and the last thing sophia wanted was to get involved in something like that .
` ` the identities of my true friends and confidantes , for one thing . ''
he 'd spent six years as an officer in his majesty 's army , and if he 'd learned one thing from his years on the battlefield , it was that life could , and frequently did , turn on a single moment .
` ` the last thing i need is for one of my friends to attempt to see me . ''
` ` is n't that the oddest thing ? ''
because good god , if there was one thing he 'd never be able to do , it was learn .
the only thing it seemed he could not do was read .
he smiled then , that unbelievably devilish thing of his .
nobody should be staying here or at my place alone at night , for one thing .
` ` what baby thing ? ''
one thing about kolettis academy , is that it is very , very nice .
my memory is a strange thing .
the strange thing is that i know what everything around me is .
also , i forgot to mention one thing that you always , always do at these parties . ''
which is apparently one thing that has n't changed about me .
` ` well , there 's one thing that new mia and old mia have in common . ''
` ` miss , there 's one thing about our prime minister .
but the one thing we do n't find on our tour , is gavin .
she forced herself to eat a yogurt and drink a glass of juice even though hunger was the last thing on her mind .
the apartment i ' m living in is n't the only thing that 's empty .
if there was one thing he 'd learned from his relationship with trish , it was that the mother held all the cards .
and that was n't the only thing that had changed .
` ` for one thing , i will never pass someone standing in the cold ringing a bell and not leave a donation .
` ` the thing with simon is that he was n't being intentionally rude .
` ` love is one thing , '' he muttered .
` ` the only thing it 's missing is cream filling . ''
the thing to remember about the south is that in little places like yazoo , you go to church .
` ` will you let me try one more thing ? ''
the thing with kids is , if they want to grab for the gold ring , you have to let them do it , and not say anything .
looking into another person 's eyes for an extended period of time proved to be a powerful thing .
a funny thing about tommy was he liked to have sex a lot .
one thing i do find amusing is knowing how jake is with women nowadays , he 's basically a slut , but when he was younger he was never interested in girls .
she told my dad that being a mother was now the only important thing to her , as she 'd lost her own mama when she was very young .
i know we have the innocent flirty banter thing going on , but that 's all it is , innocent .
in the early days - the bad days when jake 's dad was still around , he started staying over at my house regularly to get away from him , and even after his dad was gone , jake still carried on staying over ; by that point it had just became our thing .
one thing i do know is everything has just got so much more complicated than i could have ever imagined .
one thing i do know is i ca n't stay here forever , hiding from jake and his ... our problem .
because i ' ve just lost the one thing that did truly ever matter .
calling him is the closest thing to calling jake .
put on a beautiful dress and a pair of killer heels , and yes , you may still feel crap on the inside , but on the outside you 'll look knock out , and that will be the one thing that will keep the smile plastered on your face for the night . ''
` ` another amazing thing about this tour , '' jakes says over the cheers , ` ` was that it brought someone back to me who i made the mistake of once letting go many years ago - someone important . ''
they 're the closest thing to women .
jake does n't like them , and they were the only thing he had n't eaten .
maybe this is just another thing i did n't know about him .
the one thing i miss most is our girls ' night out on friday nights .
that having me - being inside me - is the only thing that will ever matter to him .
we had sex first thing this morning .
it 's the only thing that settles him .
the last thing i need is a lecture from my mother .
he tilted her jaw slightly and she groaned , aching for his lips on hers , wanting it so desperately her legs had just about turned to jelly and the only thing that kept her from falling to a puddle at his feet was his own huge body braced against hers .
she suddenly wryly acknowledged to herself that this resolution would only last as long as it took for the maid to come in and clean it up ... the one thing about being fabulously wealthy was that you did n't have to think about mundane things like picking up after yourself .
the one thing she had never doubted was that if sandro wanted a son , he would love the child .
` ` just one more thing you never bothered to learn about me , '' she said dismissively .
her hair had always been long , her father had absolutely forbade her to cut it and theresa knew that the one thing sandro absolutely adored about her , aside from her rather small breasts , was her hair .
` ` the only thing that would make me happy right now , you stubborn red - headed little cat , is if you would simply do as you 're told for a change ! ''
she felt the tension drain out of him and his relief was so overwhelming it was an almost tangible thing .
she felt a little uncomfortable in it but lisa had chosen it , saying that the ice green colour did wonderful things for her hair and eyes .
` ` all those balloons , '' her voice faded and the last thing she heard before dozing off was the sound of his indulgent chuckling .
the only thing that matters to me is you .
the one thing i 'd wanted above all else in the beginning was now a noose around my throat , tightening with every passing day .
hell , if there 's one thing both slade and i understand , it 's how a man can be crazy about hannah . ''
dex was carrying a battered pink suitcase , but that was the most normal thing about him .
` ` the only thing that would make this gorgeous bottom look better is a nice shade of pink .
but one thing about her boss : he never spoke less than the truth to her .
you 're feminine and giving and sweet , things i did n't grow up knowing a whole lot about .
if she 'd learned one thing since coming to bezakistan , it was that she 'd never been in love before .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned through all of this , it 's that my love is stronger than you can imagine and a few little words are n't going to make me run .
sometimes the only thing in the world she could count on was belle 's friendship .
one thing about kinley i ' m sure of , it 's that she has a good heart .
but that was n't the only thing she enjoyed about being with them .
the last thing alea wanted the world to know about was her drug addiction .
i think the wedding was the only thing that held her together .
the last thing she wanted was more conflict .
the last thing you need is to be surrounded by people .
the last thing he saw as he fell asleep was an unfamiliar man in a white shirt standing over them , wearing a triumphant smile .
the last thing he needed was for her to freak out .
but in that two hours , the one thing he 'd managed not to do was give in to alea 's sudden desire to play nurse .
he watched her , giving up control for a moment because seeing her find her power was a magical thing .
another thing yasmin rarely did was to really think something through .
if there was one thing yasmin loved more than her clothes and shoes and money , it was complaining about how terrible things had been for her .
but jessa , there is one thing on this earth i am good at , and that 's tracking down people .
the only thing holding her up was the hold delgado had on her hair .
the only thing higher than her heels was the puffiness of her teased hair .
the first thing she noticed was the bench .
an irritated livvy was one thing .
the first thing she noticed was the aroma .
it was a dangerous thing to admit these days .
the only thing missing was the sound of voices ; children yelling at one another and giggling .
` ` the thing about silk , '' he said , sliding his hand down her back , ` ` is that it slips off as easily as it slips on . ''
the surprising thing was how much it hurt to admit .
the last thing she packed was a small , framed photograph of her and her mother .
` ` that 's the great thing about remarrying the same guy .
but the one thing all adoptions had in common finally , at the end of the day , was this : the birth mother went on with her life .
generally , there was one thing or other that stood out in a woman .
the thing was , a woman could have an ordinary face , but if she had curves , men fell all over themselves .
if you can , name one thing a woman does better than a man , other than having babies , which is a given . ''
` ` oh , that 's another thing i forgot to mention last night - women can eat chili peppers better than a man . ''
for one thing , they were playing the league leaders and likely to be soundly defeated .
the only thing that kept her from springing free of his hold was fear .
for one thing , she had n't realized how fond carrie was of jason .
` ` the only thing that got me through it was knowing i 'd be with you again this morning . ''
she made it clear that a suitable wedding dress was n't the only thing on her list .
the last thing we need now is a scandal , understand ? ''
` ` i think so , too , if she wanted , but that 's the thing .
even now , she felt the force of her will was the only thing keeping her conscious .
summer in his arms was the closest thing to heaven james had ever found .
the last thing we need now is to have your morals questioned . ''
the only thing that stopped her - other than the badge at her hip - was knowing that that was exactly what he wanted her to do .
i 'll come to you in the morning , ease your sleeping body into orgasm so the first thing you think about , the first thing you feel when you wake up , is me . ''
i 'll come to you in the morning , ease your sleeping body into orgasm so the first thing you think about , the first thing you feel when you wake up , is me . ''
that thought was the only thing that kept her sane .
it 's that mental dance thing again .
the only thing that kept me from sleeping with him on the first date was : ( a ) it 's so tacky , and ( b ) i was n't on birth control pills .
that was the bad thing about him being a cop .
for one thing , i could get dead .
the great thing about siana is , growing up with me , she learned to read between the lines and fill in the gaps .
the last thing you need is to fall and break something else . ''
` ` your smart - ass mouth , for one thing . ''
for one thing , i have n't said anything for five years , so why would he all of a sudden get worried about it ?
you ' ve got a raccoon thing going on . ''
maybe he thought we should be discussing my personal situation , but you know that thing i have about dancing around and not thinking about something ?
the funny thing is , i was alarmed but not terrified .
see , the main thing to know about jason is that he 'll do anything to protect his image .
harlow was the only good thing about this place .
the fact she was burying herself against me was the only thing that kept me from losing it .
the only thing that moved was her hand .
the one good thing about blaire 's endless shopping was that it gave me time to prepare her surprise .
the first thing i saw was a massive cherry wood baby bed sitting in the middle of the room and an elaborate mobile with exotic sea animals dangling from it .
finding time to do yoga was another thing .
she did n't do the clingy thing .
the only thing that gives me away is the rush of red that flows to my cheeks .
she did that thing again with her forehead where it almost looked like she was raising one brow .
another thing she had in common with his ex .
grant 's eyes lifted to meet my gaze and he smiled that slow sexy smirk thing he had going on .
` ` the only good thing about sundays is the tips .
i could n't lose this ... this thing between us but i also did n't want her hurt .
i had taken my pill first thing this morning before brushing my teeth .
but even if she were n't all those things her laugh and the look in her eyes when she 's truly happy is the only thing that matters in life . ''
his physical injuries had pretty much healed , his concussion was the only thing still lingering , and a faint scar under his chin that was just barely visible .
sex was the last thing on my mind .
` ` the only thing is ... '' ` ` what ? ''
he was easy to be around , sweet to me , kind , good - hearted - all of the things , logically , i knew i should want .
another thing to love about cohen .
that was the other good thing about his visits - no goodbye kiss was needed .
for one thing , he did n't seem to be who she originally thought he was .
the only thing she cared about was never seeing him again .
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned over the past month , it is that it 's never too late . ''
` ` believing is a mysterious thing .
she turned on the radio and picked up the same thing -- static .
the last thing i want is for you to be taken advantage of . ''
it 's not much , but it 's meaningful and the only thing that counts to us .
while there are a hundred synonyms for how kissing emily feels , the only thing in my head the at the moment is ` ` woo - hoo '' .
feeling lissa 's emotions was one thing , but slipping into her was something we both despised .
` ` there 's one thing mia wants more than to destroy you and me .
referring to feeders as meals was about the only thing worse than calling dhampirs blood whores .
the only thing better than imagining dimitri carrying me in his arms was imagining him shirtless while carrying me in his arms .
` ` and that 's another thing , '' she continued .
` ` funny thing about that , '' he said , picking up one of the few sugar cookies they 'd managed to salvage and breaking off a bite .
okay , trace thought , here was his chance to ask someone older and wiser whether there was such a thing as love at first sight , whether a marriage based on such a thing could possibly last .
the only thing she knew about horses was that they have four legs and big teeth .
the last thing i wanted to do was to be in a room with abby but unable to talk to her .
the whole feeling - out - of - my - element thing was pissing me off , and then i had pepe le pew over there threatening my death .
the only thing i ' m worried about is you . ''
the only thing worse than having to be okay with abby leaving on a date with parker , was parker having to wait on abby in my apartment .
the last thing i want is a bad reputation , but i ' m tired of explaining our friendship to everyone .
the only thing i could think about was being inside of her .
` ` the only thing i ' m thinking about right now is holding you in my arms all night . ''
jealousy should have been the last thing i would feel when looking at him , but the fact that he was clearly hitting on my girlfriend made this less about his looks and more about my ego - even if he did n't know she was with me , he should have assumed by looking at her that she would n't be alone .
even amid the booming commotion from my brothers , the only thing i could think about was how f**king hot it was that the girl i ' m in love with was practically a celebrity .
the only thing stopping me was feeling abby 's small frame between us , and knowing that this skeevy little man was her father .
after trudging down the stairs in defeat , i sat on my bike , and even though a t - shirt was the only thing between my skin and the frigid winter air , i ignored it .
the funny thing is i was not suspicious at all .
one thing having money , and plenty of it , had taught him was that most everything could be fixed for a price .
the only thing that mattered was that she 'd followed .
hell , he 'd been ready since the other day in the stable when the only thing that had stopped him was his inability to remove his armor .
you were the only thing on my mind when i closed my eyes the last time .
the sexy drawl thing he had going on just pissed me off .
the whole ' want what you ca n't have ' thing always did bug the hell out of me .
it would just give him one more thing to tease me about .
the only thing that kept me from turning back to look at her had been the image of her with the other guy .
the very last thing she needed was to run headlong into a bad situation .
his link to her had become the single most important thing in his existence .
he had no idea how the hell he was going to work this out , but the one thing he knew was that he absolutely could not imagine a life - his life - without shea .
you look at me and tell me that we 're pretending when the connection between us is the most tangible , overpowering thing i ' ve ever felt in my life .
the very last thing she wanted was to rehash that footage and see grace all over again .
the only thing was , the more alert she felt , the more unreal this entire situation seemed .
it was the closest thing to a home he had .
when she stood again and set the skirt aside , the only thing stopping him from fully taking in the pale temptation of her body was a lacy bra that did nothing to hide her hard n**ples , and a teeny - tiny thong .
hurting her had been the last thing on his mind .
the last thing she expected to see was another man standing in the middle of the living / kitchen area .
just another thing that made him hard for her .
god , the hours of tears she 'd cried ... jesse had been the last thing on her mind .
the only thing she felt was ready .
but if there was one thing she knew , it was men .
` ` if there 's one thing i know , it 's men .
the one thing he very much doubted was that tyler could surpass his stamina .
` ` a proper breakfast , for one thing . ''
the only thing that could make it better was if he fell in love with her in return .
` ` the funny thing about you accusing me of sleeping around ?
` ` ending this marriage is the last thing i want , too , '' she confessed .
chapter one saturday , six days earlier the first thing hunter edgington thought when he saw the laughing brunette across the crowded vegas hotel suite , champagne in hand , was that he could n't wait to f**k her .
if hunter knew one thing , it was that his brother was every bit as cautious as he was .
if the only thing in the world that mattered was the connection between them ?
the only thing running her brain was fear .
the only thing exalted about gordon was his opinion of himself .
nothing between them would mean a damn thing if she was running from the dominance he needed to give her - and she craved .
that was the last thing kata needed .
the only thing left was the scared girl inside so terrified of becoming her mother .
the other thing had been her compassion .
somehow , being manacled so that she could n't direct what logan did was the most freeing thing of all .
one thing logan did know : the man never liked to miss out on the action , especially if he could make mischief right in the middle of it .
i was drunk and alone and miserable , and the only thing i wanted was to brand myself with you . ''
` ` maybe the only thing that 's too much is your worrying . ''
the only thing i want to massacre is your desire to say no . ''
and i can guarantee you , his mind is n't the only thing about him that 's small . ''
while she was n't usually confident about her sex appeal , one thing she did know ?
she might be a novice , but she 'd quickly conquered that inexpert thing .
the only thing worth mentioning was the scowl on his face .
the last thing rachel had ever imagined was for his face to thunder over , for his blue eyes to penetrate her bravado , and for him to press every inch of his hard body into her possessively .
last thing he needed was to get hard in front of all these f**king people .
` ` time is the one thing i lack , so do n't tell me to be patient .
the only thing she sensed was edginess , a hint of anxiety .
when lance disappeared , and axel headed back to the dungeon , thorpe indulged in one thing he never did during the club 's business hours .
the only thing i ' ve ever been able to count on with callie was the unpredictable .
it was one thing when you could say i lied to you .
the last damn thing he wanted was a dialogue .
` ` the last thing we want now , lovely , is defiance .
one thing about my father , when he loved someone , he was as loyal as the day was long . ''
but they were right about one thing ; running was n't the answer , not anymore .
the only thing that stopped him was callie .
the last thing sam wanted was to crumble under the financial pressure and end up having to put jordan in a state run facility , homes where she 'd be ignored and likely end up with bedsores and untreatable infections within a month .
it was the only thing blake questioned .
` ` the only other thing you need to change is our names . ''
if there was one thing he 'd learned about his wife , it was her insecurity .
one thing you can count on with me is honesty . ''
silence was another thing he appreciated about emma .
he was touched that she 'd noticed such a smal thing .
the il -fated chocolate cake was the last thing she remembered eating , although aidan had brought her food at various points , food she must have eaten at least some of .
she sounded ungracious , but it was tough to be grateful when he was withdrawing access to the one thing that intrigued her the most - his sexy self .
it was the oddest thing , as if he knew she was coming before she even arrived .
` ` one thing about this costume party , '' aidan said as they rode the few blocks to the bar where it would be held .
i get that your protection might be the only thing keeping me from a bitter end , but i would appreciate it if you 'd use the word please instead of just barking orders . ''
they and the hendersons had the whole mirror image - name thing going on .
three hours later , when she walked into the rotary club luncheon in the banquet room of a downtown hotel , he had a hunch she was going to be a very big problem , because the first thing he noticed about her was the way she smelled .
for one thing , he 'd never allow her to confront a werewolf alone , and yet she did n't want to expose him to potential danger , either .
` ` right now there 's not a single thing about me that is n't human .
food was n't the only thing he could smell .
` ` that 's the thing about you , roarke .
he was convinced that leaning against her was the only thing holding him up , and vice versa .
they were necessary evils , but there was n't a single sexy thing about them .
` ` one thing about all this .
for one thing , she could n't smell them , and both roarke and grandpa earl had assured her she would gag once she did .
the most important thing for kids is that their parents love them and love each other .
` ` and the last thing you need is another responsibility on the far side of the world , right ? ''
` ` why do males have this thing about black lace ? ''
she had a gift for making him laugh , and he was going to miss that along with every other wonderful thing about luna .
but it 's the closest thing to a strategy i ' ve got , so i ' m going with it . ''
no glass , for one thing . ''
` ` at least we have one thing in common . ''
his brogue might be the sexiest thing about him , but it topped a long list .
fresh air was one thing .
one thing about kate , she knew how to taunt him .
` ` the thing about werewolves , '' he said as he moved to her other shoulder to give it the same treatment , ` ` is that of the five senses , smell is our most acute .
but no matter how much he craved the same thing she did , he could n't let her know .
if there 's one thing werewolves understand , it 's the importance of finding a soul mate .
one thing about tiny cooper is that you ca n't whisper in his ear , even if you 're reasonably tall like myself , because the motherfucker is six six , and so you have to tap his giant shoulder and then sort of motion with your head that you 'd like to whisper into his ear , and then he leans down and you say , ` ` hey , is jane the g*y part of the gay - straight alliance or the straight part ? ''
that 's the thing about tiny : his problems are so huge that yours can hide behind them .
we have this thing about calling each other back , in that we do n't do it very much .
the only thing grayson has going for him is that he 's adorable , and yet he refuses to date . ''
i thought about stepping over the fallen giant and kissing her and my hand on her face and her improbably warm breath , and having a girlfriend who gets mad at me for being so quiet and then only getting quieter because the thing i liked was one smile with a sleeping leviathan between us , and then i feel like crap for a while until finally we break up , at which point i reaffirm my vow to live by the rules .
me : oh , good , because the thing i 'd be worried about the most is whether you were okay with it .
the last thing i need is gray matter on my new shoes .
the thing about my coat pockets is that if i have a small amount of trash - like , say , a snickers wrapper - but i do n't see a garbage can , my pockets end up becoming the garbage can .
here 's the thing about maura : it 's always about her .
even though it 's pathetically unlikely that it 's going to be isaac , my hopes still do the up thing .
i guess the thing is that i ' m a little confused . ''
the thing is , coming from your ex - boyfriend , it 's sweet .
the last thing i need is for the fat lady to sing .
the songs vary from jazz standards to boy band covers , but all the performers have one thing in common : they sort of suck .
` ` the thing you ' ve got ta remember about phil wrayson is that he is totally freaking terrified .
and the last thing my mental health day needs is to be google - mapped into iowa at ten in the morning .
it is my favorite thing about us !
her face is clear and her skin has a peaches - and - cream thing going on .
and thank god , this may be the only thing that keeps me sane while we 're here .
the thing is , we cook for twenty .
the only thing that stops me from going crazy in this safe house is my daily argument with nox .
the last thing she wanted was to give someone the power to hurt her .
self - preservation was the one thing she 'd learned from her mother .
the one thing the whitson women never did was talk .
for once , they were feeling the same thing .
` ` believe me , sylvie , the last thing i want is this time back . ''
and the thing i miss most about dad is that he was always waiting for me . ''
that is the thing i remember most about evan .
the first thing she notices is the smell of smoke .
` ` my favorite thing to do is cook .
even a month ago , meredith would have given nina platitudes , told her that love was the only thing that mattered in life and that nina was getting to an age where she should start a family , but she had learned a thing or two in the months since dad 's death .
vera is weary to the bone , but she strokes her sister 's dirty , matted hair and uses the only thing she has - her voice - to soothe their spirits .
when she is lucky , a transport or a lorry picks her up and takes her as far as they are going , but luck is a thing she has never counted on , and most of the miles to leningrad , she walks .
his breathing is a terrible thing to listen to .
if there was one thing she 'd learned in all of this , it was that life - and love - can be gone any second .
after all that mom had been through , somehow holding on to the physical evidence of her life was the thing that had finally scared her .
you will tell me what hurts you , keeps you awake , frightens or upsets you , makes you laugh and cheer and every f**king thing in between because you are mine .
but one thing i know - that we ' ve just seen in the past few days - is the way she retreats into her head .
` ` you 're such a wee thing . ''
` ` air is the last thing i ' m thinking of . ''
the last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you . ''
the last thing you wanted to hear was me crying about liam .
my green friend stood there for a minute , doing that thing people do when they ' ve just stepped in it : freezing and putting a smile on their face while their brain strips its gears trying to figure how it 's going to extract itself out of this faux pas .
when the creatures learned this , and although no individual could know it felt this , there grew within the race of these creatures a hunger for that thing they did not have : for the consciousness that the creatures knew collectively they did not have as individuals .
people know you ' ve got that weird thing you have with the obin - ` ` ` ` it 's not weird , '' i said .
the funny thing about the cro - magnons was that despite the fact that they were barely above banging rocks together , their brains were actually larger than our brains are now .
` ` but he does n't know the one thing about me that matters right now .
jane immediately took to it and started fiddling with it ; that was her thing .
` ` thing is , grant here 's a control freak . ''
` ` the last thing i want is to be an accomplice . ''
she 'd never mentioned it and money seemed to be the last thing on her mind .
miranda said brenna had seen her this morning and offered it to her first thing , because she was ` ` going to toss it out . ''
two weeks ago , the last thing she wanted was a real relationship .
the last thing brenna needed was more guilt .
really , the only thing she was excellent at was taking photos and avoiding people .
the bed - and - breakfast was the only thing close to a hotel near tiny bluebonnet , texas .
the good thing about brenna was that she kept grant distracted from what was going on with elise .
knowing he was going to do it was one thing ; having him kneeling between her spread legs and announcing how he was going to lick her was another entirely .
this breathing thing was rather nice .
the thing that bothered him the most about the situation was that he knew elise would blame herself .
the last thing he wanted to do was sit around and try to act like everything was cool when he was all f**ked - up inside .
` ` the only thing i notice about your clothes is how fast i want to get you out of them . ''
` ` baby , the only thing weird about me and you is why a sweet , classy girl like you got mixed up with a tatted - up loser like me . ''
if there was one thing emily was proud of , it was her skill in the kitchen .
` ` and if there 's one thing that being jane taught me , '' luanne said , sipping her coffee .
he does that polite laugh thing , eyes narrowing .
the only thing mom fears more than never marrying off a kid at the farmington country club is germs .
if there 's one thing my family has taught me , it 's that being a hypocrite is nothing to be ashamed of .
my father is many things - warm , kind , unfailingly patient ( because you have to be in order to stay married to my mother ) -but ` ` dominant male '' is the lowest thing on his list of attributes .
the benadryl is n't helping , and that dose of epinephrine is the only thing keeping me from anaphylactic shock as i feel my breathing speed up , but my throat starts to narrow , as if darth vader has me in his grip and wo n't let go .
yoga freaks have this thing about their space .
last thing i need is to have that fantasy destroyed . ''
being with a selfish , egotistical blowhard is one thing .
being fully aware and carefully prepared for stings and medical responses is one thing ; never taking the tiniest risk and being unable to enjoy the vast majority of what it means to live a rich , fully human life is quite another .
` ` the twang is n't fake , darlin ' , and the ego is n't the only sizable thing on me .
` ` funny thing about judgment .
chapter twelve the thing that buckled amanda 's knees was n't that he knew her secret ... it was how stricken he looked .
he stared at her , the only thing moving on his body were the tips of his fingers , which slowly dug into the armrests of the chair with the same pressure she imagined they 'd like to dig into her chest and rip out her heart right now .
the only thing worse than the disappointment that crushed her chest was the fact that tori was right there , witnessing amanda 's defeat .
and if there was one thing elliott becker had a ton of , it was luck .
the only thing becker liked more than a sexy woman with attitude was a sexy woman with attitude and a piece of real estate he wanted .
for the first time , the closest thing to a sweet expression settled on her lovely features .
he got her name wrong , for one thing .
the only thing lost between the two of us was easy cash for her and open thighs for me . ''
the only thing that had changed for him was frank coming back on the scene .
her teeth started chattering , which for some reason he found to be the cutest thing .
` ` kelly , there 's no need to- '' ` ` my work is the most important thing in my life . ''
the last thing i need is for her to climb on the roof with a bullhorn to discuss my ass again . ''
the last thing he wanted was to care about anyone again .
the whole perfect childhood thing . ''
a hint of salt clung to the air and on a normal night he would find sitting out here with a drink the closest thing to a vacation he 'd had in ...
` ` your devotion to her is a beautiful thing . ''
the only thing that made coming back here palatable was having shannon by his side .
he opened the door and she smiled her thanks without speaking , yet another thing he appreciated about her .
and her emotions were n't the only thing that would be swelling soon .
` ` the last thing i think about when i ' m with you is sleep . ''
the last thing she needed was his touch scrambling her thoughts again .
not really , but the last thing she wanted was to launch another argument of people blaming each other for upsetting the pregnant women .
the only thing missing was the madcap heiress , a perky little redhead in a gold lame gown , who had an equally perky little name .
for one thing , they both had their guards up then .
for one thing , he spent far more time than other men did gazing at her face .
the last thing she needed was to be caught ogling that part of him .
funny thing about old houses .
the only thing weirder than that was the way he was suddenly going all gooey over kit .
things like a concrete garden gnome for the front yard - which he immediately exiled to the back - or lace curtains for the front windows - which he simply tried his best to ignore - or more of those intolerable bill monroe cds - which he refused to admit were starting to grow on him in spite of the proliferation of banjos .
when he did , his scent surrounded her , warm and earthy and masculine , reminding her of so many things she wished she could forget .
and that , he decided , was the scariest thing of all .
about how the only thing she 'd been able to think about last night as she lay in her bed at cherrywood was how alien and unwelcome had become the bedroom that had been hers since she outgrew the nursery ?
but the thing about all those women was ... they were n't kit .
` ` sure thing , rocky .
for one thing , caroline the matchmaker would be curious - not to mention possibly peeved - if peyton showed up with a woman .
for another thing , why would peyton want ava with him when he considered a potentially life - changing decision ?
despite his conviction only moments ago that he needed to be by himself to sort out his thoughts , isolation was suddenly the last thing he wanted .
the last time he and ava had spontaneously combusted like that , not a single thing had changed from the day before to the day after .
not when the only thing she had to offer him was a physical release , no matter how explosive .
the first thing adam had noticed about mack was that she had excellent taste in neckties .
the second thing he 'd noticed about mack was that he was noticing a beautiful woman 's midsection for the first time and was n't noticing what he usually noticed when noticing a woman 's midsection for the first time .
the last thing adam wanted was to be part of a discussion about viagra in front of mack .
the only thing that made adam 's new role tolerable was that he had drafted lucas conaway to man the position of skulker 's assistant .
blondness was the first thing adam noted from this distance and this angle .
curviness was the second thing he noted .
but some undefinable thing in him called to something equally undefinable in her .
it had only grown - his irritation , that is ... although that was n't the only thing that had grown , now that he thought about it - when he 'd realized there was no outlet in sight for his current state of ... irritation .
evidently his apartment was n't the only thing that lucas took great care to maintain , she thought , her mouth going dry at the sight of his lean torso .
and once those little revelations about mack had started playing out in his mind - over and over and over again , too , dammit - the last thing adam had thought about was desiree .
the absolutely last thing on earth she wanted was to be possessed by a man .
the only thing that had kept him from spending the entire day in bed making love to her had been the fact that she , herself , had had to leave , even before he did .
well , almost every last thing .
it was the only thing she had left that proved she had ever been a teacher in the first place .
the last thing a fourteen - year - old girl needs is to have talk like that circulating about her . ''
however , benign was the last thing she felt at the moment .
for one thing , considering his aptitude in finding schuyler 's top secret sangria recipe a few minutes ago , this man was obviously no ordinary lowly bookkeeper .
even though careless was the last thing she felt at the moment .
then again , leo had encountered that kind of thing in women before , and it had only made him work that much harder to win them over .
that was about the only thing he could think of that would be unlike her .
the only thing that made this incident worse than the first time was what had made it worse last week , too - on both occasions , he 'd had to come clad in his persona of leonard freiberger .
the last thing mr . freiberger needed to hear was her breaking into a rousing chorus of , you 're just a hunka hunka burnin ' love .
at which point , of course , reading would be the last thing on his mind .
on the contrary , unrequited love for schuyler kimball was the last thing miss rigby seemed to be suffering from these days .
` ` well , for one thing , schuyler was working every bit as hard as i was .
and for another thing , i got something out of the arrangement that was far more important to me than recognition for my contribution . ''
yep , a tranquil , unsullied life in a comfy , uncluttered cottage all to herself was the only thing violet tandy had ever wanted .
she smiled again , a little less sharply than before , and he knew she had noticed the same thing .
nope , the only thing violet noticed was how his nearness had no effect on her .
that was another thing violet liked about talk of the town .
she did the wide - eyed thing again , then dropped her gaze and busied herself with something in her purse .
the last thing he saw was the distressed expression on her face , and the last thought he had was one he did n't have time to put voice to .
finally , quietly , he said , ` ` the snow is n't the only thing that 's been surprising tonight . ''
prince charming was the only thing that had been missing from della 's fairy - tale plan for the evening , even if he was a complete stranger .
feeling the same thing she felt .
instead , he threaded his fingers gently into her hair and , very softly , asked , ` ` do you know what my favorite thing is about the windsor club ? ''
` ` my favorite thing is that it 's connected to the ambassador hotel .
the last thing he looked for in a one - night stand was for it to last more than one night .
the last thing he wanted to hear was a woman including him in her everyday life .
the third thing she saw was marcus .
` ` i ' m sorry , ms . hannan , '' carson said , ` ` but privacy is one thing a federal witness does n't get much of .
this place was as far removed from the skyscrapers and concrete of san francisco as it could be , and the last thing anyone should think about here was work .
it was just that , being here in this beautiful , comfortable lodge with him , seeing him in sweats and a t - shirt and finding a picture of him from his youth , formal was the last thing she felt .
` ` well , for one thing , stephen 's idea of orientation seems to be asking me a lot of questions about my old position at barton limited and dodging any questions i ask about my new position at omnitech . ''
` ` for one thing , stephen , secretaries are the backbone of any good business .
one thing she 'd learned working closely with matthias for five years was how to tell when he was being serious or when he was bluffing .
the last thing he needed to be thinking about right now was their kiss .
for one thing , you 're the press .
the last thing i need is for inside information to inadvertently leak , so the fewer people who know anything , the better . ''
the first thing that caught his eye in her living room was the bouquet of roses on an end table .
his lips , for one thing , were softer and smoother than they looked .
so much so that she was able to say casually , ` ` there 's one thing i never understood about you , rafferty . ''
he blew a breath , then continued , ` ` my father had this thing about giving back to the community .
she clutched his shoulders , his look of possession the last thing she saw as her eyes closed and her world spiraled beyond everyday sensation in response to the sure and steady rhythm of his hand .
anger was the last thing she was willing to take from him !
the only thing she 'd change was the abstract artwork .
and if there was one thing he 'd learned in the corporate world , it was never to let the competition see you sweat .
the only thing that set him apart from webb sperling was the lack of a managerial position in the family company .
the last thing i need is for him to change his mind . ''
too bad the only thing he could still see was the memory of kelly lying across a bed like the greatest temptation .
then , all at once , she went up and over and into the vortex , her grip on his arm the only thing anchoring her to the world .
besides , if there was one thing she 'd come to know about zeke , it was that he was able to make every audience member feel connected to him .
to herself , she admitted the timing of her engagement to carter might have the teeny , tiniest thing to do with the fact that she longed for a baby .
she was still unable to look away from griffin 's eyes , and somehow they were the only thing keeping her standing .
the last thing belinda wanted was for this scandal to play out in the media .
for one thing , her family still had the expectation that she would marry again - and marry well .
she did n't want to discover she had one more thing in common with him .
he was the closest thing to her fantasy man as she 'd ever seen - not that she 'd ever admit to anyone that , at twenty - four , she 'd had a fantasy lover and no other kind .
and now they had another thing in common .
because if there was one thing he knew , sawyer acknowledged as he admired tamara 's backside and shapely legs , it was that kincaid news was worth the effort ... and so was tamara .
guys were actually the last thing on my mind these days and i had n't dated someone in almost a year .
but this whole staring thing and making me want to drop my panties for him , had to stop .
i could n't let that happen , the last thing i needed was to be used and then dumped by a guy , especially him since he was my boss .
talking with chloe was a welcomed distraction and it helped take my mind off of everything that was going on , but as soon as i hung up the phone the first thing i thought about was sebastian and how i still had not heard from him .
as much as i hated to admit it , spencer had that hot , sexy guy thing going on and i could see how it would be easy to fall for him .
the only thing that helped calm me down was sebastian 's call that afternoon .
the first thing i saw was a beautiful double wrought iron stairway leading up to an enormous landing .
he grabbed my h*ps and lifted me slightly higher and that angle was the thing that put me over the edge .
her health was the only thing stopping him from doing just that .
` ` i ' m fine right here , '' she told him , knowing that if she went anywhere with him , talking would be the last thing on her mind .
chapter twenty - seven as lia 's brain struggled toward consciousness , the first thing it noticed was the big smile on her face .
if the two of them had one thing right together , it was chemistry .
one thing she did understand completely was fury , and right now , anger was her number one emotion .
this was all new territory for him , but the one thing he did know was that he did n't want her to walk away .
the only thing that gets me through these long nights is the knowledge that you are waiting for me .
the sad thing about it was that she liked rafe strong and taking charge .
trust was the hardest thing to gain back once it was stripped from you .
the only thing i felt at knowing he was dead was regret - regret that i had n't been the one to plunge the knife into the coldhearted bastard 's chest . ''
the frightening thing was the tug inside her heart at the thought of carrying shane 's child .
one thing that rafe would never be short on was charisma .
one thing she knew about rafe was that he was a man of his word .
the one thing she knew for sure was that it was time to go home .
the only thing he knew for sure was that he could n't seem to let her go .
for one thing , rafe had his stupid confidentiality clause .
the thing that really confused her was that she was n't miserable .
it 's just that i did n't want to be all by myself in this club , where the only thing thicker than the smoke is the sex hormones oozing through the air , '' rachel said with big , innocent eyes and a pouty lip .
the last thing she remembered doing was sitting down on the built - in bench and feeling the hot water cascade over her muscles , soothing away the aches now consuming her body .
the thing that made it even worse was that the guy could barely be older than a kid .
` ` well , for one thing , is that a stripper pole in front of me ? ''
` ` the nice thing about being the boss is that i can do what i want , '' rafe said with a wink before leaving the room .
being with them was the only thing that kept his humanity intact .
one thing she 'd discovered since starting her job and getting away from the college campus was that people in general were a lot more friendly than she 'd ever thought .
for one thing , he found himself enjoying her company , and that was n't good .
nothing about her manufactured body did a thing for him , anymore .
one thing she 'd learned in the last few months was that she could survive on her own .
the one thing that had been eating her alive as her mom talked about returning home and getting back to work , was what he held against her .
the last thing she saw before firmly shutting the door between them was his unblinking eyes .
that was another thing he loved about her , the fact that she could take what he dished out and even give it back most of the time .
sex was natural , it was needed , it was the one true thing that really made the world go round .
one thing tanner knew for sure was that he wanted her back in his bed again tonight .
the sad thing about the shower was that it was better than the one in his apartment .
one thing that she had no doubt about was that there was far more to tanner than initially met the eye .
one thing that he did know for sure was that this holiday season was certainly becoming his loneliest one ever .
the only thing she knew about cows was that they tasted damn good when prepared by a top - level chef .
the only thing that stopped her was that she knew both men would be a whole hell of a lot happier if she did just that .
one thing she was learning from all of this was that she should be a lot more grateful for what she 'd had .
as she wobbled in her saddle , brielle started thinking that maybe she 'd made a mistake , but then as they started out from the barn , the only thing she could concentrate on was trying not to fall off .
there was the thing about lying again .
one thing he knew for sure about brielle storm was that he had no idea what tomorrow would bring .
the last thing he wanted to do was limp to the damn suv .
for one thing , she did n't think the brother really existed .
the last thing she wanted was to see a fistfight start .
the last thing he wanted misty thinking about was another man 's ass .
` ` with the power out , it will take two of us to keep warm , '' he said , though a heater was the last thing she needed .
one thing we both have in common is our little sister .
as the plane made its final approach , her stomach dipped , her heart thudded , and the only thing holding her in place was the feel of bryson 's hand clasping hers .
the sound of his zipper descending was oddly loud in the room , where the only other thing to be heard was their breathing , deep and desperate .
i think that 's the thing i respect about you most - how committed you are to your work .
good god , the last thing grady sinclair needed was a hooker .
decked out in christmas cheer from her tinkling bell earrings to the christmas socks he could see quite clearly now that she had taken her sneakers off at the door , grady decided there was one thing he liked about christmas now - emily .
the only thing he could hear was his heart thundering in his ears , his rage at the fact that emily was still in danger barely leashed .
there was n't one single thing about her that did n't have him completely fascinated .
every single thing about him had always drawn her to him , lured her closer to him until they were completely entwined .
i think i 'll spend a lifetime discovering something else about you every day , another thing to make me love you even more . ''
she waved at him as she strode across the room like a woman on a mission - another thing he liked about her .
one thing she knew about marcus colter was that he was fluent in several languages , including arabic .
there is n't one thing about you that i do n't find incredibly hot , '' she told him in a husky , shaky voice .
the last thing she needed was for tate to see her crying .
that was one thing his life lacked these days .
eventually she decided to return to the one thing they had in common - changing her into a social butterfly .
you enjoyed yourself , and that 's the main thing .
the one thing she did notice was that everything was made of white marble .