` ` it 's the same thing in a plane .
i do n't think anyone else caught the faltering misstep in her routine , or heard the catch in her voice , but so in tuned was i , that i did n't miss a thing .
it was the sexiest f**king thing i 'd ever seen .
i was on a hair trigger , the slightest thing would set me off , and the next time i cum , i want to be inside her .
some hack had been there taking pictures of the whole thing and the story broke .
i guess i just assumed it would happen somehow , without my ever putting any thought into it , and i ' ve never built it up like it 's going to be some crazy special thing , either .
greg was completely weirded out by the whole thing . ''
the next thing i know , i ' m being woken up by someone sinking into bed next to me .
` ` there 's another thing you should know ... about nate ... i found out after you called : he thinks you left because he was too much for you , because he was a bad kid , basically .
i noticed him the very first day of freshman year , when he mouthed off to our sex ed teacher for taking a hard line in favor of abstinence ( the most characteristically emerson thing ever ) .
this is a onetime thing .
` ` and i still really want ... the thing to happen , '' i stumble ahead , ` ` but i ' m sort of out of practice .
` ` i actually thought about calling you , when it happened , '' he laughs shortly , ` ` i knew you 'd gone through the same thing .
the other students actually moved out of the way as he approached , apparently seeing the same thing she did when he walked .
` ` pity , '' scott said , noting her perfect derriere , which was the last thing he saw before the bathroom door closed .
she was from a small village and , prior to dinner with dharr , attending university in london had been the most amazing thing to have happen to her .
a few hours later , she felt fine and went to class , but when the same thing happened the following day , she had to question what was really happening .
deep down , she guessed she knew this kind of thing might happen .
the only thing that stopped him was the cooler night air hitting him and he looked up to realize that they were back at her apartment building .
was the last thing she heard before he covered her mouth with his .
ella watched the whole thing , her heart breaking at the new reality that she would have to share her precious son now .
` ` what 's this thing about tonight ? ''
dani 's stomach started that flipping fluttering thing again , making her feel slightly queasy .
first thing in the morning , she 'd called mark and meet him for breakfast .
the next thing she knew , she was buckled into the seat and kalil was sitting next to her , casually talking on the phone as if he kissed like that every day .
the same thing happened right before you sold yourself to jerry manning .
she wanted to laugh out loud , but was n't sure what the protocol was for this kind of thing .
other journalists probably did this kind of thing all the time so what was the horror ?
the next thing she knew , she was plucked out of the snow and flung over rocco 's shoulder .
and rob - good ol ' rob - captured the whole thing with his cell phone .
and we chipped in and bought the ticket - round trip , because we figured you would n't know a good thing when it kicked you in the butt , so we 'd have to send her back .
` ` autumn , you are the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
ethan had n't mentioned a thing , and he thought they were getting married .
` ` what 's happening is your daughter faked this whole thing , '' lacey said , her face alight with a vicious triumph .
that was the last thing jamie expected .
` ` i ' ve seen a thing or two , '' morgan said .
she would arrange to return every last one of them first thing tomorrow .
he could tell everyone in the congregation about all the wondrous things he saw on the matheson ranch - the tiny bugs and the towering trees ; the ceaseless life that teemed and thronged in the grasses ; the ever - shifting shades of light that filtered through pine branches in the hills ; the sound of the water that ran in the creek - and by telling them about it , he could teach them to know god .
but i expect your help with evening chores tonight , and first thing tomorrow you get right back to work like usual .
they needed to get the land prepped this fall so they could plant the rootstock first thing next spring .
` ` set what whole thing up ? ''
` ` i ' m going to call the airline and see if i can get a flight first thing tomorrow .
` ` the only thing is ... i ' m not on track to finish carl 's garden by october first , which means i ' m not on track to give morgan the money i promised her for her wedding gift .
` ` it was the darndest thing - when we sat down to do it , we figured out there was no extra work .
one thing she knew for sure - she could n't become mrs . evan mortimer .
` ` so - wilderness challenges , that kind of thing ? ''
maybe there were classes for that kind of thing .
this whole thing was rigged , was n't it ?
she had to get out , had to ... ... save caramel , had to reach her before the awful thing happened , had to stop her from dying , stop cyclone from dying , stop her family from losing their land ...
she 'd discovered one thing was worse than losing her job and her fight to save her animals .
i ' m going to win this thing ! ''
one thing goes wrong for you and you 're ready to use your fists to get your way .
so i ' m going to do my best to win this thing . ''
in about five minutes i 'll be asleep and the only thing you 'll have to worry about is if my snoring keeps you awake . ''
` ` the only thing is , i need a car .
the silence drew out for long minutes , until cab began to wonder if the whole thing had been a dream .
if she listened to gossip she 'd think ned was a fighter , but she 'd never seen such a thing .
it 's your fault , too - it 's that baby thing . ''
tacos , burritos - that kind of thing ? ''
soldiers go through the same damn thing , you know .
` ` i did n't see a thing . ''
i love that kind of thing . ''
next thing they 'll say i ca n't support you , let alone keep you out of another man 's bed . ''
that kind of thing .
` ` here 's the thing .
that kind of thing . ''
i know one thing . ''
she was n't able to differentiate between her dreams and reality since both had the same thing happening .
she heard the foil wrapper tear open and the next thing she knew , jake 's legs were between hers and he was nudging her open .
the door closed and the next thing she knew , she was being tossed onto her back on the bed with adam 's body covering her own .
first thing this morning , he 'd told jim to go over all the details again and find out what was missing .
what an awful thing to consider , she told herself .
i know that it is time for you to go home for the evening but i have some drawings i want you to start working on first thing tomorrow morning . ''
there was only one thing that had marred the past month .
helen bit her lower lip , her mind running through the last thing she remembered .
the next thing i knew he was gone .
i looked up and realized that jett was staring at me , hanging on my every word , but that was n't the only thing i saw before my eyes .
jett had been the best thing that had happened to me , but after today 's discoveries , he had broken me more than anything or anyone ever could .
then kenny called , and one thing led to another .
the first thing i noticed was that dark brown rust covered half of the polished metal .
today , however , my gratitude reached a new peak because , the next thing i knew , i 'd be transporting a dead body and a shovel in the trunk .
the thing was , i had never expected to fall so hard myself - that plunging into complete darkness , with nothing but a trusting heart that meant i had to stop breathing to allow for someone 's breath to become mine .
leah saw the whole thing from across the cafeteria .
the whole thing has been one giant blur .
tall and built like a swimmer , he was sexiest thing i 'd ever seen in a pair of scrubs .
do you think they offer installation for this type of thing ?
it 's the most ridiculous thing i 'd ever seen .
one thing i noticed right away ... okay , two things .
` ` holy f**k . that was the sexiest damn thing i ' ve ever seen , '' logan said .
i knew she was trying , but a lifetime of hurt was a difficult thing to get over .
i must have dozed off , because the next thing i knew i was being poked in the head by maddie .
the last thing i saw was leah shaking her head and laughing as i haphazardly made my way back to my hotel room .
one thing had led to another and before i knew it , acting had become my full - time career .
` ` i do n't know , but i do know one thing .
i just hoped she did the same because as i 'd watched her shatter in my arms over and over again while screaming my name , i 'd known one thing .
looking at our joined bodies moving together in the mirror was the most erotic thing i 'd ever seen , and it sent me over the edge immediately .
my father yelled in frustration , and the blow to the head he gave me was the last thing i remembered .
but one thing you will never do is come back here , asking for more .
` ` well , there is one thing i am absolutely sure of .
clutching him as i gazed into the eyes of the woman i loved , i wondered if my decision would be the one thing that could tear us apart .
the only thing i could see was his profile picture , and that was enough to set my heart into double - time .
i had thought the entire thing was spur - of - the - moment , but he had planned it , every single minute .
` ` i still ca n't believe that little thing went natural .
i 'd opened the door and found her curled up on the bed , staring at a map of the city like it was the saddest thing ever .
` ` i guess the hardest thing i ' m dealing with is how much i failed you .
in life , there really was n't such a thing as a second chance .
i 'd learned one thing while sitting through my torturous hours with kate .
although brief , that bear hug was the closest thing to a hug i 'd had in weeks .
i knew one thing .
but after we 'd become close friends and i 'd begun regularly attending yoga and pilates classes with her a few times a week , i 'd quickly figured out one thing .
i ' ve really come into my own skin , you could say , and there 's one thing i ' ve realized about myself along the way , jackson . ''
` ` you know what the sad thing is , roman ?
the funny thing was it seemed erin had n't even realized she 'd caught the biggest fish in the pond .
and he could guess that being pregnant was no easy thing .
she was used to this kind of thing .
there was one thing he knew , though .
` ` next thing i 'll hear is that you 're over there fixing the place up .
she 'd been the best thing that ever happened to alvin fox , bossing him around , breaking him out of the vices that had led to the disintegration of his first marriage .
but no such thing happened .
she packed through the night and first thing in the morning she was heading for the bus station .
and going out on a second date with drake might just be the thing to send her over that cliff .
` ` i know , '' she said , confusion reflected on her face , ` ` but that 's the weirdest thing .
the sad thing was , she was usually right .
was she dreaming the whole thing ?
no , she 'd orchestrated the whole thing so that she could come back and create havoc in his life .
` ` that 's the crazy thing , '' sloane said , still bemused .
i love this kind of thing .
her dark - brown eyes scanned the room and when they landed on the twins they saw that one thing they 'd been yearning for all these years - instant recognition .
and , as nice as she 'd been on the visit when the track opened , the last thing silken wanted to do was give the family 's mother hen reason to regret her son 's choice of bride .
this could only mean one thing .
you 're the best thing that 's happened to me in years .
the last thing he felt was his head splitting open and then he crumpled to the floor .
anita shrugged as if this sort of thing happened to her every day .
first thing in the morning she was going to the police .
the really sad thing was , she did n't want to lose what she and rome had .
when she 'd heard of the green room she 'd expected to see the walls in that hue but there was no such thing .
after the way vittorio had slammed her the day before , an apology was the last thing she 'd expected .
first thing tomorrow you 're going to get one .
it was the weirdest thing ... '' his voice trailed off and his gaze took on a look of confusion .
just when she was beginning to really like rafe , even harboring fantasies that he might like her enough to want to stick around in bremen for a while , this thing happened to drag her back to reality .
the next thing i knew she 'd grabbed my arm and twisted it behind my back .
over a hundred channels and not a damn thing to watch .
and if there was one thing rafe could n't stand it was to see a woman cry .
this was the kind of thing she used to read in romance novels and each time she 'd rolled her eyes in disbelief but now it was happening to her .
` ` what , '' she said slowly , the word dripping with suspicion , ` ` thing ? ''
` ` the only thing is , i do n't have one . ''
` ` it was n't like i needed her help in planning this thing .
he 'd broken the spell , dragged her out of her dreamy fantasy , the one where she 'd orchestrated the whole thing .
the next thing she heard was a growl followed by a splash and as her eyes flew open she found herself lifted high in ridge 's arms .
` ` first thing tomorrow , '' she said , her smile widening , ` ` we 're heading into the amazon jungle . ''
it 's the best thing that could have happened to me . ''
the thing was , before ryder took to the country roads he 'd known he would sort of be on his own for some parts of the journey .
` ` you can ask about the credit card thing inside . ''
ted slept through the whole thing and it was only when ryder 's mop bumped his chair that he jerked awake .
last thing i heard from his old aunt , he 'd gotten married and had a family .
first thing in the morning he would be hitting the road to pequoia and this time he planned to take things to the next level .
` ` next thing you know , it 's him i see tumbling off the ladder .
instead , the only thing that broke through the silence was an unmistakable sound : a gun being cocked .
i ca n't find one thing wrong with this .
she felt in her heart that the dream was a thought she had shared with mr . hayes , a real thing that he wished for .
it was at this crucial moment in that the stars aligned and the single best and worst thing of her life occurred .
mr . hayes did n't need to be a psychic to see the same thing .
moonlight danced off her hair and the only thing he could think about was that he needed to kiss her .
i could still feel my heart pounding a million miles a minute and i was n't completely sure the whole thing had n't been a crazy dream .
we stood there , kissing in the rain as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
` ` like i said , it 's a really prestigious thing ...
` ` you had this whole thing planned , did n't you ? ''
it was the most romantic thing i had ever seen .
robbie was the best thing that could have happened to me .
` ` then do n't get burned , '' she said , as if it were the easiest thing in the world .
i 'd always thought that kind of thing only happened in movies .
` ` i was there for the whole thing .
the next thing i knew , though , he was on the porch , his hand around my wrist to keep me from going inside .
follow my finger with your eyes and tell me what the last thing you remember is , '' the doctor said , holding one finger up and moving it from side to side .
he did n't want this to only be a one - time thing .
` ` it 's part of the ` ` grooming the next generation of lawyers '' thing that the partners put on every year .
` ` do n't you have to go to this thing too ? ''
i did n't know the one thing that everyone else knows does . ''
` ` you are the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time . ''
it would be the thing that would finally let dad retire and leave the company in my hands .
this could be just the thing i needed .
at first i thought the whole thing must have been a dream .
she was supposed to have gone with them , but it was yet another thing barry had screwed up .
dios , next thing she 'd be writing mrs . lorelei mackenzie in her math book .
she had a sudden vision of what liam would look like first thing in the morning , lying on the pillow next to hers .
it 's the first and last thing i see every day . ''
` ` i was so worried about you that night you had the peanut allergy thing and your boyfriend asked me to stay with you , i did n't get a good look at him . ''
one thing liam had n't missed pretending to be a regular guy was people fawning over him hoping to get something .
the woman who was the best thing to ever happen to him was sobbing uncontrollably , holding her arms around herself as though she 'd been kicked and punched in the gut .
sophia had never seen such blatant affection - was it a rare thing or did she just not know the right kind of people ?
it could have been her imagination , because the next thing she knew she woke up near enough naked in her bed .
he said it had been a one - off thing and he 'd learned his lesson and would never do drugs again ... but he did . ''
i believe now that you could be the best thing to happen to her .
` ` you 'll probably see a lot of that sort of thing . ''
then , first thing monday morning , insist that he accept her resignation , effective immediately .
he was on his way to find out what the problem was with haley and believed she would be back on the job the first thing tomorrow morning .
i have to attend a charity thing at one of the museums tomorrow evening and i need a date .
the first thing in the morning , he 'd let her know he regretted the way things had gone the evening before .
i 'll be with you throughout this whole thing . ''
she should have known when zach forsythe showed up first thing this morning that it was going to be one of those days .
standing beside arielle , he told his driver , ` ` take ray schaffer , my head of security , drive to the ranch first thing tomorrow morning and bring back my suv .
and why she 'd been afraid that the same thing that happened to her mother had happened to her - that although the man she loved was fond of her , he could n't love her .
the last thing she wanted was to go back alone to the big empty bed across the hall .
effective the first thing tomorrow morning she was going to resign her position as farm manager and find employment elsewhere .
` ` it 's not an easy thing for me to admit , but all of my adult life i ' ve been afraid to risk my heart , afraid to love .
` ` luther , find out who we know in the louisville city government and get them to open the clerk 's office first thing tomorrow morning so the kids can get their license . ''
her stomach was growling and that was the last thing she wanted to have happen to her up on stage .
another thing that sergio was very aware of was that he had n't seen mandi ever since her mother passed away .
` ` i do n't know for certain , but there is one thing i do know .
i can put up with the surprise thing , which i truly was by the way , in order to keep you safe from the shark that i ' ve brought to this studio . ''
the next thing i knew , both marshall and i were standing up and i was peeling my tank and shorts off as fast as i could .
that was the sexiest damn thing that i ' ve ever seen , very arousing . ''
the next thing i knew marshall was picking me up by the waist and setting me on the kitchen island , giving me a sexy wink right afterward .
he found out one thing ; when it came to katherine he could n't simply walk away .
i ca n't stomach going back there for a while , some horrible things happened at rosie 's farm .
one thing he was n't prepared for was katherine 's love .
the worst thing that could happen would be his cheek stinging for the day from another quick slap from emily .
parker had the whole thing figured out .
my friend was out at the property first thing this morning .
first thing in the morning , i 'll bring you some fresh clothes and take you to see her . ''
the last thing matthew and chloe wanted was the evening to end .
` ` chloe , there 's a thing called taxes . ''
` ` yeah , well maybe that 'll be the best thing that can happen to me . ''
i ' m even willing to plan the entire thing .
i ' m more than willing to bring you here myself , but trust me , that 'll be the most unpleasant thing you 'll ever go through . ''
the job came in last thing today .
he 'd been too overwhelmed with the whole ` ` fucking kimberly at last '' thing .
but before her mind could rationalize the whole thing , her head was nodding .
or the dress thing .
` ` i told you , he was in prison when we had our ... thing .
then she took him in the hot , wet cavern of her mouth , and it was the most amazing thing he had ever experienced .
` ` we 're having a thing . ''
` ` you know a ... thing .
she 'd felt the exact same thing when she 'd been in the sights of a sniper 's rifle in afghanistan .
her father was hurt , he could n't fly up to new york , her job was on hold , sam had ... she skipped that part about the kiss ... .the last thing she remembered was watching sam as he discussed something on his cell phone .
with a secret smile , she realized that drew walking out on her had been the best thing that ever happened to her .
chapter 11 victor called her first thing in the morning while she was making her coffee and pouring a bowl of cereal , her mind dreamily working through a funny conversation in her book .
the same thing happened at the other two and lana had to concede that his points about the apartments were valid .
unfortunately , the same thing happened with all the apartments she showed him .
` ` i suppose we ' ve just been playing at this whole thing , have n't we ?
she thought this kind of thing was reserved for the team and sports reporters but she pretended to take it all in stride , but she moved closer to hector , feeling more secure with his heat and strength beside her .
` ` i raised myself , '' he said as if that were the most obvious thing in the world .
his powers of persuasion were ... .okay , they were probably more powerful to her because of that chemistry thing going on between them .
` ` i will make sure he receives it first thing this morning , miss . ''
` ` it 's a rare thing that someone can cause james to be speechless . ''
dennis had never been a very nice person but telling him that she was quitting without notice first thing in the morning , when she was due to arrive for her day shift in less than an hour , was not conducive to an easy or friendly conversation .
` ` well , the thing is , that many of us have tried to get helen to go out with us , '' he started off , only to stop when he saw dimitri 's eyes become even more forbidding .
` ` michael is doing extremely well , sleeping throughout the night only to ask for food first thing this morning . ''
the next thing she knew , she was on his lap , his hand dislodging the pins in her hair as he grabbed her and kissed her as if there were no tomorrow .
next thing he knew , he was stuffing her back into his car and driving her home .
he asked , knowing he wanted the same thing with julianna .
he 'd never let go like that before and damn if he did n't want the same thing to happen again .
she 'd been there through the whole thing , had listened to riata 's digs , countering the woman 's criticisms and rennata was never afraid to snap back at her daughter in law when sasha was trying to play nice .
each slide showed her the exact same thing and she sighed with frustration when the last slide revealed that nothing had changed .
first thing in the morning , all the databases would be loaded and , when this hacker tried again , he 'd have the location of where they were downloading the data within seconds .
` ` there 's no such thing as bad publicity , '' claire warned , giving darcy a hug before getting into her car and driving away .
next thing i know , some guy calls me up explaining that he was opening a new night club , asking me if i could show up .
` ` that has got to be the sexiest thing i ' ve ever experienced , '' he said just as his mouth took her earlobe , biting gently .
as zeke surveyed the man 's bloodshot eyes , the spot of blood on his collar and the florid cheeks , things started to fall into place .
whatever horrible thing she had lurking in her past , it could n't be that bad .
i ' m sure it was an awful thing that kept him from your side . ''
obviously other people on the plane saw the same thing .
the next thing she knew , sam was moving over her , his manhood sliding inside her center and the tide started all over again .
` ` because i want to see where you live , '' he said as if it were the most normal thing in the world .
this budget has to get out first thing monday morning . ''
she shared her love of her country with her family , wished that her parents were still alive to see their only son married , but knew that life went on and things happened .
she heard jamal next to her talking about one thing or another , but she was n't really listening , too tired by this point .
he did n't obey the rules , he was too large , and there was something about his closeness that was making her stomach do that quivery thing that she did n't like .
as they drove through the city , she noticed the same thing she 'd seen from the air .
she definitely did n't want to eat with hussan so finding him standing here , in her bedroom , looking so handsome and male and overwhelming made her heart race and her knees do that wobbly thing once again .
she immediately turned back , but brett realized the same thing at the same time .
and the awful thing about it was , she would be there .
she wanted to be at the bank first thing to close everything down .
the only thing thomas heard was that she had a fiance .
` ` i think having babies would be a wonderful thing to try , '' victoria retorted .
maybe that was all there was to this thing she was feeling for sal .
the only thing that stopped them was adam 's father coming in to pick each of them up , carrying one boy under each of his arms , then carried them to two separate dining room chairs for a time - out .
` ` i thought you did n't want to go to that thing last night , '' he said , a huge grin on his face .
what a ridiculous thing to call a sport issue - or whatever it was .
that 's a totally shitty thing to believe . ''
the next thing she knew , she was on her knees and mykolas had adjusted the height of his stool so his c**k would be on the same level as her face .
now , it was one of the most used rooms in the house because mykolas liked having her as breakfast before the actual thing .
so she pouted some more and the next thing she knew , mykolas was cupping her face again and kissing her hard .
the last thing i remember is mr . moretti swearing as he reaches for me .
it 's the worst thing someone in my chosen career could be .
i ' m sure those things take place occasionally in real life , too , but let 's just say that it 's my luck to get that one billionaire in the world who also happens to be a cold - blooded werewolf .
it was impossible for her brain to work when he was this close , holding her -- - and then the next thing she knew , domenico was setting her out of the car .
` ` and honestly , i do n't want the same thing in our office to happen here .
possibly the most intriguing thing that happened was when the castellano pack leader went to domenico and offered his condolences .
misty gasped , and the sound was the most beautiful thing he had heard for a long time .
` ` i just want to -- - '' she let out a little cry when he moved with lightning speed , and the next thing she knew he had roughly pulled her inside while slamming the door shut .
` ` after the tour , i 'll go straight to you , darl -- - '' the last thing staffan saw was constantijin kissing yanna as his friend reached for his wife 's ipad to end the call .
they realized one thing at the same time .
the truth saffi had tried to blind herself to was now out in the open , and it was the scariest thing that ever happened in her life .
the next thing she knew , she was in staffan 's arms , staring up at his glittering eyes as he sang .
here was yet another moment of deja vu , and yet another thing she did n't know if she should be happy about or not .
she expected the girl to get mad , perhaps even cry , but the only thing this one did was look at her steadily with clear blue eyes .
` ` i do n't want to have any f**king thing to do with you anymore .
` ` the other thing i was telling you about -- -well , we ca n't handle being kept as a secret .
and brittany sr . did manage to rip my gown off , but i sort of popped something of hers , and the next thing i knew silicone gel had exploded on three of us .
the next thing i knew , drake was hissing in pain as the burning hot liquid poured down on him , leaving a brown stain on his white polo .
` ` and there 's not a dang thing wrong with my face . ''
` ` thing is , sweetheart , you 're so damn hot that there 's no way i 'd ever be warm enough to touch you . ''
maybe it would be for the best if this was a one - time thing .
and the only thing that happened was exactly what should have happened .
as if it were the most natural thing in the world , she lay her head on his chest .
okay make meeting her daddy the second most shocking and scary thing ever .
the last thing she saw in her watery vision was louis staring after her , his body all dejected .
but he lingered in his daughter 's room , not wanting to miss a thing his little princess did .
` ` my assistant wo n't be there , but it 's only a schmooze - and - booze type thing . ''
he had been perfectly unaffected by her response , like he did this type of thing all the time .
he would n't put it past his agent or his father to pay someone or someones to stage the entire thing .
` ` you know , the whole knife thing , then the palm trees , '' she added , making a little face .
` ` the florence nightingale thing you told me about . ''
` ` thing is , deep down inside , you know you 'll never be good enough for her . ''
the next thing she knew his hands were around her upper arms and he 'd propelled her against a tree .
` ` if that was n't the dumbest thing i 'd ever seen on t.v . , i do n't know what is , '' luke said to zoe .
he must have fallen asleep standing up , because the next thing he knew , rose was calling his name .
the next thing he knew , ivy had sucked down half of the formula and soft snores were coming from the direction of the couch .
she leaned her head against his shoulder as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
` ` that would be the last thing i 'd be ashamed about . ''
the only thing she found was a half - burnt chest of jewels and pictures in her room .
only she did n't want the memory , she wanted the real thing .
this was the first time he 'd ever attempted to cook for her , and for someone who cooked for others all the time , it was the sweetest thing ever .
` ` i ' m going for the smite thy best friend 's no good , rat bastard of an ex - boyfriend that keeps bothering her with texts months after the break - up type of thing .
` ` best thing ever when zoe and my brother decided not to get married .
apparently to the people who knew sebastian that was the same thing as a preacher deciding to streak down the aisle in the middle of a church service .
i bet that menage thing y' all will have going on will make headlines . ''
maybe the entire thing had been a dream .
next thing she knew , he had her in his arms , kissing her hard , and sliding his fingers deep inside of her .
the next thing she knew , her back was hitting the mattress and liam was crawling up her body , his hands working together to make her wild .
` ` please come by my office first thing monday morning .
a hell of a thing , sage thought , when a man envied his dog .
it had been a small ceremony , only friends and family , and somehow that had made the whole thing more special .
her heart did the flippy thing again as she realized just what an amazing man she 'd fallen in love with .
after all , it was n't as if she had a lot of experience with this sort of thing .
` ` it 's the most incredible thing .
the one thing she did n't see was someone to tell her where to go now that she was here .
birthdays , baby showers , housewarming , that sort of thing , '' she said .
best thing that ever happened to me , i swear .
if there was one good thing to come out of this whole ordeal then it was that he was shown what was really important in life , before he became too old to make changes .
i tried to get out of it , but it 's a charity thing and it was strongly suggested we attend . ''
i had to have you ... . '' ` ` so , that was just a one - time thing then ? ''
this was a spur of the moment kinda thing .
this had been a constant thing as of late .
the only thing that i ' m afraid of is if chad tries to pull another stunt and succeeds the next time .
his call did n't surprise me due to the occurrence being pretty much the only thing the employees discussed ever since it had all happened . ''
` ` you saw the whole thing ? ''
it was the sexiest thing i had ever seen .
upon entering the room , camilla 's lifeless body was the first thing i saw then gareth 's body , faced down with a pool of blood .
he was the only thing i had seen .
fighting with your own heart could be the worst thing anyone could ever go through - apart from dying , i supposed .
i had an idea , but nothing came close , not a bloody thing .
watching the man i loved hurt when there was nothing i could do to ease his agony , was the worst thing i had ever witnessed in my life .
she gave me a knowing look , shaking her head as if it was the saddest thing .
i saw him flinch , as if it was the last thing he wanted because it was coming from me .
one thing i had realized in madrid after seeing him with the baby - i was done pretending that my world did n't exist for him .
the week after was my finals , ignoring and declining invitations from my friends had become a constant thing .
and as much as i adored them and wanted to share this new development with them all , i felt that i needed to be sure first , that this was going to be a permanent thing and not a momentary fleeting reconciliation , before announcing to my friends and family that i was back with him .
you know , that kind of thing . ''
it has this crazy thing where the car is speeding around the raceway , but it 's totally silent .
` ` but i know a good thing when i see it . ''
her palms turned clammy , and her stomach did that floaty , shimmy thing again .
if rick thought he could he could force logan 's hand , he had another thing coming .
it all added up to one thing .
` ` it was an impromptu thing .
his fist was the last thing she saw before her skull exploded .
or was this a one - time thing ? ''
` ` i had the whole thing set up ahead of time , had the exits guarded , a few of our guys waiting in the parking lot in case butch made a break for it .
i know a good thing when i ' ve found it . ''
he was the best thing that had happened to her years .
clearly , he was used to this sort of thing .
` ` when does this thing start ? ''
he smiled at me as if this was the most normal thing in the world .
i mean - this is not ; i ' m not trained for this sort of thing .
what i would say , what they would look like ... when i saw myself doing this , i did n't see a bunch of fucking reporters documenting the whole thing . ''
` ` i do n't have a card , '' she said , as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
and the last thing julian wanted was madeleine still hanging around with stars in her eyes after camille had come and gone .
the only thing it would get her was some serious heartbreak time .
that 's the worst thing that could happen .
` ` there is such a thing as bad publicity .
the last thing she wanted andre to think was that she could n't handle his world .
she drew in a deep sigh , then said , ` ` well , i suppose there 's one good thing that can come from this . ''
the main thing ... '' andre perched his finger in the air .
` ` she knows a good thing when she sees it . ''
nick supposed this sort of thing went on at hang ten in the employee lounge behind the supply room .
it was far too surreal to consider that he could allow this sort of thing to happen .
if it was n't one thing , it was another .
' then first thing tomorrow morning . '
' sometimes things happen for a reason - a time , a place , a meeting which no one can foresee - and it is a huge mistake to deny it any significance .
i think it 's still the natural thing for most women to go with the man they love .
there is no such thing , not in your culture nor mine .
the next thing i knew i was being carried into a hospital . '
one thing led to another with the strangest results .
one thing she did n't want was a failed marriage .
you work out where you 'd like to hang the ulysses on the tree , and we 'll do it first thing on saturday morning . ''
' it was just a once only thing , dad .
first thing monday morning her resignation would be on his desk .
and lucy 's fevered mind clutched his words , nursing them as though they were a promise of more than just sex between them - a promise of continuity , of value that went beyond a fleeting physical thing .
one thing he did n't do was waste his life , playing everything safe . '
her love for their son was a beautiful thing to see .
' i swear it was a one - off thing , rene .
you 're the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time . '
' your family seems to think i ' m the best thing that 's ever happened to you .
' first thing tomorrow , nonno , ' he promised .
' a one - off thing for both of us . '
' i 'll put it to liz first thing in the morning .
not just a fleeting thing of the moment ?
everything but sally was totally meaningless to him - this once - beautiful girl , whose life with their father he 'd resented , this now - beautiful and wonderful woman he counted as the best thing that had ever happened to him .
and the last thing she thought was the baby !
perhaps it is a thing all rich men do .
watching him pleasure me is the most unexpectedly erotic thing i have experienced .
i am required to idle away my days , but idling alone in a sumptuous flat , i am quickly realizing , is no easy thing .
i want to tell him that i have never experienced such a thing before .
it seems a strange thing to ask .
' funny thing that , but yes i was . '
but here is the most surprising thing of all : blake barrington has never told her otherwise . '
' i tell you , miss bloom , it was the oddest thing .
i nod , but the whole thing is surreal .
and i note the most surprising thing of all .
at that moment the strangest thing happens .
' funny thing that , but yes . '
then the oddest thing happens .
the only thing i am afraid of in this life is losing you .
not even death will do us part sort of thing , ' billie says .
' she 's so fat she tripped and fell on her own , ' one of the boys says cheerfully , and they all laugh as if it is the funniest thing they have heard in years .
' but once enlisted an amazing thing happened to these men .
the funny thing was the elderly couple took a few in the chest and head and did not even flinch or duck as the balls hit them .
we might end up talking about that terrible thing that i did to blake 's slut .
' do you know this might have been the best thing that 's ever happened to me , after all ? '
and then an odd thing happens .
' and what a lucky thing i am . '
` ` that was a nasty thing to think about me , '' she said , ignoring his complaint , ` ` and even nastier to say . ''
so this would be just one more thing to miss .
` ` but while they burn , it 's an amazing thing . ''
her daughter was the best thing that had ever happened to casey .
this whole thing was supposed to be anonymous , remember .
` ` the funny thing is , i hear a baby crying in the background while casey and i are chatting . ''
if anyone in his family came upstairs for any reason , that would be the first thing they spotted .
and this one was such a triumphant thing , such a one - in - a - million shot , that she wanted to shout , to laugh , to cry .
` ` the models will arrive first thing in the morning , and you can do the shoot on the beach .
` ` the only thing that hurts is when you hold back .
it was a hard thing to accept help , especially since it meant also accepting that you could be replaced .
` ` what we shared , neither of us thought to be a permanent thing .
` ` yeah , that 's the kind of thing we should see all year . ''
` ` so the first thing you noticed about him was that he was rich ? ''
this kind of thing did n't happen to him .
` ` but , '' dee continued , ` ` you do n't know a good thing when you trip over it . ''
coming from money was n't always the happy thing that most people imagined it would be .
` ` i saw the whole thing .
` ` okay , the thing is , looks like i ' m getting married . ''
` ` it 's a temporary thing .
his body erupted into hers , and the sound of her voice shouting his name was the best thing he 'd ever heard .
he recognized it , because the same thing was happening to him .
that was one thing she never wanted to go through .
this was the best thing that had ever happened to her .
` ` every damn thing that 's happened over the last two years . ''
you wo n't last a month before you 'll be off running with bulls or some other crazy thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing , '' colt muttered .
the only thing i do n't know is when . ''
` ` the only thing that would have been different , '' con added , slapping his twin on the shoulder , ` ` is that you would have died , too .
now , the only terrifying thing i can imagine is having to live without you . ''
and one thing jericho king never did was break his word .
the slightest thing set me off .
but this thing with daisy , it 's different . ''
` ` fire chief thinks it was an electrical thing .
the following night , fate handed her the ultimate chance , and jenny took full advantage of it : she had just stepped outside with brenna , intending to tell arik they wished to stroll about the perimeter of the tent - the area they were now restricted to for exercise -when two things simultaneously occurred to jenny : the first was that arik and the black wolf 's guards were more than twenty - five yards away , momentarily occupied with some sort of fight which had broken out among the men ; the second was that , far off on her left , the earl had turned and was watching jennifer and brenna closely .
a clash between henry 's men and his was the last thing on earth royce wanted to happen , particularly now .
jenny asked , peering worriedly in the direction of his gaze , unable to see a single thing out of the ordinary .
she had turned to accompany jenny , and so she did not see the odd thing that happened to arik 's face , but nearly everyone else at the table noticed , and they gaped in fascination .
the last thing whitney wanted to do was admit to anyone that she 'd been foolish enough to go into the garden with a man whom she was now certain she 'd never met before .
` ` pain , '' he snapped at her as they passed by the butler , ` ` like love , is a thing to be shared . ''
in the city , she had seen the face of widespread poverty and hunger - things that had seemed rare in the country .
` ` i intend to report langford 's conduct to his mama , first thing in the morning !
` ` it was the most diverting thing i ' ve seen in thirty years !
the last thing i remember , before i woke up in the earl 's house with my head in bandages , was that he 'd met me at the ship and told me lord burleton was dead . ''
` ` the worst thing imaginable has happened ! ''
` ` the very worst thing ? ''
` ` the thing is that stephen would n't believe anything sherry says without proof .
it 's a lucky thing i finally stopped growing before i became a giant !
the one thing he did n't realize was that the girls and boys who attended st . stephen 's were not the virtuous little beings they 'd seemed to be that day .
it 's a pitiful thing to watch .
and then the last thing that he expected occurred .
the thing was , it was damned hard to remember how young meredith actually was .
the only thing he actually found a little hard to believe was that the sophisticated young heiress he 'd met at the country club , the bewitching blonde who drank champagne cocktails and handled herself with smiling poise , was actually curled up beside him , asleep in his arms , his baby sheltered inside her .
` ` i ' ve been wandering around this building for a couple of weeks now , while you ' ve been busy doing your job down in human resources , and i could n't help noticing one little thing . ''
` ` matt was very cooperative that day at lunch -until he got the phone call about the southville rezoning thing .
you could be superstitiously fearing the same thing will happen again . ''
there 's one more little thing i did n't mention about last night . ''
` ` suppose you had an eighteen - year - old daughter whom you 'd sheltered from every reality and ugly thing in life .
` ` i want it first thing in the morning ! ''
you 're an extremely intelligent and intuitive girl who 'll know a good thing when she finds it . ''
when he looked baffled , julie hastened to explain , ` ` you see , he 'd been so sheltered by his mother that he 'd been dreaming of going to school like ordinary children , but the thing was , neither the other students nor the teachers were treating him as if he was ordinary . ''
anyway , she tripped and fell , and benedict landed on top of her and the next thing i knew they was neckin ' .
` ` do n't try it , '' she said , choking on a laugh , ` ` i ' m warning you- '' zack lunged , she twisted suddenly , tangling her leg around the back of his knee , jerking hard and up , and the next thing he knew , he was toppling backward in slow motion again , flapping his arms like a wounded goose , trying to regain his balance .
either way , she realized one thing : he 'd been exactly right when he said to concentrate only on enjoying the present and creating memories for the future .
` ` what are you going to do if the only thing she 's guilty of is sleeping with benedict ? ''
the only thing that was wrong was that zack went to jail for it . ''
the next thing i knew , diana was crying her heart out . ''
` ` in case you have n't had a television set on yet , you may as well know that what happened in mexico last night is all over every news program on the air this morning , complete with videotapes of the whole thing provided by vacationers who had minicams with them in the airport .
the only thing she lied to you about was being pregnant .
one thing , you said you ' ve been together for years , but from what i heard him say just now , you apparently do n't live together .
furthermore , the last thing on earth that caroline wanted was for billy to be left alone in the world , so there was no chance she 'd ever consider taking her own life .
this whole thing does n't look like coincidence to me ; it looks like payback . ''
shaking her head at her stupidity , she finished , was so insane about you that none of that mattered , except for the one thing that i could n't invent an excuse for . ''
` ` now then , '' he said , smiling reassuringly into her enormous blue - green eyes as he matched his actions to his words , ` ` a kiss is a thing to be shared .
however it was done , it could n't be a dreadful thing , because english couples obviously did it often enough to keep the country 's population growing .
her eyes opened , and what he saw in their glowing blue depths stilled his hand and made it tremble - he saw the same thing that had made his body tremble when she kissed and touched him : all the love in the universe was shining in her eyes .
` ` carriages coming back from the park - the same thing i see every day . ''
but the one thing he had never imagined - even in his worst nightmares about the possible complications associated with his return - was that some misguided sense of honor might cause tony to feel duty - bound to marry jordan 's poor widow .
it was exactly the sort of thing she would have expected from a notorious flirt ; no doubt she was supposed to melt at his feet now .
` ` people are betting on a thing like that ? ''
` ` the only accidental thing about it was the victim .
` ` the thing is , when charise said earlier today that ian thornton was really going to be here , we were all up in the boughs about it .
` ` there 's one small thing i ought to warn you about , '' she added hesitantly .
alex ultimately convinced elizabeth that perhaps a bit of competition would be the thing to bring him around .
some little thing i say or do will rip open your scar from this , and i wo n't know why you 're angry or hurt or mistrustful .
i help him with office tasks and that sort of thing . ''
especially since carolson witnessed the whole thing .
that we were both reacting to some crazy thing deep within ourselves , and not responding to each other .
taking notes about every little thing .
mr . haymore might implode , of course , but i hear people can get over that sort of thing .
and what about this thing with ward ?
is it just longing for that thing that calder has with his fiancee ?
i ' m pretty sure there 's a formula for this sort of thing .
next thing i know , i ' m bent over the rosemary , puking my guts out .
` ` i remember her saying at one point that it was the best thing that could ' ve happened to her because it made her see the world differently .
the only thing she was aware of was his callused hand on her shoulder , his lips on hers .
the whole thing felt surreal to her , like she 'd stepped into another reality .
the only thing sara saw were trees , trees , and more trees .
so far she 'd managed to miss the entire thing .
sara 's complained about the same thing , too . ''
that sort of thing .
the one thing i did n't want to happen had happened !
one thing i ' m grateful for is that i can read people very well , courtesy of my brother .
first thing monday morning , marcus contacted dr . lee 's office , and after intense negotiations , we were scheduled for that evening .
` ` what 's this spa thing i ' m hearing about ? ''
how i went on jobs for that fucking bastard , lou , wishing that if i did n't live one more day , the last thing i would hope for was to see lou gasping for air as my hands were wrapped tightly around his neck , squeezing the life out of him .
the one thing i never expected was a deluca brother backing down , especially you , jimmie . ''
` ` you never told me what this thing is that we 're going to tonight . ''
` ` the only thing that pops into my head would be a competitor , but they would n't have struck this early in the season or after a rain .
that 's not the kind of thing you keep secret . ''
` ` i packed my stuff and had it by the door so i could get out of there first thing this morning .
one thing led to another and we started seeing each other .
it sounds like a great gig , but the whole thing is so rushed .
i ' m sure i feel it shattering into a million pieces as i stand here witnessing the one thing i was so afraid of .
she 's doing that thing again where she 's searching my face .
there 's one thing i know for certain .
sex was the last thing i thought i 'd be having while traveling from town to town , so i ' m lucky i managed to have this matching set .
` ` i want you to suck me right here until the only thing i can do is scream because i ' m coming so hard . ''
i purposely waited until after dessert was served so this very thing would n't happen .
she , chloe , and emma will probably plan the whole thing if you 'll let them . ''
i sneak to the window and try to look inside but ca n't see a thing behind the blinds except for the dim glow of the bedside lamp .
it 's probably the best thing that could ' ve happened to the two of you .
` ` i think a little pregame show is in order so we savor the real thing later .
that 's the last thing i remember until we arrive at the apartment and jack henry attempts to gather me so he can carry me inside .
` ` i 'd hoped the same thing but she is n't .
i almost think i see his chest inflate , like some sort of pride thing about his boys being able to swim hard enough to impregnate me on the first try .
i ' m pretty sure my eyes must be rolling back in my head because i ca n't see a thing .
one thing i do know ?
that 's the only thing i ' m sure about . ''
in fact , that was what ameliorated this mess , the one thing she was looking forward to .
she was the best thing that had ever happened to him .
and the mention of mel had been the only thing to make him tense since they 'd gotten married , to make him even testy and irritated .
the gregarious rose eyed him back with open appreciation and murmured to gwen for all to hear , ` ` so incredible things do come to those who wait , eh , sweetie ? ''
beyond the tragedies that had sheared through her life and heart , that was the worst thing that could have happened to her .
ca n't be ryan because fareed is the best thing that has ever happened to him , present company included . ''
` ` the one thing rose mentioned was that a tragedy befell gwen around the same time her ex - husband died .
she 'd been the best thing that had ever happened to him , too , his life 's first absolute intimacy .
` ` and then mom always said it was the best thing that happened to all of us that he walked .
and , oh , why was n't his voice the one thing to shatter the perfection ?
and the best and unprecedented thing was that it was him who got to her , not who he was .
it was one thing he 'd find out her secrets from a security report , another that she 'd tell him her story herself , in words she 'd never tried to formulate - and see pity or even distaste forming in his eyes .
the last things malek remembered before he surrendered to exhaustion was soaking up janaan 's softness and warmth , filling his lungs with her scent and feeling his every nerve humming with the pleasure of her nearness .
so there was such a thing as torture by arousal .
she realized one thing at once .
` ` what we shared , not only making love but everything we shared , every second of it , was the best thing that has ever happened to me .
which was a stupid thing to feel and think .
it was the most macabre thing he 'd ever seen .
the one thing that had any context was when she offered him breakfast .
about every momentous and inconsequential thing that had happened once she 'd discovered her pregnancy .
she felt sick at heart , at the whole thing , was afraid she 'd be sick for real .
` ` hada ajmal ma ra'ait wa ah'sast - the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen , felt . ''
of course , that would be a stress relief from a professional perspective - and should have been one i welcomed wholeheartedly - but i had to admit his pursuit of me was the most exciting thing that had happened to me in a while .
` ` well , there is one weird thing .
we go through the same thing over and over again . ''
it was a hell of a thing to do to your loved ones .
it was a hell of a thing to do to his sister , caroline .
the next thing i knew , he was turned around and kneeling in front of me .
it was the last thing i heard before i opened the front door and stepped outside .
there 's a mixed martial arts thing going on out back .
` ` are birds your favorite thing to draw ? ''
` ` thing is , '' hunter said .
you know , rampage , iceman , that kind of thing . ''
had she been listening to the whole thing ?
i giggled , wondering if such a thing was possible .
after bombing a test yesterday because i was so upset i could n't read properly , it was looking like the same thing would happen again .
away from hunter , the one happy thing i found at arrowhart .
` ` what 's the last thing you remember ? ''
` ` i swear you 're taking this thing as a call for help , '' she said with a laugh .
the whole thing 's a blur . ''
` ` well , thing is ... after i got knocked out at that fight , i applied for a leave of absence .
` ` wow , this thing 's coming up .
it 's not just some far off thing that might happen to me , now it 's f**king real . ''
i did n't want the same thing to happen to me .
the next thing i knew i was hoisted into the air over the guy 's shoulder .
she made it sound like this was a regular thing for him .
jax 's kiss was one thing .
if this was how i was feeling as the movie started , how was i going to sit through the whole thing ?
` ` and that thing yesterday with kev was , '' he started , but then took a deep breath and shook his head , ` ` it was stupid .
chapter three the morning after the next thing i knew , i was sitting up in bed , coughing .
` ` if just one thing had gone wrong ... '' i shuddered .
she was the best thing that had ever happened to me - and i was n't going to lose her now .
and if there 's one thing i can control about this shitty situation , then i ' m going to do it .
but beyond that , beyond the laughter and the light , there was the same thing i 'd seen that night in the viper .
all noise around me disappeared , the laughter of alyssa and jc no longer registering in my awareness , and all that was left was the sound of my heart beating in my ears and norma 's voice telling me the thing i dreaded most - ben had tried to kill himself .
jc and i had clearly had a wham , bam , one - time thing .
next thing i knew , he was perched over me , his arms braced on the back of the couch , caging me in .
why this specific thing i did n't know was surprising was beyond me .
the funny thing was that , now that i 'd started talking , i actually wanted to keep on talking .
watching him like this , with his head between my legs , his eyes glued to mine as he cherished my most private parts with his tongue - it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
one thing i 'd learned in our weeks together - the man had n't been lying when he said he never slept .
funny thing , though .
thank god that my schedule was screwed , or i would have slept through the whole thing .
jc smirked at me tenderly - was that a thing ?
i did n't know if the thing preventing him from telling me his secrets was real or imagined , but ideas popped into my head .
if there were such a thing as an emotional climax , i had one .
what could be the worst thing that happened ?
the next thing she knew , micah had pulled her from her seat to the dark recesses of the hall behind them .
first thing tomorrow she would lodge a complaint .
` ` then i 'll tell him first thing the next time i see him .
i just ran to your trailer first thing after wrap and grabbed your key .
` ` maybe i should go to beaumont 's thing after all . ''
had the whole thing been a ruse to get him to her room ?
i want it to mean we have a chance at something real - maybe the first real thing i ' ve ever had .
one thing she knew for certain - she would n't get him fired from the plays .
he knew brian had been trying to contact me , probably realized the estrangement was a recent thing .
next thing i knew , i was on the floor , hudson hovering over me as he tore at my thong , ripping the flimsy thing off of me .
we have a thing tonight .
it 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
it was a strange thing to move me , but it did .
` ` but i 'll tell you what , and i ca n't prove any of this , but i 'd bet my life that the whole thing was a set - up .
even though i was ready to forget every bad thing that had transpired between us , i understood that if we did n't fix things first , we could never last .
it was a ridiculous thing to promise .
` ` i want him on the phone first thing tomorrow . ''
i must have fallen asleep leaning against hudson , because the next thing i knew , we were stopped and he was gently nudging me .
oh yes , i watched it several times , i could reenact the whole thing for you by now if you wanted . ''
` ` except this one thing in my past . ''
i placed mine in it automatically , as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
` ` the whole thing seems really fun .
hudson had arranged the whole thing , including an open bar .
the whole thing might have been fun if my plus one was there .
the worst thing you could ... i ca n't even ... i ca n't breathe ... '' i leaned over , placing my palms on my thighs , trying to get air into my lungs .
i did still love him through this horrible , f**ked up thing he 'd done to me .
well , another night of crying was n't the worst thing in the world .
my face must have given away my thoughts because next thing i knew , liesl had crawled onto the bed and wrapped her arms around me in a giant girlfriend hug .
i 'd been a little afraid of the same thing .
my plan to let him back into my life had been much simpler and less drastic - like a dinner and a movie type of thing .
then the strangest thing happened - a wave of grief rolled through me like a bout of nausea .
i 'll take my time when i f**k her and it wo n't be just a one - time thing .
but that 's not a fair thing to want .
first thing wednesday morning , i receive a report from jordan .
it 's a shitty thing to take joy in , but i ' m not triumphing in her setbacks .
it taints every wonderful thing that has happened here in the hamptons this weekend with alayna .
one thing i can say for sure - the two of us have to work on our communication .
i need her like this , need to blot out the horrible thing i just did with the beautiful thing that we are together .
i 'd had jordan find her contact information first thing on the day after i learned about the video .
funny that i was supposed to be in recovery from that very thing .
the next thing i knew i was rushing to hospital in an ambulance .
one minute she was carrying luis 's beautiful baby , the next thing she knew she was- she shrugged his hands away .
it was the single sexiest thing she 'd seen in a long time .
` ` i think she just knows a good thing when she sees it , '' dylan said defiantly .
chapter thirteen dylan 's pa had called first thing , arranging for michaela to be collected from her hotel after work .
` ` the only thing is that i have to pick up my brother at georgetown sunday morning and move him back home , so i ca n't stay out too late tomorrow . ''
maybe they just want to spend time with you before the fundraiser thing . ''
i found that getting him all worked up was about the most empowering , flat - out most arousing thing i had ever experienced .
it 's probably the best thing that 's ever happened to them . ''
` ` i ' m having an allergy thing , '' i said , my voice catching .
` ` gabrielle , i ' ve got some news on that west six ten thing , '' jack began .
` ` well , i know one thing .
it was an occasional thing we did to let loose , like visiting conspiracy clubs and going on ufo hunts .
this kind of thing did n't really happen , did it ?
i knew why adam came to these places and the last thing i wanted to see was him picking up some other woman , but i did n't want him to see me sneaking out either .
` ` well , um , there 's this author party thing on saturday night at that club , inferno .
i think it was the hottest f**king thing i have ever seen .
` ` if they put somebody in here right after the dan mcguire thing , it could tip their guy off . ''
` ` before i go , there 's one other thing .
bickering is one thing , but not this . ''
the next thing i knew , the mothers were at the door too and i started getting nervous .
she breathed out sharply and started making this little keening noise that was probably the hottest thing i had ever heard when i slid my fingers deeper into all that hot , wet goodness and began teasing her pussy .
` ` oh yeah , that 's the really weird thing , '' caitlin said sitting back again .
lexi tried her best to ignore vincent , tried to date other guys , but the only time her heart did that crazy flip - flop thing was when she saw him .
lexi did n't even remember storming down the hall , but the next thing she knew , she was sitting behind her desk , clutching her blackberry so tightly that it was seconds away from crumbling into dust in her grip .
` ` i 'll be fired before my butt hits the seat of my fine italian leather chair first thing monday morning .
the only other thing that made sense was that she owed sean big time .
vincent 's smile made her stomach do that wonderful flip flop thing .
but first thing tomorrow , she would tell vincent everything and accept the fallout .
the next thing i know , i ' m talking to lexi , who is bitching me out for calling . ''
she 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me , anna . ''
the incredible thing is that i do trust you .
the funny thing was that lexi had been missing him too , terribly .
it was my pathet - '' she never had a chance to finish her sentence because the next thing she knew , vincent 's strong lips were pressed against hers , taking her breath away .
one thing led to another , we had sex , and now i was going to be late .
it was the one thing my dad looked forward to every year .
the one thing my mom hates is when people are late . ''
if only he knew mia 's visit was n't the only thing i had lied about .
the last thing i expected was for jackson to be in town .
` ` you ' ve been the best thing to happen to jackson .
i felt a prick on my skin and that was the last thing i remembered .
the sad thing is i thought we were friends , '' i said as i started to walk away .
that was last thing i heard .
it was just about the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
the only thing you did was make me feel amazing . ''
it was probably the best thing i 'd ever had , except for the earth - shattering orgasms ian gave me .
it was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
chapter 18 ian and rory seeing rory like that was the worst thing i 'd ever seen .
as he was examining it , the strangest thing came out of richard 's mouth .
what i do know is that you 're the best thing that has ever happened to my son .
i needed to call the doctor first thing tomorrow morning .
i needed to make him see that this baby was the best thing that happened to us .
it was the most amazing thing i 'd ever seen . ''
that 's the most romantic thing in the world . ''
seeing my son marry you is the best thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
` ` the funny thing is , that i did n't need the trust fund after that .
` ` that was the most beautiful thing i ever saw in my life . ''
i watched the whole thing and the look made my stomach turn .
i knew he owned the hotel , but did they really bother him with every little thing that went on in the hotel ?
the whole thing happened so fast , i just stood there looking at michael .
on other men , i would probably have found it to be rude , but when jack did it i thought it was the sexiest thing i had ever seen .
if the bus is n't fixed by first thing in the morning , we wo n't make it to the show .
` ` i could n't have asked for a better thing to happen .
for a stretch that existed outside time , it was as if the only thing that could happen was that he would surge toward her , that she would rush to meet him halfway .
same thing . ''
in fact , you would probably be the worst thing that could happen to castaldini right now . ''
i admit i let prejudices form my opinion of why you 'd be the worst thing that could happen to castaldini now .
which was a crazy thing to think .
i thought being punched black and blue was the worst thing that had happened to me , but now i know how hard you hit , i 'd be crazy if i came near you again .
and yet it felt like the only real thing she 'd ever experienced .
one thing brought her back to full focus .
she could be wrong , but what was the worst thing that could happen ?
it was the best thing that had ever happened to her .
that is the worst thing yet .
the minute we were alone , i turned on him , ranting that i hated him , that he was the reason for every horrible thing that had ever happened to me and that i 'd never come back .
she was praying one thing would happen when she did .
he shifted , brought her to her side facing him , kissed her deeply , leisurely , then whispered into her lips , ` ` this was , hands down , the best thing that has ever happened to me .
and not as a damage - control measure , but because being with her is the one thing i ' ve ever wanted for myself .
i thought living with my hopeless love was the worst thing that i 'd ever feel .
` ` then this is the best thing that ever happened to me , to see you marry the man you love .
` ` no such thing as enough sibling fights , '' amjad said , his very voice an incitement .
and knowing himself , that could only mean one thing .
every other possible thing . ''
that this was the one thing he would n't laugh at .
` ` there 's one thing i ca n't get over .
and she realized another thing .
you are the most w - wonderful thing ... that ever happened ... to me ... '' then she surrendered to oblivion in the safety of his arms .
in the dreamscape that claimed her at once , she thought she heard him say , ` ` it 's you who are the most wonderful thing that ever happened to me , ya habibati . ''
you are the most wonderful thing that ever happened to me ... .
` ` getting kidnapped was the best thing that ever happened to me . ''
` ` what a coincidence , since it turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to me . ''
` ` having you lost to pleasure is the most magnificent thing i ' ve ever experienced , '' he rumbled against her mouth as his fingers still stroked her , avoiding her sensitive bud , until he soothed her , then he changed direction and rhythm , had her climbing to mindlessness again .
but she realized one thing .
it was clear he understood what she meant now , the wickedness dawning in his eyes the most welcome thing she 'd ever seen , making her realize how brutally the minutes when it had all seemed to have gone wrong had hit her .
his time with her was the best thing that had ever happened to him .
` ` seems this was the only thing i was right about where you 're concerned .
` ` that is one thing i wo n't contest . ''
but there 'd been one thing she 'd learned from that ordeal .
and to a woman who 'd been mistress of her own fate for so long , that must be the scariest thing she 'd ever experienced .
the last thing she wanted was to go to vincenzo with swollen eyes and reddened nose .
` ` the last thing i expected coming here is that i 'd be standing with you , in the heart of aal masood territory , with us envying each other . ''
expecting kamal , as jala 's brother , to be offended - or at least to grill him about the nature of the ` ` thing '' he 'd had for jala - kamal surprised him again , a hint of a smile dawning .
everyone , including that old goat king hassan , looked happy with the whole thing .
` ` one more thing to thank the cats for , then , making me see you all much more frequently than i would have without them . ''
not even mohab , kamal and now aliyah , the people who loved her most , suspected there was a thing wrong with her .
once i became certain it was n't a passing thing , i was furious , then anxious , then lost .
she 'd thought he was the worst thing that could have happened .
now the first thing that occurred to her was that he 'd done something reprehensible .
the only thing it did n't explain was the way she 'd walked out on him .
her uncle 's delighted acceptance had been the last thing he 'd wanted .
` ` so what 's this inevitable thing ?
` ` i - i really ... really believed it would be the last thing you 'd want , to know you had a baby , from me .
that 's the best thing that has ever happened to them and i ca n't thank you enough on their behalf .
hearing him call her ` ` my princess '' before , not just princess was one thing .
` ` the ironic thing is , you did n't need to set me up .
` ` every moment with you was the only real thing i ever had ... '' her eyes suddenly filled with tears , suffocating him .
as they gaped at him throughout his account , one thing became indisputable .
as if it was the worst thing that had ever happened to her .
` ` the tragic thing is that i can see you actually doing that . ''
` ` oh , i ' m so sorry , i 'll get it cleaned first thing . ''
control freaks do this kind of thing , matt .
he just sat there at his desk , with a lugubrious expression on his face , as if this sort of thing happened to him all the time .
and the funny thing is my dick is n't even hard . ''
if there was one thing luis could not abide , it was taking advantage of minors and exploiting them for sexual purposes .
` ` i love this sort of thing . ''
he went down to the barn for the ladder , then remembered he 'd left it up against the side of the house , along with his tool belt , the day before so they would be there waiting for him first thing this morning .
` ` i did n't see a thing .
jase did n't rim him often , but when he did , it brought luis to a point of such complete submission the only thing he could concentrate on was spreading his legs wider .
even though this sort of thing happened to him all the time with men , he usually ignored their advances .
gage started sucking cory so fast and with so much pressure the only thing cory could do was fall back on the bed and moan out loud .
so please , whatever you do , do n't blame the poor guy and do n't ruin what might be a great lifetime with the right person just for this one little thing .
the nurse frowned and looked down at her soft running shoes and told gage she saw this sort of thing often and could never understand how someone could just run someone else over and leave them lying in the road .
` ` one thing led to another , and we wound up falling in love with each other . ''
the last thing i remember is hearing you two walk in here . ''
` ` what 's the last thing you remember before you heard us come into the barn ? ''
the only thing matthias could find was a bump on the back of jase 's head about the size of an egg .
i always wondered if that kind of thing really happened . ''
one thing led to another , we got to know them and genuinely liked them , and we would up fooling around with them the entire weekend . ''
` ` that 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the same thing happened to luis when hood closed his eyes to rinse soap out of his hair and luis tried to shove his finger up hood 's ass .
i want to see at least one fun thing this week , for a change . ''
and the delayed dinnertime turned out to be the best thing that could have happened that day .
` ` and two nights later , i saw almost the same thing on the news when an older man mistook the gas for the brake and went right through a drugstore window .
the last thing luis heard was when someone shouted , ` ` quick , call 911 .
it 's a thing guys do when they get horny and there are n't any girls to fool around with .
and i think , if nothing else , it 's the best thing most of us can hope for in our futures . ''
the only thing jase had mentioned at the reunion was the swimming accident happened sometime around graduation , at betsy 's house .
` ` i 'd like that , because first thing monday morning i want to look into adopting a child .
he was a competitive man by nature and succumbing to blackmail over the calendar was not an easy thing for him .
hours later , she knew she might have underestimated the whole thing .
okay , maybe that was the wrong thing to wish for in her parents ' home , but still ... brant settled back on the edge of the window seat , thankfully moving said nice ass from her view and asked , ` ` so tell me about the rest of your family . ''
her hand tangled in his hair without conscious thought and next thing she knew she was out of her chair and on his lap .
the whole thing seems strange to me .
the day had been nonstop busy and , truthfully , he had hidden like a coward in his office since embarrassing himself with emma first thing in the morning .
he thought maybe he had imagined the whole thing until he pulled beside her car at the light .
i realized after you left that the only thing i was really afraid of was loving and losing you .
the only thing she had n't taken into account was the fact that skates tended to roll even without you trying , and coupled with the incline on the sidewalk , things happened ... fast .
i saw the whole damn thing happen on my way . ''
` ` no , no , that 's the beauty of the whole thing .
according to jeff , he was pretty shaken up over the whole thing . ''
she could swim , so what was the worst thing that could happen ?
i saw the whole damn thing .
gage flopped forward onto the table , seeming to find the whole thing hilarious now that he was no longer the subject of conversation .
i ' m just gon na assume that this sudden bff thing that you were doing with ava had something to do with that . ''
of course , considering that he had always been a complete stuffed shirt , emma was the best thing to have ever happened to him .
what if by me being a coward , i let the same thing happen again ?
` ` when brant brought that letter to me years ago , the first thing i felt when i read it was anger .
even when i 'd been a sure thing , he 'd get me hot long before he took me to bed .
in truth , only one thing was out of the ordinary .
how can you be sure the same thing wo nt happen to the girl ?
ill win , but if i did nt , what s the worst thing that can happen ?
so he had nt sunk her shipone less thing she could hate him for .
corner of my vision , strangest thing ... through the steam , i thought i saw the russian .
we 're in lincoln , nebraska ; the most dangerous thing that 's ever happened here was when this russian ass**le kidnapped an unwitting co - ed - in her robe . ''
the first thing i noticed - his gaze was shuttered .
i did n't look up , and instead mumbled , ` ` yeah , we just met at the '' -i waved my hand in the air- '' the thing on friday . ''
` ` i guess i always assumed other people liked this kind of thing , not me .
the thing was , even below that thin layer of mortification , i knew i 'd never felt more alive .
` ` that was the hottest thing i 'd ever seen , '' he said , rolling over onto me again and kissing my neck .
this thing with sara was engineered to be simple , but right now it felt anything but .
the rest of the club has rooms where , through windows or mirrors , you can watch one thing or another . ''
` ` that 's the other thing i meant to mention .
if that 's the only thing that happens tonight , it 's fine . ''
now the clearys would probably never hire carly 's catering again , and landing this job had been the best thing that had ever happened to the company .
he advanced on her , his powerful aura seeming to intensify around him like a palpable thing .
` ` limos come in handy for this sort of thing , '' he said and laughed .
it was a freak thing , really . ''
he backed away , and i felt his absence like a tangible thing .
the rooftop bar thing in l.a . had gotten out of hand .
i mean ... not really , but it made me realize that nothing i was doing made a damn bit of difference or touched anyone , and i thought if i could take that pain i felt and put it in a room , so when someone walked into that room who was going through the same thing , they 'd recognize it .
there would be no big funeral , no open casket , just a thing at my house .
` ` kevin asked me to collaborate on a thing with him for the b.c .
another thing i could thank jessica for .
` ` you were there when the thing happened with daniel .
and i was the one who stood by you for the whole thing . ''
` ` and you 're keeping your pants on for the entire thing . ''
which i 'd blow off , except i met antonio and yes , he 's hot , but also ... he 's got a whole connected thing happening .
the first thing i felt was pain between my legs .
i lost myself in the memory of that near - illegal thing , running my hand over the wall where the oil tank had been set .
the expectation of pain was always worse than the actual thing .
first thing , i deliver the earpieces to the bathroom attendant .
unconscious for the whole thing . ''
chapter 2 april 10 , 1912 it 's a fine spring morning at the seaside - the sort of thing i ' ve dreamt of my whole life .
this morning , the very first thing i thought was , at last i will see the ocean .
the only thing that could keep alec from safety is if he tries to take care of me .
a driver with a horse and cart is only too happy to take me to a hotel so i can go view the dead first thing in the morning .
that kind of thing only happened to bad girls .
not that it did n't make her scream with joy , of course , it was just that the whole thing seemed a little crazy .
never in a million years did she think she 'd be getting herself off against his leg first thing in the morning ... or that the pleasure would be even greater for the slightly wicked nature of it .
` ` but you know what the really amazing thing is ? ''
she did n't know what possessed her to do it , but suddenly it was the most natural thing in the world to drop to her knees and put her mouth over him .
his answering smile was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen .
` ` this just might be the most romantic thing that 's ever happened . ''
julie 's surprising statement was quite possibly the only thing that could have pulled anna out of her shocked self - examination .
the other surprising thing was that his grandmother did n't look particularly upset about her confession .
anna did n't know what to say , not when the last thing she 'd expected was for cole 's grandmother to sit here and talk to her about love .
then the real model walked back in , and the next thing she knew , dominic was releasing her and turning his focus to the skinny model , holding her just as close , placing his lips on her skin , while melissa watched from a stool across the room .
but the worst thing of all would be if he saw how much his rejection hurt her , so she forced herself to stare back into his dark eyes .
dominic might seem like a nice guy , but he 's just like any other player , keeping an eye out for the next best thing to come along . ''
the next thing she knew , she was in his arms and he was carrying her across the room .
jp would demand a new agent because he was pissed at her for not showing up , and it all added up to one thing : nothing .
` ` i do n't know what lucky star you were born under , but having dominic swoop in and turn you into a decent player , and then decide to retire so you have a shot at his spot , is pretty much the luckiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the next thing she knew , his arms were around her and he was hugging her , just like he used to when she was little and had skinned her knee .
somehow she was n't embarrassed ; being with ty was the most natural thing in the world.he slid her dress off , past her hips , and his hand moved to the concave lines of her stomach .
he 's also the best thing football has seen in the past decade .
` ` the thing is , i used to know ty calhoun .
but the most mortifying thing of all was that ty cearly felt so sorry for her that he kept coming to her rescue .
next thing she knew , they were inside her foyer and she was up against the wall with her dress pushed up to her waist .
her ni**les did that hardening thing again and he said , ` ` take your clothes off , already . ''
the next thing she knew , he 'd worked loose from his silk binding and she was on her back on the soft dirt beneath the bleachers .
i 'll go back to joseph 's cabin first thing tomorrow morning .
first thing monday morning .
` ` i ' ve been trying to figure that out , and the only thing i can come up with is that the fog was pretty heavy , so maybe he got cold .
maya kept her head down as she swung a leg over the bike , not wanting kelly to see how much she wanted the very same thing .
and then her mouth came down over him , sheathing him in warm , wet heat , and the only thing he could do was bury his hands in her hair and buck his hips up into her mouth .
jenny lay across maya for a long moment , long enough for maya to wonder if the last thing she was going to hear was the gun 's release .
she tripped and fell to her knees , and the next thing she knew , logan 's arms were around her and he was carrying her through the smoke .
the last thing she remembered , she was driving to the airport , heading back to san francisco after arguing with her sister in the cafe .
neither of them had a damn thing to complain about - apart from her car accident , of course .
and when i pushed you on it , when i said there was no way anyone could be okay with the things you 'd seen , you would n't tell me a damn thing about how you were feeling .
dianna did everything she could to stay on the raft , but the water was tougher than she was , and the next thing she knew she was flipping over the edge of the raft .
right now the most important thing you can do is rest . ''
beyond frustrated , the words , ` ` next thing i know you 're going to be telling me you could n't get a room at the inn , '' came pouring out .
the last thing she was prepared for was ginger saying , ` ` oh isabel , there 's just something about him .
the worst thing is to accidentally light your marshmallow on fire because it only chars the outside , but the rest is still raw . ''
it was the only thing they did well together . ''
and when he sent her reeling over the edge it was the most natural thing in the world for her to take him with her .
first thing tomorrow he 'd head up to the general store to get himself a new set of lakeworthy clothes .
he was trying to take her words in , was trying to process the force of her emotion , everything she was offering him , but as soon as he 'd heard the word love again , it hit him , a sucker punch in the center of his gut : there was only one thing worse than losing the use of his hands , only one thing worse than losing his entire identity as a firefighter .
he was trying to take her words in , was trying to process the force of her emotion , everything she was offering him , but as soon as he 'd heard the word love again , it hit him , a sucker punch in the center of his gut : there was only one thing worse than losing the use of his hands , only one thing worse than losing his entire identity as a firefighter .
saying the words brought it all back , took andrew back into those first few horrible hours , where the only thing he did was make deals with god .
` ` angry at every f**king thing . ''
the last thing she heard was his bedroom door slamming and the music kicking in .
they spread out the towels over the sand and it was the most natural thing in the world for her to lay her head on andrew 's shoulder .
first thing monday morning , we 're going to the courthouse to put your name on this .
and before she kissed him to seal the deal , it was the most natural thing in the world for her desperate words from weeks ago on the porch to blossom into something truly beautiful .
unless , of course , '' he deliberately added to confirm the one thing he needed to be absolutely certain about , ` ` your husband or boyfriend can watch mason while we talk . ''
it was , grace thought , the cutest , sweetest thing she 'd ever seen - a big , strong man holding a sleeping baby so gently .
` ` we 're good , '' dylan said , making it seem like the most natural thing to eat his dinner with a ten - month - old on his lap , just as he had last night at his parents ' house .
she was gripping the arm of the couch behind her for dear life as she worked to push herself even harder against him , and it was hands - down the sexiest thing dylan had ever seen in his life .
` ` the only thing i would ever resent , '' he told her , ` ` the only thing that would ever make me upset , is losing you .
the only thing he did n't love just then was being the last single sullivan in seattle .
next thing you know , meg will be pregnant too .
` ` i feel like we finally got one thing right . ''
but she knew one thing .
next thing i know , i ' m waking up with a mouthful of sand . ''
it takes a few minutes for her to come back to me , but the first thing she does is kiss my chest , cuddling closer to me .
` ` perfect excuse to ditch this thing early , since i only know about four people and they 're sick of me dogging their footsteps . ''
he smiled at her , not a grin , not a smirk , but a serious , he meant business kind of smile , and said in a low , sexy drawl , ` ` best thing to happen to me all day . ''
` ` i told you it 's the best thing to happen to me all day . ''
and that was the hottest thing she 'd ever experienced in her life .
and his nakedness was a beautiful thing , all muscular and hard and hairy in the right places , with a big old morning erection .
and then he kissed me and the next thing i know , i ' m naked , '' she whispered , glancing around again for anyone in ear - shot .
there was no thing , it was more like lust at first sight .
for being a victory party , the only thing anyone seemed to be celebrating was the opening of a fresh bottle of wine every half an hour .
i met him at the christmas thing at my mom 's work and he was old and bossy .
the whole wet thing , standing up , cold tile ... it all seemed a little dubious to her .
tamara was breathing hard as they entered her bedroom , just from his kiss and anticipation , and that was the hottest goddamn thing he had seen .
but it had helped tremendously to know that tamara was standing behind his right shoulder through the entire thing , silently supporting him .
` ` but the thing is i realized walking out of that room like that was the last thing in the world i wanted .
he could honestly say that having his car number tattooed on tamara was the sexiest thing he had ever seen in his life .
except for one thing , really . ''
he did n't let anyone know at any time that the only thing he was really afraid of was being cut off from the one thing he loved and the one thing he was good at .
we can leave first thing monday morning and come back tuesday .
` ` that silence , the way your eyes go wide and your mouth drops open , and you stop breathing for a second or two , is the hottest damn thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the only thing i care about is that we have shakespeare involved . ''
` ` we have to be at that wedding party- planning meeting thing at five . ''
aside from the money for nikki 's wedding , which i ca n't use until after the thing is over and done with , i have exactly two hundred and twelve dollars to my name and the gas and electric bill are due next week .
the only thing that could make me happier would be if you kissed me . ''
the media loves this kind of thing .
there was one thing that boiled his blood , raised his blood pressure , had him seeing red , and that was when she told him what his feelings were .
the only thing that would be worse would be if he 'd taken those sluts to the bellagio where she and ryder had honeymooned .
but there was one thing he was sure of .
nikki had appeared , and started to move down the aisle , a thin , beautiful girl , noodle arms and upper chest tanned to perfection in her strapless gown , the waist ballooning into the biggest skirt thing ryder had ever seen in his life .
` ` and the thing is , we ca n't fail .
the last thing in the world kendall wanted was evan thinking she was still carrying a torch for him .
being loved by this woman had been a damn fine thing .
what was the worst thing that could happen ?
the bizarre thing was trevor had n't used a lot of hair spray , so it looked fairly natural .
first you use the toilet , then you wash your hands , then you decide to brush your teeth , then tweeze your eyebrows , then inspect your face because you 're sure you have a zit starting , then put lotion on your feet ... and the next thing you know there 's water on the floor and i ' ve died of boredom in the other room . ''
the pathetic thing was that he 'd always wanted it with kendall .
she had been afraid that 's what carl would say , and the last thing in the universe she wanted was for her proposal of marriage to damage evan 's career .
` ` i guess we 're smart enough to know a good thing when we see it . ''
` ` there 's this thing up at the church that 's like a night at the races and beth 's friend jean is bringing her daughter , ellie .
there had been a lot of hair spray in that twist thing she 'd had going on with her hair , so he could imagine this would be the end result even if she had been sober .
this was a really stressful thing to go through .
the last thing she remembered was blubbering on diesel and coming to the realization that he had in fact attended her father 's funeral .
he just continued to laugh like it was the funniest thing he 'd ever seen .
it was the one good thing to come out of his accident .
for thirty - three years she 'd gone without behaving impulsively and she picked marriage as the thing to break her pattern ?
what he saw in the kitchen was very possibly the only thing on earth that could have improved his mood .
she had let go through allowing him to control the situation , and it was the hottest thing he 'd ever seen .
the fact that she had waited until he gave permission , then literally came thirty seconds after he granted it was the hottest thing he 'd ever experienced .
she hovered around the fringe , observing , and cooper felt weird and conflicted about the whole thing .
or maybe he had imagined the whole thing .
` ` like ... as a regular thing ? ''
` ` i like this kind of thing . ''
the last thing she expected happened .
just like anyone can see mystique set this whole thing up when she could n't bag her man .
chapter two when lizanne pruitt entered the investigative offices of goodbody and mccallum , first thing wednesday morning , she did n't look like the oddest client they 'd ever had .
the next thing he knew he was shaking plaster off his scraped knuckles .
the thing was , when the tests came back , the baby 's heart was clean .
this was the closest thing he knew to coming without actually spilling seed .
i jolt around , and the first thing i notice is a shiny pair of black shoes .
but it was the first thing we ate together in paris and it does n't seem right we go elsewhere tonight . ''
the only thing would be that , after three months , my parents are under the impression we 're very much in love . ''
a hope that tugs at my stomach , because we 're hoping for the very same thing but in different ways .
i want to know every little thing i do n't .
they seem so small and unnecessary when the thing you 're apologizing for is so potentially devastating .
that must be a thing .
the link opens to naomi 's official website , and the first thing i see is my name and aaron 's and a photo of me .
` ` she said that if you do n't pay within the hour , she 'll have it distributed to a large number of websites and presses ready to run a breaking news story first thing tomorrow .
it was the most erotic thing she 'd ever experienced , and she tangled her tongue with his , inhaling the unique flavor .
next thing she knew , he 'd rolled her to her side while he flipped positions .
the sad thing was , savannah had always known about robert dare 's wife and kids .
` ` but here 's the thing .
the first thing they each did sunday night was call me , '' she said , laughing .
* * * the last thing riley expected was for olivia to invite her to go shopping for a dress to wear on saturday night .
` ` did dylan say he needed or wanted them today or first thing tomorrow ? ''
` ` the thing is , i did n't have it bad growing up , '' alex continued .
next thing she knew , he 'd lifted her up and started walking toward the bedroom .
but ian had n't wanted a damn thing to do with alex , not as kids and not as adults .
all this time i ' ve been wallowing in self - pity , as if not playing football was the worst thing that could have happened to me , when jake will never have that chance at all .
kevin began by assuming the television test , which was now scheduled first thing tomorrow morning , would lead to him being offered the television show .
next thing i heard was an older woman 's voice over the phone line .
first thing in the morning , or as soon as i could manage , i was going back to my original plan .
at least i knew we 'd both seen the same thing in lance - in the beginning .
that 's an awful thing to know . ''
but if we 're going to attend this thing , we have to go . ''
there was the mystery - his entire family and many friends were here for the opening of elite , and yet there was no one around to hear or see a thing .
and though his parents met him under the worst of circumstances , i think the life - or - death thing showed them what was important .
the only shocking thing was that her family members managed to avoid doing hard time , something ariana chalked up to luck .
the only expected thing so far had been her quivering voice .
the next thing she knew , he had lifted her into his arms .
as far as the love thing quinn mentioned , well , there was time to deal with that once maria started thinking like a rational human being and not ... well ... not like a woman , he thought wryly .
first thing monday morning , he took zoe 's advice and booked a room closer to ocean isle , closer to sam .
next thing i know the police are banging on the door and all i could think of was saving the bacon .
but something about being in his arms had felt so darn good , she 'd let herself relax and the next thing she knew , the sun was streaming through the window .
she 'd storm off to her room and the same type of thing would happen again the next day .
until another big thing comes along , the bachelor blog is the news . ''
but an unexpected thing had happened afterwards .
` ` how about we go check out the store first thing tomorrow when it opens ? ''
i 'll talk to my father about access to the cold case files later or first thing tomorrow . ''
but a funny thing happened once they reached lexie 's floor of choice .
` ` and they showed the whole thing on the news .
as for her granddaughter , she was already head over heels for the man , but poor lexie was so scarred by that prick drew , charlotte feared lexie would n't know a good thing when she was staring right at it .
he turned to run , realized he was surrounded and the next thing lexie knew , he 'd grabbed her , yanking her against him .
` ` it 's not the easiest thing to talk about .
but angel felt that talking about the most painful thing in her life would n't change the fact that she 'd never be a mother .
` ` i 'd believe you , except for one thing .
` ` and relive the whole thing again ? ''
` ` first thing tomorrow i ' m calling the alarm company and having a perimeter alarm installed , '' rafe said .
so i contacted the guy , and soon we had a regular thing going .
` ` i guess i did n't know a good thing when i had it . ''
in high school , she 'd had her defenses a mile high , and next thing she knew , roman had turned from charlotte 's rejection to beth 's willing arms .
as if such a thing were possible , he thought .
the next thing she knew , he 'd swept her into his arms , up the stairs , and laid her down on the king - sized loft bed .
she wondered if such a thing were possible .
it 's not the most exciting thing to see but everyone shows up anyway .
` ` the only thing that will happen to my mother 's heart as a result of tonight is that it 'll hurt for you .
` ` and another thing '' -madeline blotted her eyes with the back of her hand before continuing- '' your mother was devastated when he broke things off .
next thing i knew , people in town are dropping odd comments about how no one 's ever called samson a gentleman , or how he mooches sandwiches from norman 's .
the one thing he did n't want was to end up old and alone .
it was quite a sight , seeing the man you love with his glorious face in between your legs and smiling at you as if you 're the greatest thing to ever happen to him .
` ` we 'll have to make it a regular thing .
` ` it was really a one time thing .
things are ... we 're doing the best we can , but reassuring our clients is a full - time job right now , and we ' ve been struggling to fill the positions that are now vacant while at the same time doing enough background checks to make sure the same thing does n't happen again . ''
9 i wanted to make lunchtime sex a regular thing , because the aftermath carried over to my work and i felt fantastic about everything .
the next thing i remembered was a beeping interrupting the best sleep i 'd ever had in my entire life .
` ` so we should make this a regular thing , '' she said .
sloane bitched and moaned and finally got the same thing .
i was distracted about the sloane thing at work the next day .
` ` but there 's one thing i ' m not too happy about . ''
` ` yup , '' he said , and the next thing i knew we were both passed out on ryder 's new bed .
and then she came to my office like she wanted to talk about something and then she mentioned the lunch thing and ran away .
it had been a spur of the moment thing after i 'd broken up with royce .
` ` well ... here 's the thing .
` ` so are you going to make it a regular thing ? ''
i wanted to discuss the thing that happened in the conference room yesterday and to tell you that it 's not happening again .
i had n't seen a fire or anything , so i was wondering how this s'more thing was going to happen .
i could n't ask lucah if he was suffering from the same thing because it was just too ridiculous a thing to say out loud .
the only thing was that i did n't know who he was protecting .
the second i 'd mentioned the thing , sloane had run to her drafting table and started sketching .
i ' ve been dying to go to this thing and i ' ve been hiding my jealousy for years . ''
we did n't talk any more about his brother that night , but i wanted to make it a regular thing for us to talk more about growing up and our pasts .
` ` there 's a bloke over there who 's been watching the whole thing and rubbing his crotch like crazy at the same time . ''
if there was one thing he would never in a million years have anticipated , it was jaxx becoming a model .
having her again was the only thing that would calm the raging lust coursing through him , the only that 'd feel right .
i even relived the entire thing with my vibrator when i got home . ''
warren had told dane all about the holiday and how anna had sworn him to secrecy , but he forgot to do one thing : he forgot to make dane swear to keep it secret from connor .
the thing is ... she 's the one who took those chocolates someone sent me . ''
richie probably would n't have allowed the disturbance on anna 's schedule if he and ollie had n't been concerned about jaxxon after the whole sean thing .
the sean thing she could move on from without being tempted to dwell .
my memory strays to the last thing he and i did together in the parking lot of the goodmans ' property .
he must be freaking out inside , even though outside he 's been very cool about the whole thing .
next thing you know she 'll have me growing hybrid roses and japanese maples and loving every moment of it .
i did n't know there was such a thing .
except for that lipstick on the neck thing , he seems to be completely genuine .
` ` this whole wine thing ? ''
if this is the kind of thing that 's happening while i ' m gone , i suppose it 's not too crazy to think that my supervision is necessary . ''
i busy myself with tending to brekky as ingrid prattles on about some thing or another .
` ` it 's kind of an impromptu thing , '' he says by way of explanation .
she most definitely regrets the thing to which she 's referring , i can tell by her pained expression .
anyway , i have to go to this thing , and i need you to go to this thing too .
anyway , i have to go to this thing , and i need you to go to this thing too .
you and i go to this dinner thing .
` ` loose ... missing ... same thing .
it was a one - time thing and wo n't need to be repeated . ''
` ` i have not yet decided whether it is a lucky thing or a very unlucky one .
` ` that was the most awesome thing i have ever seen in my entire life , '' said tim , sighing loudly , still suffering an occasional spasm brought on by a snort or giggle .
display of affection was a rare thing for jared ; i 'd never seen him even touch another fae .
i ignored the part about his survival and the whole ashes to ashes thing , not sure it warranted being so sneaky .
as i left the room , i wondered if i 'd imagined the whole thing .
did i just imagine that entire thing ?
` ` uhhh ... huh , huh ... that ... uh ... that is ... uh ... '' ` ` tim , '' i said , not sure if i should be disgusted , amazed , or just throwing up , ` ` that has to be the most f**ked up thing i ' ve ever seen in my entire life . ''
before i could demand more information , she disappeared again , a giggle the last thing i heard from her .
` ` we have spells on this room to prohibit such a thing , so even common sense -which surely you must have some of , if only in very minute amounts - tells you that this is not possible . ''
the first thing i heard was spike - the real one - saying , ` ` whoa .
the next thing i saw was maggie 's hand coming up to grip the table and then her shaggy gray - black hair peeking up above the edge of it .
the only thing i can hear is us gasping for air . ''
` ` it is such a sad , sad thing to me , '' said the dwarf in a weepy voice .
i was so cool right up until the snapping dagger fang thing .
the pixies had left me to my own devices in my room , and by the time spike showed back up to take me to this hearing thing or whatever , i had worked myself into a real panic .
` ` it 's the same thing , '' she said , staring me down and ignoring spike .
then the most amazing thing happened .
he 'd never allowed such a thing to happen .
the next thing she knew , she was in the shower .
was fighting a normal thing between them ?
the last thing she wanted to happen was to pass out .
the thing was , that even though he was a pathetic excuse of a human being , she could n't forget he was also desperate .
the only thing that would make this any better for him was if he told bill he just wanted to screw her brains out until she was washed from him mind and he certainly could n't say that .
but , hey , his loss of interest was the best thing that could have happened .
he turned his head and saw the same thing she did .
it was a typical cool autumn day in seattle - if any days or any weather could be called typical anymore - and the last thing she wanted to do at three in the afternoon was return to her empty house .
this sort of thing did n't happen in real life , did it ?
the best thing that ever happened to seth and me was the day she brought him here and filed for divorce .
` ` yeah , and then the roads got too icy for me to drive back to town , and then one thing led to another , and then next thing i knew it was sunday and seth was home and we were snowmobiling and playing video games and having dinner . ''
being a father may be the best thing that 's ever happened to me , but it 's scary as hell too .
i ' m lifted into ty 's arms again , placed in the backseat of my car , and i must doze off because the next thing i know , ty has lifted me once more and he 's carrying me up some stairs and laying me on a bed .
the most remarkable thing happened then .
i guess what blew me away was just how amazing a thing it was for her to trust me enough , to offer herself to me , to want me .
they were both very well behaved throughout the whole thing .
i smiled back and said hello as if it were the most normal thing in the world to storm into neil 's office with intent to murder him .
he shook his head in dismissal as if he could n't imagine such a thing ever happening to him .
lots of things changed after that place .
after what happened in the night , the last thing i expected was for brynne to be awol on me .
easy thing to spot and i was sure .
i 'd seen this kind of thing throughout my career .
i 'd be leaving early anyway because of the mallerton thing tonight so i should be able to catch her before she closed up shop for the night .
i called brynne as i was leaving the office to tell her i was on my way and expected to get a breathless rundown of everything that needed to be done before the thing tonight and our impending trip .
` ` mmmmm , you are convincing , mr . blackstone , '' she said , still holding my face , ` ` but we do need to start getting ready for this thing tonight .
brynne held it together for the whole thing , watching it through to the bitter end , in all its mad - scientist themed fetish crap .
` ` baby ... that thing tonight spooked me , '' he whispered .
he was staring at me , watching the whole thing as he liked to do , our eyes connecting us deeply beyond just the physical act .
i saw the whole thing from the window of the shop . ''
the same thing happened at breakfast this morning .
i could n't hear a thing going on inside the bathroom and started imagining the room 's layout .
ethan and i were in a very perfect place at the moment ... where we did n't have to panic about what we needed to do , or what bad thing could happen to us , or be shocked about what already had happened to us .
` ` that is what you 're wearing to this thing ? ''
would n't it be wonderful if i could just kiss her senseless into forgetting about going to this thing ?
let 's remember that i did n't want to go to the f**king thing in the first place , brynne .
such a beautiful thing ...
` ` marrying you was the best thing that 's ever happened to me , brynne .
honestly , i was completely thrown for a loop by the whole thing .
i 'd witnessed skiers on slopes right next to avalanche slides like it was a completely normal thing to do .
her hand - brynne 's hand touched me , and that was the most wonderful perfect f**king thing .
in fact , he 'd seemed quite into the whole thing , even putting on a velvet jacket and a fancy bow tie- cravat thingy .
you 'll be able to watch the whole thing , and talk to your wife throughout . ''
` ` i ' m staying the night and heading out first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` the thing is , my mom used to want to go to law school .
his voice was soft and gentle , as if that was the most natural thing in the world to think about .
` ` at least that 's one good thing that will come of your uncle 's death , '' he said darkly .
the next thing i knew , the engine had stopped and we were parked in front of jahn 's building .
i could n't stand knowing that i was adding to what was already a terrible burden , and so the next time she 'd asked , i 'd lied and told her that the bad dreams had been a passing thing .
i saw them on a few weekends , but it was n't like a regular thing . ''
` ` about that flying thing , '' i said .
i missed some of his conversation while i was off being jealous in my head , and the next thing i knew he was beside me .
i took a deep breath and followed him , not at all sure what to expect but certain of only one thing .
she asked , as if that was the most amazing thing in the world .
after all , if this thing went as planned , he 'd end up with the real creature notebook and we 'd have a fake .
so i came out here and met with your dad - he 's been on a task force to shut this kind of thing down for a few years now .
` ` but one thing gives me pause about those three , and that 's senator raine . ''
the others were gone ; there were no more shadows past the light , and i curled into him , feeling almost as if the whole thing was a dream .
i met evan and cole there - which was about the only thing good the camp managed .
the really cool thing was that a number of the girls had been snared in a white trafficking ring , and the guys had managed to get them cut loose and gainfully employed .
the only thing that worked out well was that i did n't have any time to think or angst or otherwise fret about cole .
and that was the most suspicious thing of all . ''
but even as i was wishing for that very thing , i realized that cole had held my hand most of the afternoon .
the only thing that will change is that your juvie record will be unsealed . ''
he might have left another set with someone for insurance against that very thing . ''
i ' m just about to slide into the sweet oblivion of sleep when i remember one other thing .
one thing led to another and we continued to see each other . ''
` ` this kind of thing does n't happen to me often .
` ` it was a one - time thing .
` ` you do n't have a thing to apologize for , '' he says .
no time to watch the whole thing now .
even the paparazzi , those vultures with cameras that have become uncomfortably interested in every little thing damien and i do , paid us little heed .
` ` how is it you know every little thing that happens to me ?
according to jamie this is not an unusual thing in hollywood .
and the next thing you know , he 'd told her .
next thing i know , his driver is putting my bike in the trunk of his car and we 're off to his house .
` ` you are the best thing that has ever happened to me . ''
` ` insurance paperwork , '' i say nonchalantly , before turning back to bruce and rattling off the first relevant thing i can think of about the suncoast meeting last week .
i hold my breath , wondering if damien will cite the thing going on in germany .
` ` blaine faxed back his affidavit yesterday , '' charles continues , ` ` so we filed the application for temporary restraining order first thing this morning . ''
i look around for jamie , but she has already disappeared into the crowd , presumably to jump all over that imbibing thing .
` ` probably the same thing i do , '' i say , then skip back out of the circle of his arms .
and i ought to get at least one nice thing out of that damn commercial . ''
when she called , i was pissed off at my mom for some bullshit thing i do n't even remember now .
` ` what i mean is that there is only one thing that could rip me apart more than those photos - that did rip me apart - and that 's losing you .
one thing i noticed right away was that i never had to dumb my explanations down for her , which was something that stood out to me , because the dumbing down was such a common occurrence for me , that i would n't have taken a note of it if i 'd been doing the opposite .
it was a hard thing to see .
it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen in the entire sad forty years of my life .
` ` i love this spot ... right here , '' she murmured into my sternum , nestling her lovely face there , her lush doting lips placing five quick kisses that moved up to my collarbone , as though it were the most natural thing in the world .
i found myself telling her every awful thing that had ever happened to me .
to this day i do n't know if it was an accident to rig me up that good , if he was trying to kill me , or if it was some miscalculation on his part , but the only thing that saved me was the basketball coach just happening by . ''
` ` i , um , have a thing today , '' i said awkwardly , completely lost on what to tell her .
she 'd said she wanted to surprise me , but i watched the entire thing from my chair , mouth dry , fists clenched .
i ca n't be sure , but i think she may have watched the whole thing .
i was n't picturing even one elicit thing .
i guess she did watch the entire thing , and felt the need to tell me i was nasty , trashy , and tacky for going down on you after we f**ked , in someone else 's house , no less . ''
that 's about the only thing i ' m not upset about . ''
i kept so busy that i had very little time for dwelling , and no time for pining for a thing that was never meant to be .
they both wrote their own vows , and they were so sweet that i cried like a sap through the entire thing , hugging the boys , who flanked me on each side .
dermot , who 'd been about a dozen feet away for the whole thing , sent me one probing glance and followed him .
her tone was animated , but there was something so off about the entire thing , like she was n't at all surprised .
but my mind had this one little thing to focus on , this smallest of contact , and so i had n't forgotten even one detail .
he 'd actually come to my room to talk about it , charged into the space , sprawling out on the room 's only chair like it was the most natural thing in the world .
even as i clearly recalled the encounter , how she 'd let me inside of her , bare ; let me come in her , skin on skin ; let me empty myself deep inside of her , i almost felt as though i 'd dreamed the whole thing .
he was hosting the thing and had to wade into the center of the chaos , so i waved him on , hanging back .
i watched the entire thing with what could only be an infatuated smile on his face .
and there was so much ownership in it , as though it was the most natural thing in the world , as though she did it every day , as though he was hers .
i turned back , wondering what awful thing i was about to say or do , because i felt provoked beyond all reason .
in fact , i 'd never heard of such a thing .
because it was a fact that she was worth it , and that certainty had gotten me through many o ' rough thing .
this was just the thing i 'd been worried about .
we were bonding , in a way , over it - a shared , impotent self - loathing over how this impossible thing never should have happened .
and more turned on by it than any other thing i 'd experienced in my life .
i ' ve apologized several times for that , and you seem to be over it ... but the entire thing is a hard memory for me , so i ' ve decided that 's not a marker i want to put on you . ''
she did the strangest thing then .
` ` how about you just give me a hypothetical reason why a thing like this might happen ? ''
hypothetically , if i heard about a thing like that , even if it happened years ago , i could see me doing something about it the first time that bastard was unlucky enough to run into me somewhere , even if that somewhere happened to be one of your galleries . ''
it was about the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
it was a rare thing indeed for there not to at least be speculation or even blatant made - up shit published for hype and to sell lies .
` ` i mean , i know the shooting turned into a random thing and they apprehended the man responsible .
her hips moved , unconsciously tilting upward to take him deeper , if such a thing were possible .
` ` uh , just how swanky is this sort of thing ? ''
he and edge exchanged disgruntled looks because it had n't even occurred to them to set up such a thing .
there were two more days of filming before the launch party , and the very last thing swanny wanted was a repeat of the last time eden had ventured out for an event .
the very last thing swanny wanted was to lose a teammate .
but he knew one thing .
the very thing she 'd wished the most for .
then i 'll slice you open and let you bleed out and film the entire thing .
` ` sir , there is one thing i ' ve learned about your daughter in a very short time .
hell , he 'd never set foot in the place , but the things micah had talked about were more than enough to paint a vivid picture in gray 's mind of what happened behind those big wrought - iron gates .
had she imagined the whole damn thing ?
i was orchestrating the entire thing .
` ` and the sad thing is , he 's right , '' she said when she 'd finished .
the last thing she remembered was going to sleep on the deck in gray 's arms .
that orgasm was the single most powerful thing i could possibly experience .
high - end escorts in the casinos , that sort of thing . ''
he said it so casually , as if that was n't the most impossible , inexplicable thing in the world .
the last thing i remembered was valentine 's face peering down at me .
an odd thing : i was n't sobbing .
it was the best ... thing ... ever .
i felt something else from him , an intangible knowledge that he 'd experienced the same thing i had .
the funny thing about that one is , i met her once , at a party about two years ago .
it was a split - second thing .
she wanted so much to be able to hear michael 's name , to speak it and be able to remember the wonderful things - the sweet baby smell of his neck that still had n't completely dissipated at age four , the serious and thoughtful expression on his face as he drew with a crayon in one hand and held a purple popsicle to his mouth with the other , the sound of his laughter ... how fair was it to her little boy that her most significant memory of him was his utterly meaningless , shockingly abrupt death ?
niall had made it clear that the ritualistic , soul - wrenching sunday visitations at evergreen park were a thing of the past .
the next thing she knew , he 'd flung his arm over her shoulder and gripped her hip and ass tightly , completely immobilizing her body on his lap .
it was n't a pretty thing to learn about oneself .
the next thing niall knew , tim was pushing her into the backseat .
` ` still , she 's so gorgeous ... and despite that frigid thing she 's got going on , she really does n't seem too crazy at all , '' evan conceded thoughtfully .
yeah , niall saw the whole thing .
but i will tell you one thing .
the next thing she knew , she was sprawled on the couch next to ian , and he was staring down at her as she gasped for air .
the next thing she knew , her face was pressed to his hard chest and crisp shirt , and his arms surrounded her .
i 'd like to leave first thing in the morning . ''
was this the type of thing that beautiful women experienced on a daily basis ?
why could n't it have just been a natural thing versus something you did ? ''
` ` the only thing that 's happening between us is that you 're acting like a selfish brat .
maybe because you 're the sweetest thing that 's ever happened to me .
if mrs . hanson did n't know where ian had gone , it could only mean one thing .
it 's a wonderful thing to witness , seeing you and francesca together . ''
lucien 's kiss on a chicago sidewalk on a shiny new day was the most delicious thing she 'd ever experienced in her life .
` ` it was the most reasonable thing i had to bargain with ! ''
the next thing she knew , he 'd swept her into his arms and was carrying her toward the hallway .
this is another thing i imagined doing to your pretty breasts . ''
her body tightened as she raced for the finish line , her hand moving faster and faster- the next thing she knew , her wrists were pinned behind her and her back was pressed against the length of lucien 's body .
she was barely holding herself together , and the last thing she wanted was for ian to witness her discomposure .
but then the sweet older woman had acted like it was the most natural thing in the world for her to stumble into the kitchens in all her finery .
the next thing she knew , ian was sitting in the cushiony chair , long legs bent and thighs slightly spread , and reaching for her .
that , she realized , was not an easy thing to allow .
it was n't an easy thing for her to open up and talk about my origins .
` ` given the pair 's history of petty crimes , i just find it hard to believe that they 'd engineer this whole thing themselves .
it 's precisely the type of thing a madman would plan . ''
` ` i have a thing called a job . ''
it 's the most innovative , exciting thing to happen to watchmaking in centuries .
watching the whole thing made it twice as excruciating .
the next thing she knew , he was lifting her .
he really was a sight to behold first thing in the morning .
my stomach did n't like the rolling seas all that much , but otherwise i thought the whole thing fantastic .
` ` i have a feeling you like this sort of thing , '' he said , grinning as i pulled unsuccessfully at my new restraints .
so mckenna and i had this thing in high school when we started dating that we 'd always check in on the other with a phone call . ''
that sort of thing . ''
now , he was all the way in , and the only thing she was afraid of was him not being part of her world .
` ` here 's the thing , charlie , '' clay began , keeping his voice completely even and controlled as he knew how to do .
then the strangest thing happened .
some folks assumed if you peddled sex toys , it meant you wanted to hear about every single thing someone did with one , and jack most decidedly did not want to be told about every escapade .
` ` if you just want a one - time thing , that 's cool .
such a shame , since being with him was about the only thing that had made her feel it was possible to move on from heartache .
` ` missing is the hardest thing , '' sutton said .
i want to see you at lincoln center in a fancy dress , knowing you have on this underwear , and i want to be tortured all night being next to you , thinking about how much i want to be making you come , so by the time i finally do it will be the only thing either of us wants in the world . ''
his lack of enough feelings for aubrey had led to the worst thing possible .
but one thing he did n't like hearing about was her trying to change for some guy .
` ` that was a ridiculous thing to ask .
the next thing she knew the blindfold was falling loose , dropping to her nose , giving her sight again .
the next thing she knew he was on the floor , sliding under her .
his mouth was the sweetest thing she 'd ever had , and she hungrily sought more of him .
every thing you do to me .
i know the whole mark thing was tough , but there are more fish in the sea and you need to put your pole back in the water , '' erin said , her voice full of sympathy .
` ` i did n't realize this kind of thing happened down there in the club .
is this about that thing again ?
not a damn thing happened , unless you 're a fan of some sexy talk and being left hanging . ''
one thing led to another , and before i knew it , we were on the conference room table having sex . ''
i did n't know if it was shame or fear that they 'd ask about us ever getting together again when i knew full well he was avoiding me , but part of me could n't tell them if it had been just a one night thing .
` ` i think i can see my way to making sure my fellow cops do n't have this place on their radar , but you need to make sure things like that article do n't happen .
i was also sure of one other thing .
maybe we 're just too different to be anything but a one - time thing , stefan . ''
between the cute and charming thing and the sight of his perfectly ripped half - naked body , he thought i 'd forget all about this friend nonsense and sleep with him right here on the beach .
remember how angry he was with me about the mika thing ? ''
you 're going to be surrounded by all those science guys who know exactly what you 're talking about and one thing will lead to another and ... '' she chuckled at me .
for the first time since we all began this thing , you like one of the girls .
my mind raced with all the horrible things that could be happening to her at that place .
what an odd thing to tattoo there .
the only thing i was afraid of was losing him .
i 'd seen a bunch of the dancers at the carousel do coke on that one night i danced there , but i was surprised to find out kane allowed that kind of thing at club x .
even as she lay dying in that hospital bed , the only thing that brought a smile to her face was telling me i was meant to hurt . ''
the only thing that made it even bearable was that she 'd hired two other women to work that night , so at least i was n't alone in my outfit of shame .
the only thing worse would be if she 'd called me sturdy .
i reached out to pull him to me , but he sat back on his feet and the next thing i felt was the most exquisite sensation i 'd ever experienced .
for what it was worth , he was beginning to look like a very good prospect after the whole tristan thing , though .
i tried to ignore his use of the word love again in relation to yet another thing i did , but i could n't .
it was the most enchanting thing i 'd ever seen in person , and i felt like i needed to pinch myself to be sure i was n't dreaming .
they were delivered first thing this morning . ''
how do i know the last six months have n't been about making you feel less guilty for the awful thing your father did to my family ? ''
it was the only good thing to come from her accident , and i intended on protecting it , no matter what .
i knew the thing she was talking about .
` ` it 's just been one thing after another , and tonight i found out that my girlfriend has been seeing someone else and is moving in with him .
i did n't want to be jealous , believing the whole thing had been just another example of nina 's goodness in helping that manipulative fuck of an ex .
i do n't know why i ' m so fucked up , but you freely gave me your heart , and your love was the best thing of my life .
you were thrown together after tristan disappeared and one thing lead to another and ... well , we can let the press take it from there . ''
` ` i do n't know about that , but maybe jordan 's right about that good things happening to good people thing .
it was the most erotic thing i 'd ever experienced . ''
tressa had secretly told me that victor planned to fire me over the cordovex thing your girlfriend 's father had found out about and thought convincing him to take a few days off would give me the chance to leave the company quietly .
he kissed me and my stomach did that flipping thing it always did when his lips touched mine .
i reached out to touch her , knowing it would be the last good thing either of us would feel in this lifetime , and as i took her hand in mine , she whispered , ` ` tristan , save us . ''
i had to understand this kind of thing was going to happen once in a while .
the last thing i saw was that chair at eye level and the italian tile floor of the pool deck coming up to greet me .
nina was still in her bra and panties , but i made quick work of them , happy to take advantage of the two of us in the mood and not exhausted , a rare thing since the kids came along .
it would n't be the easiest thing to break a teenaged girl 's heart if she fancied herself in love with some boy , but i know myself , i will let nothing stand in my way .
the weight of her on my chest felt like she belonged there and when i kissed her brow gently it felt like the most natural thing in the world .
there was no guarantee that this was a one - time thing .
the something i was finding was leading me to believe that either my wife had been a very lucky girl , or there was more than one thing going on here .
the thing is , they 'd been doing this shit for a very long time some of these kids will be adults by now , if they were still alive .
i was getting too close , strange men started showing up in town and i knew it had to be because of my digging only thing is i was doing it secretly so i do n't think they ever figured out it was me doing it . ''
the most horrific thing i think was how far back the shit had gone .
if people knew , they 'd probably suspect that it was a religious thing , but that could n't be further from the truth .
` ` kassie , what happened to your family was a tragedy , '' kelly says , ` ` but just because one terrible thing happens in your life , does n't mean nothing good will ever come along . ''
the first thing i notice , as i slide beneath the surface of my own waking mind , is how very light i feel .
the thing is ... i ' ve sort of been lying by omission .
` ` i ' m not used to this sort of thing .
` ` but that 's the thing , '' i sigh , ` ` i do n't know what he is to me .
i resolved to hire you for some more work down the line ... and then this thing with lorenzo happened .
i feel like i ' ve just been stumbling into one thing after another since my run - in with dante 's nine .
there 's only one thing a rock of that momentous size could mean .
but as i study him through my drugged stupor , the only thing i can make out through his black mask is a flash of gold .
we were in the same computer science program at berkeley , '' i tell him , ` ` coding , programming , that sort of thing . ''
and if that 's true ... what does it say about me that i sometimes dream about the same thing ?
` ` we had a terrible thing going , milo ! ''
` ` i could hardly believe it myself , '' i reply , setting down two coffee cups on the table before us , ` ` the whole thing felt like a bad dream . ''
he was so tall , so handsome ... and she saw the same thing in his eyes that she knew was shining out from hers .
obviously that 's one thing i had n't anticipated . ''
` ` you 're telling me all of these things to try and make me horrified , but the only thing that 's happening is that i love you even more for the vulnerable child you were , and the strong , capable , caring man you have become . ''
there were probably dozens of women in royston 's past who had stupidly hoped for the same thing .
he 's got that big thing in tokyo next week . ''
` ` it 's the same thing . ''
flying to minnesota could mean only one thing ... he 'd found the letter .
mikhail had been a trooper through the whole thing , but kristen knew he was completely dumbstruck by the whole affair as well as the amount of pink that had decorated the house .
` ` oh , you mean the splatterzone thing . ''
his brother , dane , had been able to dismiss what had happened in vegas as just another ` ` thing '' that happened , but graham was unable and unwilling to do that .
it seemed like every call he got today was one stupid thing after another .
` ` the thing is that when i say live - in , it means just that and to be honest i ' m a fairly hard man to live with . ''
i wondered if she had n't planned this whole thing .
i wanted to tell him that it was jill 's fault , that she 'd set the whole thing up , but that would probably make him distrust jill .
the only thing that went right was i managed to get to work on time , thanks to jill .
he growled , went back to the drawer , grabbed something else , and the next thing i knew , i had a ball stuffed into my mouth , a gag tied around my head , holding it in .
her moans took me to the edge of my resistance as i devoured her juicy pu**y . stella writhing , lifting her hips , offering it more as i sucked on her essence , was the hottest thing to witness .
the only thing allowed was i need you and i want you .
that 's the thing though , i had n't noticed until it was too late .
men could easily have as much sex all his life and never really know what love was because , really , falling in love was n't an easy thing .
it was a twisted thing to wish for , knowing that it would never happen .
it should ' ve been a warning that it would displease him , especially after the thing with derek tonight , but unfortunately , the look sent me to the opposite direction .
stella ... in control ... was the sexiest thing i had ever seen , i was utterly rendered thoughtless - speechless .
stella was the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
i was waiting for her to tell me to stop , to tell me where my boundaries were , but the only thing that came out of her softly parted lips were soft gasps that told me she was n't completely against my forward moves .
i guessed there was one thing my father had done right .
it was pointless , i was n't cut out for this type of thing .
one thing i could n't fault rachel on was the choosing of clothes .
being with david was the best thing that had ever happened to me .
i was n't sure why but the last thing i wanted was for david to leave my side .
as far as i was concerned in that moment it was the most beautiful thing i could ever have witnessed .
after all this time , this was precisely the kind of thing i had been looking for .
and he had an inkling that jurgen would n't quite see the ` ` getting to know him first '' thing the same way ian had .
the worst thing about having laughed , even weakly , at tierney 's stupid comment was that ian had promised himself he would n't put up with the man 's homophobic crap anymore .
the only thing he 'd like better than knotting ian 's tie and kneeling to suck his cock would be to have ian wrap the tie around his wrists and bind them together .
` ` that thing just hit me , '' sam said , tuning in to what was going on outside of ian 's pants .
he really did n't object when ian pulled sam on top of himself in the bed - in fact , he went so far as to lube and stretch himself , which had to be the hottest thing ian had ever seen .
you 're showing up at the damn thing , and that 's final . ''
next thing he knew , sam was over in front of dalton 's desk again , both of them standing and talking in those low tones .
` ` i do n't know a whole lot about anything right now , but i know one thing .
gina , though , deserved whatever future raises chase wanted to give her , because she was fantastic about the whole thing .
jesus , this was the thing he 'd been afraid of his whole life - ostracism .
dalton was beautiful and cool and totally out of tierney 's league , and the last thing tierney wanted from him was pity .
fingers twitching , tierney nearly reached for him again , almost taking dalton 's hand as if it was the most obvious , natural thing in the world for them to be skin to skin whenever near enough .
and then the most amazing thing happened .
` ` i was n't even invited to the fucking thing at fourteen . ''
because the worst thing that could happen was that their relationship would drive tierney to drink , and he 'd end up a penniless , toothless alcoholic living on the streets and dying by forty , and it would be all dalton 's fault .
about how he 'd seen the whole thing and he thought robert and his friends were the worst excuse for humans he 'd ever met .
` ` so i can apologize , '' he answered , as if it were the most normal thing in the world .
then the most obvious thing in the world occurred to him .
then the more frightening thing i 'd ever seen : he has made a fist and he 's cocking his arm back for the punch , level with my face .
the way his body reacted to me , the words and noises he spoke , his every response to the way i made him come was the most pleasing thing i could have had that night .
the next thing i knew i was on my back on the bed .
regardless , what came out of my mouth was : ` ` this is the most amazing thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
i also was on the verge of asking him if he had felt the same thing i did in the bathtub .
the deal with jacqueline mathers is the biggest thing that 's ever happened to him .
eight max called me first thing monday morning and told me he 'd talked to the editor of the tabloid .
that was a rare thing with max , but when he did so , i felt a surge of unique excitement at his blunt command .
or maybe he did say something and i just did n't hear it , because the next thing i knew i was waking up again , and about five minutes had passed .
but one thing i did n't do was play that card on my own .
nobody noticed a thing .
` ` and the thing is , i do n't even care .
` ` sure thing , rains .
` ` there 's one thing ... '' ` ` what 's that ? ''
tristan seemed to have personal knowledge of how this sort of thing worked and i was completely naive .
the first thing i noticed was a triangular wedge in the middle of the turned down bed .
when i had him , it was the most erotic and satisfying thing i 'd ever known .
that was the only thing it could be ... the only thing that would put that look of panic on his face and make my heart pound like cannon fire in my chest .
that was the only thing it could be ... the only thing that would put that look of panic on his face and make my heart pound like cannon fire in my chest .
artie will make sure the nypd knows about the ' jazzy ' thing and then they can get your father 's input . ''
the thing i remember the clearest was the midget who served coffee . ''
the valet took our keys and tristan led me through the doors as if seeing his father was the most natural thing in the world .
i think the only thing i ' ve accomplished anything by limiting the time i spend with him is to make me more miserable . ''
the worst part is my dad still thinks that asshole was the greatest fucking thing that has ever happened to me .
a moan from the television is the only thing that could tear my eyes away from that hard body .
i just watched that , and i was so aroused by the whole thing that i touched myself , too .
i keep replaying the entire thing in my head : the argument i had with calder in the garden , garrett 's unexpected arrival , the subsequent fight .
if there 's one good thing that 's come out of this situation , it 's that i was forced to come up with the solution on my own .
but if he 's here , that can only mean one thing .
i still have a lot to learn about calder , but one thing i do know : he ca n't resist a little friendly competition .
not that calder is n't still deeply entertained by the whole thing .
at some point , though , one or the other of us must move because the next thing i know , we 're on the ground , still holding each other .
obviously this whole thing has n't been a completely seamless process , but it would have been a lot worse without tim . ''
` ` it 's just the same thing over and over again , '' i say .
putting myself through the same thing time and again .
the next thing i know , he 's scooping me up and carrying me out of the room .
calder seems to suggest this is n't completely abnormal behavior for her - does that mean this will become a regular thing , her causing trouble and showing up in the middle of the night ?
` ` i 'll have them delivered first thing in the morning .
let me tell you about this thing .
the funny thing was that i did n't dwell on it .
i stepped into the shower without first letting the water warm , because ice water on the boys was not a pleasant thing , but that was what i deserved .
i felt like a porn star who 'd just won the golden cock , even though the only thing anyone could see was my head bobbing up and down and noah 's face with its expression of orgasmic pleasure .
my thick cock stretched her tight opening and it was the most erotic thing i 'd ever seen .
my happiness was the only thing my parents ever wanted for me .
in my defense , i had planned to talk to her about it after showing her the house , but then one thing led to another and ... well , there we were .
a one - time thing , then boom - done .
was this a regular thing for adam ?
the only thing i saw was a tall , elegant older man .
it was the most incredible thing i 'd ever seen .
a small laugh escaped because i had seen this kind of thing with my parents .
the last thing i heard was him murmuring my name and asking , ` ` what have you done to me , megan ? ''
then , he did the most unexpected thing , he pulled me into a hug .
feeling the soft comforter beneath my palms , i was n't gathering anything , instead , my mind turned to the one thing i 'd been dreaming about since i met rhys .
i knew right away it was n't a healthy thing to feel or admit to .
i looked at myself in the mirror and saw the same thing i always did .
what an awful thing to see .
all i knew was that feeling rhys inside of me was the single best thing i 'd ever experienced .
coming down from the most incredible thing i 'd ever endured .
i again have no idea what time it is , but there 's one thing i do know .
it 's the most intimate thing i ' ve ever experienced .
naz laughs to himself , like it 's the most amusing thing ever , a young girl flustered by his charm , but i feel only molten lava brewing in my gut .
thales said ' the most difficult thing in life is to know yourself . '
i think he 's joking , but when i shift around , so i can turn my head and see his face , the first thing i notice is the exhaustion .
another thing i ' ve noticed .
my eyes adjust to the darkness easily , used to adapting to the blackness after years of training them , and the first thing i notice is the poster .
` ` well maybe that 's true in whatever universe you live in , but here in the real world there 's such a thing as lying by omission , and it hurts just as bad .
it 's a beautiful thing , watching her throat muscles flex .
when i reopen them , the first thing i see is paul standing on the opposite side of the pool , directly across from karissa , his eyes slinking down her body , going dangerously close to those places they ought not go .
the city is bathed in a burning glow from the lights of the buildings , the only thing visible in the stark blackness .
it 's like you 're coming back from death , and it 's a goddamn beautiful thing to see .
` ` what sort of thing ? ''
` ` be in touch about that thing we talked about .
i pull the car into the garage , knowing i ' m going to clean it out first thing , and head inside to get what i need .
` ` it will be the last thing that you see , for a while .
it 's the last thing i hear before blissful sleep takes over .
` ` that whole thing was amazing , '' i gasp .
it 's the last thing i expected .
god , i ' ve missed this thing .
pace spends most of the afternoon with the baby , holding him , bouncing him on his knee , swimming with him in the pool ... and max remains quiet and content throughout the entire thing - his wide blue eyes pinned on the man holding him the entire time .
she releases a shuddery whisper soft sigh as though the sensation is the most pleasurable thing she 's felt in a long time .
but the most painful thing of all came a few weeks later .
first of all , that was the hottest fucking thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
although , i suppose i do n't know if he 's truly back , or if it was a one - time thing , him wanting to meet max .
it is the only thing that will break this spell pace has over me .
elan and i were never married , and max is the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
after he told the other kids off , he managed to turn the whole thing into a joke by saying gremlins were cool , then calling me gremlin .
mia removes her own tank top from over her head , and i swear i see the whole thing in slow motion to the beat of hypnotic music .
but i know one thing . ''
through the whole thing , the conversation seems to center on children and family .
` ` master black hauled her out of class first thing .
that 's the last thing amery remembered .
this whole rooftop thing you ' ve got going on is beyond fabulous .
chapter eight it was the most marvelous thing ever , being in ronin 's arms as he carried her upstairs .
` ` yes , such a sad thing .
the first thing she looked up was the definition .
when he did n't immediately respond , another thing occurred to her .
the only thing that will bother me is if you 're not honest about how you 're feeling .
i always worried about having a client like that , because i feared this very thing would happen .
one thing led to another and i went home with him . ''
` ` he set this whole thing up .
the next thing he knew , knox had broken his grip on the chair and had shoved him against the wall , wrapping his hand around ronin 's neck in a submission hold .
but the strangest thing has happened in the past few weeks after you left your designs with me . ''
next thing she knew , she was briefly airborne before her back hit the mat with a hundred and eighty pounds of ronin black on top of her .
` ` that 's the only thing that 'll be quick about this .
the next thing she knew , ronin was standing next to the breakfast bar looking at her .
while i remember thinking wet , naked bodies sliding together was the greatest invention ever , the best thing to come out of that '' -amery groaned at his pun- '' was the woman warning me not to neglect my sexual skills because i was easy to look at . ''
i did n't tell you one little thing that happened in my life , so you use that as an excuse to hide a big goddamn secret from me ? ''
first thing tomorrow he 'd contact the club owner and get the manager canned for breaking the confidential terms of service .
` ` it 's the worst thing i ' ve ever been through .
` ` one thing to remember .
first thing he noticed was the bruise on her left cheekbone .
the next thing she knew ronin was in her face , his hands braced on the back of the couch .
then his sensei did the oddest thing .
the only thing i omitted was the spanking .
` ` i wanted to see you again , '' he said , like it was the most natural thing in the world .
watching him come in such an intimate position was the most erotic thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` god , that was the most satisfying thing i ' ve seen in a while . ''
i felt something stirring inside my stomach , the first pleasant thing i 'd felt since my encounter with jennifer .
the whole thing had left me utterly dumbstruck .
` ` well , you ' ve been arriving late , leaving early , taking long lunches , that kind of thing .
australian firearms laws are notoriously tough , so it 's just not the kind of thing we are exposed to .
the thing with liv ... was that like this ? ''
` ` we were still trying to figure it out , but then yesterday , the same thing happened with simon .
i do n't think anyone would rest easy after a thing like that . ''
i felt like i was finally getting all of him , no more shields , no more secrets , he was finally letting it all go , and it was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever experienced .
that must have been the most satisfying thing in the world . ''
i may not have much experience with this sort of thing , but last time shit hit the fan , i stepped up .
the only thing better than giving blake head was getting it from him .
watching him eat me with such passion , this flawlessly beautiful man in his flawless tuxedo , pleasuring me like his life depended on it , was possibly the most erotic thing i 'd ever witnessed .
you probably have the whole thing planned out already . ''
he pulled back and moved sideways , and the next thing i felt was the lash of his belt across my thighs .
unfortunately , sex was n't the only thing i had to look forward to .
i closed my eyes , unable to comprehend facing marie and adding one more hurtful thing to the pile of ashes my life had become .
she was n't ashamed of a thing they 'd done behind closed doors .
the meal was sort of strange , in that with all the sexual things the four of them had done together , it was the first time they 'd eaten a meal in the same place .
lucky thing i ' m a jack - of - all - trades , eh ? ''
i want every damn thing with you , want to give you everything you ' ve ever wanted .
chapter four when kade walked into the boars nest , the old ranch house he shared with his brother kane and his cousin colt , the first thing he noticed was jasmine on her knees giving colt a blowjob .
kade just wanted the whole f**king thing to end .
the thing i ' m most in danger from is being barfed on either by the babies or the mothers - to - be . ''
feelin ' responsible for every damn thing that happens on our place .
second thing he noticed was aj glaring at him .
the only thing , actually . ''
witnessing the ecstasy on his face as he slowly sank inside her to the root was one of the sexiest things she 'd ever seen .
now kade was here , giving her the opportunity to bare all the emotions she 'd kept inside about how their miracle ` ` oops '' was the best thing that 'd ever happened to her .
the next thing she knew , the bedcovers were flung back and his hot , naked body was pressed against hers .
it was the sexiest thing she 'd ever witnessed , the contour of his brawny body tensed in anticipation .
so in my mind , that makes him the best thing that 's happened to you .
funny thing is , colt was supposed to head up the cattle grazin ' experiment , not me .
this ai n't a temporary thing for me .
` ` it was the most humiliating thing that 's ever happened to me .
father and daughter snuggled together like it was the most natural thing in the world .
one thing skylar could n't deny was kade 's commitment to eliza .
dee shooed the kids away , but nadia watched the whole thing . ''
even india had snapped at her , babbling nonsense about nice guys finishing first , recognizing a good thing , and ending with india threatening to put a boot in her ass if she was too stupid to know she had to fight this time .
` ` sweets , you 're a great boss , but you have the attitude bad things do n't happen in wyoming .
it was n't an odd thing for cash to call him and ask for help in giving gemma an experience she 'd never forget : f**king two men at the same time .
` ` that hair thing .
because the same thing happened to me on my ranch last year . ''
the next thing chassie knew , trevor whooped , plucked her up and raced upstairs to the bedroom with edgard hot on their heels .
` ` it 's the damndest thing .
it 'd be rude not to try 'em after she went to all that trouble to bake 'em fresh and bring 'em over here first thing this mornin ' . ''
i said something like ' why wait ' and the next thing i knew , logan and i were kissing .
it 's a helluva thing to see . ''
` ` that 's a plain mean thing to taunt a guy with who has n't had sex in the last three years . ''
the next thing happened in some kind of sick , slow motion .
` ` but there is one thing i remember . ''
the next thing she knew , colt gently shook her awake .
` ` but the thing is , he 's not always choosing me .
we were dancing at the golden boot , one thing led to another ... and we ended up back at his place . ''
` ` first thing this morning .
being with you like this is the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time . ''
` ` but we will bring you back to her and cam first thing in the morning . ''
how he had a chance to make this - another thing that 'd gone wrong in his life - right .
the only thing you make me want to do is punch you in the face . ''
they met in denver and cheyenne , talked , one thing led to another ... blah blah blah .
` ` i was hoping to get it out of the way first thing this morning . ''
there was n't a damn thing to watch .
so they start picking on me and i volleyed it back , and the next thing we were all ragging on keely .
` ` does that barfing thing happen often ? ''
or maybe she 'd dreamed the whole damn thing .
afterward , spent and wrapped in each other , jack murmured , ` ` first thing tomorrow we need to have a serious talk , okay ? ''
there 's this scrimmage thing at halftime , and hayden 's been practicing his sprint drills .
one thing led to another , and within a year of my assignment we were engaged in this torrid affair . ''
one thing he did n't do ?
sad thing was he was so desperate for the sound of his brother 's widow 's voice he almost answered it .
` ` so it was a one - time thing ? ''
` ` no , it was n't a one - time thing .
you 're a good man and the best thing that 's happened to her since she moved to sundance .
` ` lucky thing you do n't have to . ''
maybe she was interrupting some family thing .
` ` every one of my mckay cousins showed up this morning and that 's a rare thing , trust me . ''
` ` honestly , the only thing that surprises me ?
` ` the same thing that happened in tisdale 's .
brandt stepped over the threshold and the first thing he noticed was her butt .
and i almost let the best thing that ever happened to me get away because i was afraid to take a chance . ''
` ` do n't take too long , because she will come looking for you first thing . ''
she must ' ve dozed off because the next thing she knew , brandt was shaking her awake .
one thing they did n't speak of ?
` ` she 's takin ' care of him at her house on tuesdays , but on thursdays she tells dad she 's volunteering for some church thing when she 's really at my place . ''
this thing could be the start of something big .
` ` which is a shame because i had great plans involving me tasting your sugar plum first thing this morning . ''
the only good thing to come outta luke 's death was her leaving . ''
the next thing brandt knew , he 'd pushed the smarmy son of a bitch into the wall and pressed his arm across his father 's windpipe , holding him in place .
joan did the oddest thing : she tugged jessie against her for a fierce hug .
` ` first thing tomorrow .
` ` the best thing was when i won the man of steel competition last year . ''
` ` what about the worst thing that ever happened to you ? ''
` ` i 'd hoped ... until the same thing happened with the next guy to come along .
first thing chase noticed : ryan was n't spurring much , but he remained on the bull , matching his upper body movements to every jerk and twist .
sad thing was ?
ava slipped her shoes off first thing and sighed .
` ` meeting you is the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
chase crowded him , so the only thing the camera picked up was an extreme close up of chase 's vest .
the owner worked the door and ainsley knew he was aware of every single thing that went on inside this room .
` ` some flu thing .
` ` that 's always good news to hear first thing on monday morning . ''
` ` so now that you ' ve given me the spiel , lay the paperwork on me and i 'll get it to my office manager first thing in the morning .
sounds like gavin is gon na show up for chase 's thing this weekend .
but the thing i saw that knocked me to my knees ?
do n't talk yourself out of what could be the best thing that 's ever happened to you because you 're scared . ''
i want this angelic face to be the first thing i see in the morning and the last thing i see at night .
` ` give me an example of a major thing . ''
` ` at least that 's one thing your mother and i did right .
you just waltz in here and kiss the crap outta me first thing ? ''
funny thing , tell .
that one thing .
the only thing that calms him down is bein ' held , so me'n jess take turns . ''
` ` this thing is already over . ''
next thing tell knew , he was surrounded by half - a - dozen women .
that was the last thing georgia had ever expected to see .
her father had set up the entire thing .
then her dad did the strangest thing .
marin godfrey had taken it upon herself to befriend sierra first thing in homeroom yesterday .
next thing she knew , hot boone from the back of the bus plopped in the seat across from her and smiled .
` ` only because you ' ve never made it through the whole thing so you ca n't know how great it is . ''
the last thing gavin heard : ` ` lock the damn door , cowgirl . ''
good thing to remember for next time .
like hey , we 're here alone , let 's f**k first thing and get it out of the way . ''
` ` i ' m not making an excuse , but this type of ... thing has been happening to me . ''
with coal mining , railroads , oil production and agriculture , people constantly moving in and out of the area , not only in the last fifty years , but the last hundred years ... things that happened , even scandalous things , would get lost in the shuffle , sierra . ''
probably just a mckay pride thing , since it was n't in mckay hands , or a competition thing between dad and uncle casper .
probably just a mckay pride thing , since it was n't in mckay hands , or a competition thing between dad and uncle casper .
` ` that is a random thing to remember .
heck , they 'll plan the whole damn thing , most likely . ''
almost as if they expected this death thing had been a horrible mix - up , and angela would be climbing out of the car .
` ` damndest thing .
` ` because i saw a bad thing . ''
it was a sweet , romantic thing to plan , trev . ''
it 's an amazing thing your body can do .
` ` and there 's only so much the school district can do to protect your child from this type of thing becoming a daily occurrence . ''
the last thing keely heard was jack 's mom asking if carolyn knew any single men .
the next thing she knew she 'd been flipped on her back and jack hung above her .
if it 'd been a one - time thing between her and dalton - like the night she 'd given him her virginity - she could blame him .
getting left at the altar ranks as one of the worst things that 's happened to me , yet it also led to the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
getting left at the altar ranks as one of the worst things that 's happened to me , yet it also led to the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
` ` the only sure thing is that i ' ve screwed it up every single time i ' ve been nekkid - or partially nekkid - with you .
the next thing she knew , his head was between her legs and his mouth was on her pu**y .
` ` my family is havin ' a thing tonight and i 'd like you to go with me . ''
except for the leprechaun thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing rory , i do n't know it . ''
` ` hitting the bars never was me'n jess 's thing , so it 's been a while for me . ''
i was married to luke and although we had issues , one thing i 'd never do is break a confidence . ''
` ` hottest f**king thing in the world would be to see you on your knees lapping up that sweet juice on the inside of my thigh and then that wicked tongue of yours licking my dick clean . ''
my power went out first thing this morning so i ' m at mom and gavin 's .
` ` that was the most romantic thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
` ` that 's one thing you can be very sure about . ''
` ` that was the most magnificent thing i ' ve ever seen .
but the very first thing ... carson turned her toward him .
in carson 's opinion , india ellison was the greatest thing that had ever happened to his son .
the first f**kin ' thing . ''
the next thing happened in slow motion .
same thing happens when i tell them to put away their clothes .
the funny thing ?
` ` we ' ve stood behind our sons , and this sorta thing has happened to each one of them at least once , partially because their last name is mckay .
only thing i ' m pissy about is you did n't bring me food .
he hated to burst her bubble , but a big damn party was the last thing they wanted to celebrate this milestone in their lives .
` ` good thing you 're carryin ' around a cane , old man .
that 's the good thing about bein ' old ; no one expects us to stay for the whole thing .
` ` same thing just happened to me . ''
it 's quite a rare thing to find a woman telling you the truth when you 're an unmarried billionaire in a world of material greed and insatiable want .
had i imagined the whole thing ?
rose looks up , not seeming the least bit embarrassed ; i ' m pretty sure she would n't care if i watched the whole thing from start to finish .
lucian , however , keeps his hands on the table , and if not for the flush still staining his cheekbones , i would think i had imagined the whole thing .
that 's probably the last thing you need to see . ''
the whole thing still feels unreal to me .
i have gone to a few parties with rose when she refused to take no for an answer , but i do n't enjoy that kind of thing .
possibly , it was just a one - time thing .
` ` that was n't the same thing , luc , '' she says quietly .
that 's the last thing i recall , though . ''
i remember he kept laughing , as if the whole thing was hysterical .
he punched me again when i kept fighting , and that 's the last thing i remember .
what if the same thing happens to lia ?
i ca n't help it ; the whole thing is comical to me .
` ` one thing , though , surprised me from her report this month .
for one thing you ran into the wrong bathroom , and i 'd like to use my own toilet . ''
the next thing layla knew , jessica had gathered her up in a hug .
nathan was n't sure who reached for who , but the next thing he knew , she was in his arms and they were kissing .
` ` and the stupid thing is , i did n't even like you that much .
they 're all like , ' what if the same thing happens and he turns out to be an abusive asshole ? '
you see , the thing was , i thought he wanted somebody to blame for the fire , but all he really wanted was an explanation .
the way maria proceeded to fuss over her for the next half - hour would make one think the worst thing in the world that could ever happen to a person was to not have anything to eat for a whole twenty - four hours .
but just as she made it to the cage entrance , he grabbed her by the arm and the next thing she knew , she was pinned underneath him .
in fact , the next thing she felt was his hand , smoothing back her hair .
and then came the thing she had n't quite known she 'd been waiting for ... her eyes rolled and her breath caught in her throat as wave after wave of the most intense pleasure she had ever known slammed into her .
` ` the only thing i ' m sorry about is that i did n't floor the gas when our stupid sheriff showed up , '' she grumbled , folding her arms .
` ` the colorado king and queen are babysitting him tonight , and we 're scheduled to see him first thing in the morning .
and the last thing she ever wanted to do was trigger another aspie kid .
the next thing she knew , she was on her back , her legs spread open , with the vibrator still lodged in her convulsing womanhood .
if not for the fact that her lady parts felt pretty worked over , and she was buck - naked and in a hotel room at the cliffrose inn , she would have thought maybe she had hallucinated the whole thing .
apparently mac knew better than to look free vacation days in the mouth , because the next thing they heard was the sound of his receding footsteps .
he 'd had wilder sex , slept with more experienced women , done kinkier things , but being with josie was the most intimate thing that had ever happened to him .
that was when he made a solemn vow to himself : every single thing he 'd fantasized about while they were making love would eventually come to pass , because he would be keeping josie even after their agreed upon time was up .
` ` also , in situations like josie 's , shame is an ongoing thing .
` ` thing is , she should n't be calling you anything .
he staggered , felt his eyelids droop , and that was the last thing he remembered before waking up with a headache - one so powerful , he would have described it as blinding if he were n't already blind .
in fact , it was the worst thing that had ever happened to him .
yet even though his voice shook when he spoke -- and this was likely the first apology he 'd made to anyone in over twenty years -- there was just one more thing she had to see to truly believe he meant what he 'd just said .
nikolai met her glance with a hard stare , as if waiting for her to finish her conversation with marco was the most annoying thing that had happened to him all day .
the only thing he had n't anticipated was that after tying the man up ( ignoring natasha 's desperate pleas for his life ) he 'd commanded nikolai to come with him .
the next thing she knew , her back hit the bed .
the next thing nikolai knew , his hands were around his father 's thick neck ` ` bastard .
more derisive laughter from sergei as if nikolai in his despair was the funniest thing he 'd ever seen .
it 's probably just an nhl thing or something .
never had she seen such a thing .
was such a thing possible ?
it was the most erotic thing she had ever experienced .
` ` the same thing happened to me and my harvey .
it was the most erotic , incredible thing she 'd ever known .
it was the most incredible thing she 'd ever experienced .
the thing to remember is it 's temporary .
the only thing worse than a full - alert is a solar eclipse .
the next thing she knew , kyrian held her in his arms while nick talked to her mother .
and while you 're mulling that one over , let me tell you another thing julian said .
the next thing he knew , everything went black .
now the only thing styxx feared was that he would never escape the horror of his existence .
her mind flashed from one thing to another like bursts of lightning , which was as intriguing as it was confusing .
i was here , he was here , and then he said , ' let 's do it , ' and the next thing i knew , the spoon was in my hand and i was going for it . ''
it was just a once - in - a - lifetime kind of thing . ''
i ' m having some bizarre flashback kind of thing .
talon let out a curse , then the next thing she knew , two daggers came out from under talon 's coat on her coffee table and flew into talon 's hands .
the next thing she knew , everything went black .
the next thing zarek knew , he was hit with a god - bolt .
the last thing he 'd seen was the druid holding his head back and then making the savage cut across his throat .
zarek still did n't know why he 'd done it , other than the fact that pissing people off was the only thing that truly gave him pleasure .
she had never heard of such a thing before .
such a thing was unheard of .
one thing in your life that was good . ''
` ` damn , '' he said as he turned the fan blade with his finger and remembered another thing zarek had once told him .
the last thing he really remembered was trying to leave astrid 's cabin ...
astrid felt the most remarkable thing then .
the last thing he heard was ash 's voice .
the last thing she saw was a blind zarek turning around to face thanatos .
they had called him first thing this evening to let him know one of their scouts had spotted a group of unknown daimons in the city , out on the prowl .
then he did the most unexpected thing of all , he dipped his head down and kissed her .
it was the only thing that was inevitable .
it was the most intimate thing she 'd ever experienced .
then zarek did the most surprising thing of all ; he bent down and chucked the baby on the chin .
if the worst thing that ever happened to her was taylor leaving her , then she was truly blessed .
vane tried to imagine such a thing .
and it told him one thing .
the next thing she knew , she sank her teeth into vane 's shoulder .
` ` i would say yes , but you look like the only thing you can start is bleeding .
and then he heard the strangest thing of all ... ` ` laugh it up , ass**le .
valerius cleared his throat and tried to imagine such a thing .
the last thing he 'd ever expected was to meet ash 's girlfriend in the quarter without him .
next thing you know , you 'll actually like me . ''
the next thing tabitha knew , she was back in valerius 's library right where she 'd been standing .
yesterday , i was the baddest thing stalking the night .
it was the only thing in her life that she truly regretted .
` ` weddings have always been a fascinating thing to me , '' he said , his voice ringing out .
the next thing she 'd known , it was late and time for her to head back to her apartment - style residence hall .
such a thing was n't possible .
at first he turned marco , and the next thing i knew , marco was dead .
` ` forget armageddon , this is the scariest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
next thing you know , he 's shifted into a bear , maman is having a fit , and all of us are left to control the crowd and keep them from remembering that they just saw a kid become an animal .
you ca n't hold on to a form after such a thing . ''
there 's no such thing as noble duels anymore .
but after a minute of waiting with nothing else running amok , she dared a glance over the back of the couch to discover the most incredible thing of all had happened ...
it was the strangest thing she 'd ever seen .
what is this mating thing you guys keep talking about ? ''
` ` so what was the bonding thing you mentioned to phoenix ? ''
except for one thing that he remembered clearly .
there 's no such thing as divorce in our world .
such a thing was common and even tolerated .
` ` what was the last thing you remember ? ''
` ` c'm on , geary , i may be half - blind , but that man is the finest thing i ' ve ever seen ... blurry or not .
what 's the worst thing that could happen ? ''
he 'd never heard of such a thing before .
the last thing i saw before they blinded me was my mother dying while trying to protect me .
he made a choking noise as if touching artemis was the worst thing he could imagine .
the next thing she knew , she was lifted from her feet and pinned to the wall .
the next thing she knew both sin and apollymi were gone .
the sad thing was , the prophecy had been correct .
but one thing he has to do is listen to me . ''
it was really sad when that was the best thing an all - powerful , immortal god could look forward to .
the next thing he knew , she 'd head - butted him .
` ` is there such a thing as bad food ? ''
i 'd never seen a more beautiful woman , so i stopped to chat with her , and then next thing i knew , we were laughing .
it was the most horrific thing i ' ve ever seen and now i ' m scarred by it .
the sad thing was , damien was probably right about that .
kat stepped forward as xypher tried to grab the whip again , only to have the same thing happen .
when she 'd come here , this reception was the last thing she 'd expected .
the only thing better would have been to have taken his woman and have her hold the lock in her chest .
` ` and he could get killed which is one thing i will never allow . ''
then the next thing i know you 're walking out the door with your pockets stuffed with my money , telling the world what an ass**le i am .
next thing i knew he 'd started snaking on the bitch .
the most amazing thing is she always told me she absolutely hated him .
and there in the meager light she saw the most incredible thing of all , the glimmer of trust in his green eyes an instant before he gave her a kiss so powerful , it stole her breath .
it was the most frustrating thing he could imagine .
i want him intact so that the only thing he 'll focus on is what he 's done to himself .
but one thing she remembered clearly ... the first time she 'd had it .
the next thing she knew , they were outside , standing on ursulines street .
the last thing i heard was her telling me to go left at the light .
and what awakened me was the most startling thing of all .
truly his transformation has been the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever witnessed .
and then the most miraculous thing of all happened .
as i did so , the strangest thing happened .
but as they moved among people , acheron remembered one thing that had n't changed .
the sight of her doing that ... the sensation of her hot tongue on his skin was the most incredible thing he 'd ever experienced .
the next thing he knew , he was falling onto the floor of his own bedroom .
the next thing he knew , ryssa reached up and grabbed his ear in a tight pinch .
the next thing he knew , he was under the covers .
she shivered even harder as if it were the most repulsive thing she could imagine .
the next thing he knew , styxx had him by the throat .
that was an odd thing for a burglar to miss .
in this one thing , he was the mighty mountain who would n't be moved .
yet she remembered clearly the last thing she 'd seen before she blacked out .
the next thing i knew , ash was there and they were dead .
the only thing she could n't stand was to have her beloved father and uncle mocked .
the next thing tory knew , artemis had shoved her inside the room and shut the door , locking her in with ash .
the next thing she knew , she was in ash 's arms again .
and the last thing i heard , stryker 's getting ready to break badass all over us . ''
and i knew that was the one thing i was n't strong enough to bear ... living on after your death that i caused . ''
hopefully i ' m the one thing he wo n't see coming . ''
it had to be the most depressing thing she 'd ever seen .
it 's a rare thing . ''
the one thing he regretted most out of all this was that as zeus 's slave , he 'd never see her again .
but the most peculiar thing was a pink bunny strapped to one hip by his belt and a mutated teddy bear strapped to the other .
yet the most shocking thing was the black - headed toddler swathed in a pink jumper in aidan 's arms .
the one thing fang could n't stomach was to see a woman threatened , never mind harmed .
` ` that 's a hell of a thing to hope for .
that 's the one thing in my life i would have no other way . ''
i saw the whole thing ... . well , not his actual death , but that i felt as the slug demon so there 's no doubt that the daimons feeding on him are what killed him .
` ` first thing this morning she tries to bake remi 's baskin - robbins ice cream cake in the oven 'cause she thinks that 's what a baked alaska is , now she 's defying orders and disturbing you .
the last thing she 'd seen before she died had been her own sister 's face at the back of the daimons .
` ` an empusa is n't an easy thing to track .
but the sad thing was , she could n't help him .
` ` now let 's see about this mating thing . ''
not a single thing had ever given him pleasure or made him think for even a second that the world was anything but utter misery for the fools unfortunate enough to be born into it .
the last thing she remembered was being strangled by her worst enemy .
jess gaped at the last thing he 'd expected to see .
looking over the side of the hole , he saw her panicked face staring up at him , and that was the most beautiful thing he 'd seen in over a century .
really ... there was another thing she 'd never known was possible .
next thing you know , you 'll be drowning pancakes with syrup , too . ''
and then the worst thing happened .
abigail tried , but the only thing she felt was the weight of jess 's head in her lap and the heaviness of her conscience that still flogged her over all of this .
the sad thing was , she had been .
and froze in the corner as he saw the most shocking thing of all time .
closing his eyes , he savored the warmth of her touch , and tried to imagine a life where such a thing was n't a rarity .
noir laughed like it was the funniest thing he 'd ever seen .
she 'd never heard of such a thing , never mind the fact that they were two different species .
i swear if they did , i will stalk them down and kick their teeth in until they beg me to stop and even then i 'll ... '' lydia froze as she heard the most incredible thing of all .
but the most shocking thing came when he turned to assess her as a threat .
everyone had depended on her for every little thing .
but the one thing she had seen and that she could feel was that he did love his brother .
that 's the last thing i recall . ''
and hopefully that was the worst thing the bastard had done to her .
the only thing she would enjoy was kicking velkan 's balls so hard that they came out of his nostrils .
what he did n't say was that she 'd caused him to suffer the very thing he 'd wanted most to avoid ... a lifetime spent without her .
` ` first thing in the morning , i ' m having the instructor meet you at your house where i ' m sure you 'll feel a little more comfortable .
forget horror , that was the scariest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the next thing she knew , she was in donovan 's arms , held unrelentingly against his chest , enveloped in his scent and his heat , no words spoken as his mouth trapped hers in a breath - stealing kiss .
` ` savannah ... '' her name on his lips was the most glorious thing she had ever heard .
given all the obstacles between her and freedom , it might be a dumb thing to get an attitude about - but there it was .
the only thing that might save her was the fact that he did n't know her well enough to guess the truth .
as soon as it was finished , she returned to the cave to find the last thing she would have ever thought possible .
the only thing that could make it better would be to have her daughter with them .
the unified fury in the phrixians ' gazes was a thing of beauty and raw terror .
` ` the only thing i regret are all the times i let you use me to hurt my uncles . ''
sumi met her strokes , but quickly realized one thing .
it was the weirdest thing , honey . ''
` ` you know , omari , the sad thing is i think that 's what we all want . ''
but it all came down to one simple thing .
` ` i suggest you recant your contract on me first thing after you have your knee tended .
` ` now why do n't you stop this thing and let me out .
it could only be given , and it was a rare , rare thing .
a bad thing happened to me over a candy bar once when i was a kid .
that was the last thing syn wanted to happen to him .
` ` i think the hardest thing for me was watching caillen drop out of school to help out .
` ` it seems like a strange thing for ... '' ` ` a street rat , filch , trash- '' she cut him off with a growl .
` ` yeah , and that 's a rare thing in this world . ''
and in that instant , she realized the most frightening thing of all .
it was a rare thing and syn was remarkable that way .
that was the only thing he 'd ever wanted in his life .
i 'll go see her first thing in the morning . ''
i know what kind of man you are , and the only thing i would change is your needless insobriety . ''
syn would be dead by then , and that was the one thing she could never allow .
it was also the last thing she ever expected to see ...
` ` i 'll have hauk come over first thing . ''
another thing the humans had done to him ...
but seeing that monster through her amber eyes was the most painful thing he 'd ever endured .
what a strange thing , given how much art syn collected .
believe me , it 's a rare thing and i do n't want to be nice to someone i ca n't stand because i have to be politically correct .
nykyrian could n't breathe as he heard the last thing he 'd expected .
there was only one thing she wanted , one thing left to wish for .
there was only one thing she wanted , one thing left to wish for .
and then she felt the most incredible thing of all .
the next thing she knew , she was downstairs in a women 's bathroom stall .
there was one good thing that came from the battle .
i ' ve never heard of such a thing before . ''
one thing evalle had heard about a sterling witch was that once she said , ` ` so let it be said , so let it be known , '' adrianna could not recant or deny her words .
call her jumpy , but this whole majik thing had destroyed any comfort zone .
there was one thing worse than death , and she would risk supernatural power backlashing in this domain before she 'd submit to that .
next thing i knew , i was in alaska , wearing animal skins and heavy boots with a group of new belador recruits being trained .
` ` heads roll when that sort of thing happens .
` ` the sad thing is that i ' m ready to try for more with him , but i may not get a chance .
silence built into a living thing between kizira and cathbad until the queen added her bit .
now she 'll cry while i gloat about predicting this very thing .
` ` next thing i know , i ' m waking up in a holding tank with all these creatures .
the last thing he recalled was her screaming , her eyes black with rage as she 'd wielded a sword .
her last thought before she blacked out : one more thing to blame him for ... ... lanthe dreamed of a voice .
because the only thing she feared more than dragons and demonic hordes was getting pregnant by a vrekener .
at the sight , three things happened : he almost fell out of the tree .
the only thing that could make this better would be if she was straddling his own tongue at the same time .
the last thing she saw was nereus throwing back his head to give a loud laugh .
now you can , but only here , where there 's no such thing as matehood . ''
she frowned , but that was the least extraordinary thing she 'd seen this day .
colin never understood why it was a surprise that kids died or disappeared more frequently here than other places from things like exposure , pneumonia , and suicide .
the first thing colin notices when he reaches lucy 's field is that the snow is undisturbed .
` ` this one guy had the same thing happen , '' he continues ` ` fell in a lake , hypothermia , saw the world in a way he 'd never seen it before .
because of the way your cellular activity slows , brain death is the very last thing .
here 's the thing : it was n't a tragedy .
` ` the upperclassmen have this evil thing called winter social every year before the holiday .
seriously , jay , it was the most incredible thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
this is the strangest thing that has ever happened in this universe ; he 's convinced of it .
` ` that 's why colin did n't tell me how i died at first ; he worried it would be the thing that would send me away for good . ''
his smile makes my chest do a fluttery , flipping thing .
` ` it 's a touristy thing , but it 's sort of required at least once in your lifetime . ''
being around gruesimone is a paradoxical comfort : she 's so unpleasant , but it makes me love harlow and lola even more , and seeing them is the one thing i ' m looking forward to when i return home .
` ` you thought it was the first thing i noticed , but it was n't .
` ` let me tell you another thing about bane , '' raphael began .
it was the one thing they had not planned for , magnus realized in sudden horror .
the whole thing had been extremely odd .
` ` the thing is ... he 's gone . ''
the next thing she knew , bat was swinging a blow at the boy that should have shattered his jaw , only the boy was no longer there .
i doubt maryse is any fonder of me- '' ` ` please , '' jace said , and though his voice was flat and he spoke quietly , clary could almost feel , like a palpable thing , the pride he 'd had to fight down to say that single word .
the last thing he saw was the flame of his torch guttering green and blue before it was swallowed up by the darkness .
then again , that was the sort of thing boyfriends did , did n't they ?
it seemed like the sort of thing the queen would find amusing .
` ` and if you could stop blaming each other all the time for every bad thing that happens downworld , maybe the nephilim would start taking you seriously and actually do something about it . ''
the next thing i knew i was listening to five people shouting .
surely there was such a thing as caffeine poisoning ?
but the terror was a live thing inside her , uncontrollable .
it 's a central meeting place - celebrations take place there , marriages , dances , that sort of thing .
` ` the accords , '' valentine was saying angrily , ` ` were not just the worst idea the clave has ever had , but the worst thing that could happen to nephilim .
it was not a quiet , instant thing , like in a movie ; his voice choked off in a gurgle and his eyes rolled back and he went limp and heavy , his arm bent awkwardly under him .
` ` jace ... '' ` ` this does explain one thing , '' jace said without looking at alec .
he was a warlock who had always been close to my family ; he was the one we called on when we needed a healing spell , that sort of thing .
the whole thing , from the moment he 'd fallen into the pit , had taken less than a minute .
it 'll be the last thing i ever see .
music , dancing , games , that sort of thing .
this is the thing that 's really going to take us over the top . ''
` ` this sort of thing happens to you all the time , does n't it ?
and i thought maia was maybe the bad thing you 'd done that you were trying to make up for . ''
there was only one thing it could be .
clary supposed they could just have portaled into the bone city - she 'd been there before ; she knew what it looked like - but jace said there were rules about that sort of thing , and clary could n't shake the feeling that the silent brothers might find it rather rude .
the prospect of dying had never frightened him much , but the thought of going insane was nearly the worst thing he could imagine .
her mother had always said that she herself had been a late bloomer , and clary , looking at her own reflection , had wondered if the same thing might happen to her .
` ` but i can tell you one thing .
` ` believe me , you two were the last thing i expected to see . ''
she had taken part in the battle at brocelind in idris , and had thought that was the worst thing she would ever see .
jace 's mouth on hers , the only warm thing in a shivering world .
the whole thing had been a blur - the pack carrying their leader in , the healing kit , clary and her mother struggling to get a glimpse of luke as the wolves seemed to close ranks against them .
jordan was beginning to get that feeling he got sometimes , that he was saying something unfortunate , without knowing exactly what that thing was .
she saw simon glancing down at his right hand , and realized the same thing had happened to him .
` ` often ' a boring thing you have to memorize in history class , ' but in this case , ' an offer of an evening of blisteringly white - hot romance with yours truly . ' ''
not the sort of thing i enjoy .
it was so clean she wondered if the whole thing had been a dream - the blood , the conversation in the kitchen with sebastian , all of it .
the last thing she saw before she closed her eyes was the face of the skull in the archway .
` ` do n't tell me that 's the strangest thing you ' ve seen today . ''
` ` you know , what train i should take , that sort of thing .
` ` the funny thing is , if i 'd been wearing gear , this would n't have happened .
it meant you wanted to ease their pain , and at the same time you were thanking god that whatever the bad thing was that had happened , it had n't happened to them .
` ` it could have been that whole thing where you stabbed him . ''
the one thing i had n't experienced was growing old with someone - someone i loved .
as far as i ' m concerned , this is the worst thing that 's happened since i found out why magnus was banned from peru . ''
` ` why is it , '' he said after a moment , ` ` that whenever i think i ' ve found the most terrible thing that could happen to me , i ' m always wrong . ''
the last thing she saw was the great burning whirl of a portal , opening onto the impossible sight of angel square , before she slid into nothingness .
simon wanted to snap back that the unusual thing that was going on was that he 'd just been kidnapped and taken to idris for the second time in his life , but he was feeling too nauseated .
then imagine what you would do to make that thing happen .
and for someone who has been a silent brother as long as you have , that must be a rare thing . ''
` ` there is one other thing you can do , one thing you can show us , that will make me spare you . ''
he sounded as if the whole thing was rather exciting and he was sad not to be a greater part of it .
i mean , this sort of thing does n't happen every day .
it was beautiful , the first beautiful thing clary had seen since they 'd entered the demon realm .
she kept her eyes wide open as he shuddered apart , his face against her neck , saying her name over and over , and when finally she closed her eyes , she thought she saw the cavern blaze up in gold and white , wrapping them both in heavenly fire , the most beautiful thing she had ever seen .
both looked very uncomfortable , as if seeing two adults embrace was about the worst thing you could glimpse , even in the demon realms .
the next thing i knew , i jolted awake , my heart pounding and mouth dry .
forcing my eyes open , i saw the same thing i always saw after being hauled out of the training rooms and deposited - mostly unconscious - in my cell .
but the next thing had me searching for a way out of the room .
his chest rose in a deep breath , and a very rare thing happened .
beside her , archer looked a bit unnerved by the whole thing .
she did n't stir once through the whole thing .
not a damn thing happened the entire drive , except for luc and paris arguing over the radio like an old married couple .
` ` i think the whole mutating - you thing was my fault . ''
it 's the last thing i wanted to go through again . ''
1 { katy } back in the day , i had this plan for the off chance that i was around for the whole end - of - the - world thing .
` ` the worst thing that could happen is her arm rotting off . ''
the only thing that seemed to dampen the roar in my veins and the tightening of every muscle in my body was the shocking scarlet swipe under the corner of her lip .
touching her shoulders lightly , i lowered my mouth to just below her shoulder blades and placed a reverent kiss against each of the scars , wishing i could somehow wipe them away , erase the memory of the whole damn thing .
police surrounded the fleet of cars , and while that seemed like a normal thing during a war or alien invasion , every officer i saw who was n't wearing sunglasses was rocking luxen eyes .
` ` there is one thing that the invading luxen really have no defense against . ''
there 's that love - struck thing you were wondering about in beth and dawson 's room .
` ` this whole luxen two - way - radio thing is really weird , '' i said , because someone needed to say it .
i got why she did , and the last thing i wanted to do was break her heart by telling her there was no way we could risk doing that right now .
the strangest thing happened .
several moments passed and i remembered the strangest thing .
watching kat was the last thing and the first thing i remembered .
watching kat was the last thing and the first thing i remembered .
pressing her down onto her back and settling between her legs , i helped her hold the darkness back so that the only thing she felt was my hands , my skin , and everything i felt for her .
i also have a thousand reasons to lie to you , but the whole tagging thing ?
there is no such thing as a coincidence when dealing with demons .
there 's more - a third or fourth thing , but we do n't know for sure .
he was n't a hugging type of guy , so it was the closest thing to an embrace i 'd ever get .
* * * thursday morning , i 'd officially decided that the craziest thing to happen over the past couple of weeks had nothing to do with learning i was the child of the lilith or that i could somehow raise a horde of soul - eating demons .
` ` do you think the whole thing is an optical illusion ? ''
` ` that i knew about the damn lilith thing .
the last thing i saw was zayne hurling through the air .
i also needed to figure out what the hell was up with everyone 's auras doing the wonky thing .
the only good thing i could see right now was that no one assumed i 'd taken a soul .
there was little space between us and i closed my mouth , but the strangest thing happened when our eyes met .
shaking his head , he moved , and the next thing i knew i was off the floor and in his arms .
that was n't going to be the only thing that happened if he kept moving his thumb back and forth or if he kept kissing me .
my thoughts whirled and bounced from one messed up thing to another .
his gaze locked on to mine , and the first thing i noticed was his aura .
one thing led to another , and after several weekends of sneaking around , blake told me he wanted to make our relationship official .
i never saw him look at my mother that way , so whoever she is , i know its not a casual thing .
this is kind of a thing we do some thursdays if either of us is home .
please think this is the funniest thing that s ever happened , because your laugh is also so much better than thanksgiving dinner .
this whole thing is weird .
what if someone told you they could erase that entire night from your memory , but in doing so , they also have to erase every single good thing .
and the most messed - up thing was that he was still hard .
the next thing she knew , he was sitting on the edge of the bed and she was very much perched in his lap .
and the best damn thing to ever happen to her had just walked out the door .
` ` that much i got , but i think you said everything you wanted to say already , and you showing up here is the last thing i expected . ''
i looked forward to the whole cupcake thing .
strange that this huge thing that was so good was happening after something so bad .
you know , like once - in - a - life kind of thing .
the deliveryman got an eyeful of jase 's half nak*dness , but i doubted it was oddest thing the teenager had ever seen .
one thing led to another , and like the first time , it did n't take much to get either of us to the point we were hovering on the edge of release .
the next thing i knew i was on the floor , on my back in between the beds , staring dumbly at the ceiling .
and the only thing i regret is that you feel guilty for something i chose to do . ''
in those moments of silence , the strangest thing happened to me .
the next thing i knew , i was being spun around and ushered out the door , back into the night , and then we were next to the truck that was in front of my poor car .
and hey , the whole windshield thing could be a f**ked - up coincidence , but i doubt it .
the pain from the burns had been the worst thing i 'd ever experienced in my life , at least physically .
that was the strangest thing ever .
i do n't know what it was about the way he said it , but my left arm caved under me , and the next thing i knew , my right cheek was plastered to the pillow .
i rolled my eyes , but the most ridiculous thing ever was the fact that after a couple of minutes , my eyes stayed shut .
it was a weird thing to do , but i loved having clyde around and it was kind of a bonding moment .
katie leaned back and raised her arms , and for a second i thought she was going to reenact the whole thing , and i had a feeling it was about to become a boob apocalypse .
` ` next thing i know , my legs are slipping down the pole , and i ' m all like ' man down ! '
my favorite thing had been hanging with kevin .
it was the only thing i could see .
` ` i know this is n't the only thing . ''
his mouth was on mine when he came , and that had to be the most awesome thing out of all of this .
the thing was , the worst part was n't that i was in the abusive relationship , but what it did to my brother .
the only good thing was that they had stopped discussing harlow .
he needed to be reminded that he ca n't let that kind of thing happen .
the first thing i noticed was that it was completely empty .
and as if it was the most natural thing in the world , i sang to her .
but just like any good thing that comes my way , i pushed him away because i had let him get too close .
the first thing i noticed when i walked into the kitchen this morning was that the place was cleaned up .
another thing that was my fault .
inviting her to this damn thing only meant i had to watch her closely .
yet another thing that was my fault .
it was the most exciting , mind - blowing thing i 'd ever experienced .
going to this thing tonight mad was n't fair to nan .
it was a fascinating thing to watch .
that was the only thing it could be .
krit has a thing tonight , so he will only be stopping by to give daisy a gift and , knowing him , grab a piece of cake .
` ` this thing with you and linc ...
he was the pro at this kind of thing .
another thing i 'd realized .
this shit ai n't gon na work , '' green started in on me first thing the next morning .
the first thing i noticed was another piece of paper like the others beside the coffeepot .
which was something preston , marcus , and rock thought was the funniest thing they 'd ever seen .
this was a daily thing .
it was a normal thing that most kids did , but we were limited .
rock was staring down at me as i opened my eyes , and the first thing i realized was that his h*ps were settled between my legs and he was nak*d . the hardness i had felt through his jeans many times was now pressing against my oversensitive center , which was already getting excited over another round .
` ` that was the most gorgeous thing i ' ve ever seen .
jax stone was the biggest thing in rock music , and each year he just got bigger .
i want to be by your side through the whole thing .
i glanced up at her - her knees up high , legs wide open , arms reaching down to hold my head between her thighs - and it was the most f**king erotic thing any groom had ever seen on his wedding day .
how loving her was the best damn thing that had ever happened to me .
that little boy was the best thing that had ever happened to my parents .
his dark hair was cut short , but there was a messy thing he had going with the top that seemed to be a little longer .
i ' m hitting the books first thing tomorrow morning or i ' m screwed . ''
that 's the first thing i see .
i should have taken that final first thing monday morning .
when i talk about making amends , that 's the kind of thing i ' m talking about . ''
the only thing worse than last night 's dream would be last night 's dream repeating itself .
the next thing i knew , i was lying on my back some distance away , with a crushing weight in my chest .
` ` there were rumors of strange things happening at cattle and horse farms but nothing could have prepared us ... every horse in that barn was dead , their throats torn out , blood sprayed over the walls , the hay - everything .
max closed his eyes and sighed - an odd reaction from a dog - and a peculiar thing happened .
unless this rachel thing ended and she went back to whatever crypt she belonged in .
` ` i ' m sorry , max , '' julian said , lowering his voice as he addressed the dog - a strange thing to watch from a different perspective , ` ` but she needs to think about what she 's giving up before she goes and does something stupid ! ''
maybe they get bored with watching the same thing happen over and over again , seeing the same faces ... maybe they decided to throw a wrench into the works . ''
` ` yes , i thought ... ` ` mage stumbled over her words , an odd thing to witness the five thousand - year - old vampire doing .
he slowly reached back to scratch his head as he looked off into nothingness , murmuring , ` ` terrible thing to witness for him ... '' ` ` bishop , '' i said , knowing full well that bishop 's name was not lost to mortimer .
` ` what a horrendous thing to deal with . ''
` ` were you looking for a way to win him back after your little thing in the mountains ? ''
` ` that would n't be the worst thing . ''
when i drop my pants to show those witches my tattoo , the last thing they 'll be thinking of is me tricking them . ''
the next thing i saw was galen on his knees , a gurgled cry escaping his gaping , bloody mouth as mage tossed what appeared to be his tongue onto the ground .
i guess i passed out because the next thing i knew , the sun was beating down on my face through the window and jill was gone .
` ` good thing annabelle was never one to tuck me in , then , '' i mumble dryly , though i feel the warmth spreading in my chest over jack 's admission .
well , i have this thing on saturday and i could use your help . ''
` ` half a pharmacy and fake boyfriend duties for a night in exchange for one fake date to this thing . ''
the next thing i know , ben 's hands are diving under the water to wrap around the backs of my thighs .
` ` i lost a lot in the divorce , but the biggest thing by far was losing touch with that girl . ''
` ` that thing you forgot to mention ? ''
the three of us had cups pressed to the wall between elsie 's and rob 's old room , listening to the entire thing .
their matching pouts are the last thing i see as i tug ben out of the house , barely giving him a chance to deposit the remnants of his food onto a tray .
it 's a normal thing .
` ` same thing that always happens .
i ' m not sure if he meant it as an apology or a compliment , or if it was really just a dumbass comment , but the next thing i know , hands are seizing my shoulders and pulling me back , and jesse 's taking a swing at dean .
the last thing i remember is listening to jesse breathe .
` ` told him you had a stomach thing . ''
he must finally decipher the silent plea in my gaze , because the next thing i know , his hand is cradling the back of my head , his mouth is closed over mine , and i ' m sinking deep into a tailspin of heady emotion .
the most unfortunate thing about the entire situation is that the great big tree - that gave me my escape , that helped serve justice to the man who wronged me - never did bud any leaves that year .
the next thing i knew , he had me in his powerful grip , his body curling into me and his face close to mine .
plus , i want to talk to my dad about this ted thing , whatever it is .
the only thing i knew for certain was that i did n't want ireland listening to her parents fighting .
` ` seriously , that was the most amazing thing i ' ve ever seen .
i 'll come up with something and have it to you first thing tomorrow . ''
one thing led to another and here they are , hand in hand , a family again .
the surprising thing is that it has worked .
bringing the one to my mouth as i had before , i let my tongue skate across the top of it , mentally reliving the seconds of that - i refuse to acknowledge that as my first kiss - that thing he did to me .
finally , one thing that 's consistent with how i always pictured princeton to be .
the only thing i regret is that it ever ended .
i recuperate quickly , but ashton is facing me and sees the entire thing .
the ironic thing is that i blurt out things i should n't half the time i ' m with ashton but it 's never intentional .
i have this thing and then my volunteering ... '' not to mention i ' ve barely slept the past four nights , my mind unwilling to shut down , my stomach unable to stop rolling .
my fingers slip to his wrist , to that awful thing that i know is still there .
i do n't want you to ever forget a thing that happened between us .
` ` this is nothing like- '' ` ` it 's the exact same thing ! ''
i refuse to cower under his scrutiny , though this is both the most erotic and the most embarrassing thing i ' ve ever experienced .
for all that i hate about what i ' ve done , there 's one thing i ca n't regret .
the sight is both the funniest thing i ' ve ever seen and the most unappealing , given his junk is hanging out the sides of the stretched - out bottoms .
until a strange thing happens .
but a rather amusing thing had happened in the last two hundred years .
you know , the worst thing that ever happened to me was my mama taking me out of school .
it was ... perhaps the last thing that happened ... . '' mona nodded .
michael stood watching her , hands in his pockets , and then he did a surprising thing .
the last thing she 'd heard was ryan saying in a strained voice that everything from houston had been examined and cataloged .
just not ready for this kind of thing .
` ` but the death of aaron is a terrible , terrible thing !
a beautiful thing happened .
you know , mark , i ' m very sorry for marcus and all , but this is the most exciting thing that 's ever happened since i was received . ''
` ` then , '' said gordon , ` ` i will have seen the thing that i was born to see .
and now the funniest thing .
wow , the most incredible thing had happened .
i 'll stay for the beginning of the ceremony , i 'll pay my respects , chat with a few of the members , that sort of thing .
one thing followed upon another .
to see the mild face of ash disfigured with rage was a terrible thing to behold .
her stricken face will be the very last thing you see before the brain inside sputters and dies . ''
` ` that 's the best thing that could happen , '' said michael .
if a woman was born with red hair , we thought it a magnificent thing .
the most serious thing that happened was birth .
no such thing happened at all .
simpletons , that we did not see that such a thing would have to happen , that these wild ones , when finally captured , would tell tales of our glen , sometimes to threaten their enemies with the prospect of vengeance from a secret nation , or out of sheer naivete , or , that the tale having been told to other wild taltos who had never seen us , would be passed on by them .
she was immaculate , as though she 'd soaked in the tub , if such a thing was possible , and they had laid a layer of white towels beneath her .
very gradually , over time , a rather foolish thing happened .
that it would always be a simple thing , sooner or later , to find one of my own kind and to talk for the night by a friendly fire of the lost land , of the plain , of the things we all remembered .
` ` it 's a terrible thing to see .
` ` i know your scent too , and the things you ' ve seen , i know the smell of the wind on liberty street , and the way the house looked when you first walked in , and how you changed it .
` ` and to beg to be released would be a terrible thing , '' leon continued .
and a strange thing commenced to happen .
` ` they would speak of me , ' what plump bu**ocks , ' and ' look at those strong legs , ' and that sort of thing as if i were a mere animal .
` ` it was the best thing that could have happened .
` ` and when he was finished , the most extraordinary thing happened .
it seemed to have happened before , all of it , or rather to be quite the ordinary thing .
and what a strange and marvelous thing !
` ` what a terrible thing to be so pretty when you are sad , '' beauty thought .
his organ was erect , and it seemed a momentous thing to see it , in this world where so many underlings were naked .
and it was no uncommon thing for the villagers to feel our muscles before they chose us or even to test us with a few wallops of the strap to see whether or not we responded with quickness and good form .
i danced back in the harness , trying to escape the hands -- i even pleaded behind the bit , another thing that is strictly forbidden -- but the friction was too great , and finally i came in the hand of the brat , who then scolded me as if i 'd dared to do the unmentionable .
even when i was at a fast trot , a rare thing with a clumsy street sweeper 's cart , the flies gathered to taste the honey .
` ` then the most remarkable thing happened , '' he said .
` ` the queen may grant nicolas 's wish , and as for you , it would be the natural thing for you to be given over for another year .
` ` that bloody demon - '' ` ` that 's the peculiar thing .
` ` will , there 's no such thing as demon pox , and you know it , '' charlotte said .
demon drugs , downworld prostitutes , that sort of thing . ''
how many times do we have to tell you there 's no such thing as demon pox ? ''
` ` always rum to see this sort of thing goin ' on , and none of the neighbors out for so much as a gander , '' thomas said now , glancing up and down the street .
on the one hand i would n't wish this - this thing i am - on him , or anyone .
` ` almost the first thing i realized when i came here was that my father never thought of himself as british , not the way an englishman would .
a shiver of cold passed over will as they drew near it , but he was unsurprised to feel such a thing in highgate .
the last thing she saw was the silvery water splashing high above her as she drove the knife toward her chest .
there was no such thing as boring sex with eric .
the only thing that 's been wrong with dermot is a bit of mental fragility , a direct result of being made crazy for years .
` ` or the club , after we did - that thing . ''
chapter 7 cara ambroselli called me first thing monday morning , which was not a great way to start the week .
that 's definitely the kind of thing i need to report to the police . ''
i tried to think of another good thing to anticipate .
any supe would want such a thing , especially the hodgepodge of fae trapped at hooligans .
the fact is , donald callaway 's demise was not the worst thing that had happened in my kitchen - not by a long shot .
the whole thing had happened that quickly .
i was scrambling for some solid foothold , some sure thing .
` ` please tell me you did n't engineer the whole appius thing ? ''
this was the last thing in the world i 'd expected : a declaration of reconciliation by my oldest friend .
well , me and hank have known each other forever , and he said we could have a drink in his car , and before you know it one thing led to another , but we thought he better move the car somewhere a little more private , so he pulled into the woods across the street from the nursing home , there 's a little track through the woods where kids run four - wheelers .
it 's bad when the most interesting thing that happens to you all day is getting arrested .
` ` but how would he even know about such a thing ? ''
next thing you know , they went to a wedding chapel .
we do n't want to run her off the road ; he wants a sure thing , he says .
it looked huge from where amelia was standing , and she thought bob standing between the gun and her was the bravest thing she 'd ever seen .
the first thing i noticed was my car , exactly where i 'd left it yesterday when i 'd climbed out of it and gotten shot .
i just wanted the whole thing to be over , even if i died ... and i knew they intended to kill me .
max took a deep breath , wanting the same thing but knowing he could n't afford to lose an entire day .
what 's the last thing you remember before i came home ? ''
the owl saw it reflected in the pool , a blazing , glaring thing of pure light , so bright that she took to the wing and flew to another part of the forest .
` ` damnedest thing , '' said the coachman , who wore a long black robe and who tristran estimated to be in his late forties , ` ` there was no wind , no storm .
the light of the inn was the happiest and best thing tristran had seen on his journey through faerie .
` ` you 're the f**king best thing to ever happen to that man , '' he mumbled .
` ` actually , you 're the best thing to happen to renegades , period . ''
this had to be machined , engineered , built ... '' ` ` troy 's dad has a machine shop and lets me use it in off hours , nights , weekends , that kind of thing .
` ` i did n't even know such a thing existed . ''
` ` that is the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the only thing i could do was fantasize about f**king you , with no relief . ''
but if he thought he 'd imagined the entire thing , he had a glaring bruise on his chest and rents in his shirt from where her claws had dug into his back and his arms .
that 's the one thing she ca n't - or wo n't - see . ''
the only thing she could be thankful for was that louis had n't been trapped here with her .
i do n't know why i ' m here and he 's not , but it 's the one thing i ' m thankful for . ''
he was so preoccupied that he never felt a thing when she rooted through his pocket - and fished out a key .
next thing she knew , she 'd be moaning , ` ` woowooo . ''
the only thing that heartened was that she had n't removed the ring .
` ` lucky thing there 's a back way out . ''
` ` i ' m starting back first thing tomorrow . ''
seeing her coming was the hottest thing he 'd ever witnessed , making him so hard he feared he 'd join her before he even got his c**k out .
the trap had worked , and he 'd never felt a thing .
the way she was interacting with the beast was the most remarkable thing he 'd ever seen - it looked powandshy ; erless not to be enthralled by her .
the last thing she saw was the vampire snapping his head back to smash the face of the one holding him , breaking free to snatch up a sword .
great , yet another thing to fantasize about with murdoch .
when she moaned around him , he rasped , ` ` the only thing that could make this better is you coming on my tongue again . ''
she asked , thinking a room stinking of fear would be just the thing to tip art into a mistake .
it was forbidding , so close to the sea that earth magic would not be a sure thing , and so near a fault line that ley line magic would be difficult unless having grown up among the fractured feel of the lines here .
` ` i 'll be glad after tomorrow , '' megan chatted as they walked , and trent wondered if harold and megan had a little thing going as she squeezed his arm and smiled up at him .
` ` i ' ve been raising emily and leonard alone after my fool husband died when a hunter thought a bearskin rug would be a fine thing to have .
he 'd say he had gotten some weird drug into him and had hallucinated the entire thing if not for the changes in kay 's appearance - changes she did n't seem to know he saw .
` ` dollars per time around the track , that kind of thing .
waking up in the morgue and seeing myself on the table had been the single most frightening thing in my life .
` ` it was the weirdest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` oh , it was the oddest thing ! ''
there are traditions for this kind of thing , procedures .
` ` and i ' m not afraid of him killing me , but it will give him one less thing to bitch about . ''
the last thing i remembered was ivy stopping for gas and trent waking up from his midnight nap to take over the driving .
` ` the sad thing is that she 's probably the only coven member who might side with me , and i think i just alienated her . ''
he did n't need me to watch him , but this altitude thing had caught us all by surprise .
'cause that 's the only thing that he 's going to notice ! ''
first thing tomorrow , i ' m teaching you a brush - and - wash curse . ''
the last thing i remembered was someone , dali , i think , kissing the top of my hand as i slumped in al 's arms .
that was the last thing this was .
the first thing i noticed was a lack of echo .
i guess that sort of thing sticks with the living .
me trying out curses on myself was one thing .
in your backyard is another thing i do n't like coming home to .
maybe quen wanted a last supper kind of a thing .
` ` it 's nick , '' he said to me , his desperate expression the last thing i 'd ever expected .
` ` the explosion was probably the same thing affecting the 71 corridor , '' i said .
i watched the whole thing .
if not for the different tax bracket thing , or that he was going to be engaged , or that because of me , he 'd lose everything if he did n't marry ellasbeth ... good god .
` ` i ' m telling you , ivy , this is the best thing to happen to her since that boy band she liked got run over by a pack of migrating deer .
` ` not even one day into it , and we already have one good thing happen because trent and rachel had sex . ''
it was right before my eyes , the only thing i could see .
it was n't as if we could stake their two master vampires ; there were laws against that kind of thing .
the only thing worse is you mooning over trent . ''
` ` i ' m scared , even as i ' ve got this wonderful thing happening . ''
` ` unlike that ill - fated attempt when you , ah , tried to bind with that soul , ivy likely wo n't notice a thing .
her origins were unclear , but one thing they did know .
he was as new to this kind of thing as she was , and she was suddenly fighting a smile .
` ` we gon na kick this thing off or what ? ''
his stomach did that clenching thing again .
noelle was far more intoxicated than ava , but the good news was , there was no such thing as drunk driving .
` ` but i ' ve been to many , many planets , and one thing is always the same .
same thing happened .
he 'd seemed happy with the whole thing only a few minutes before , willingly following mia .
` ` yet another thing for us to do later , '' she replied , and commanded the door to open .
the first thing i 'd noticed was that steele 's body showed no indication of torture , no sign of having been restrained .
i did n't allow myself to think about the strange ... thing that had come over me and slowed down the world around me for those brief seconds .
i would have loved to watch the whole transportation thing , but let it slide .
after every erotic thing we 'd done together , after promising to trust each other , he 'd returned the armband to my bicep , keeping me a goddamn prisoner here .
but the next thing i knew , i looked down and saw myself .
the next thing i knew , he was on top of me , between my thighs .
i was n't sure how i felt that the first thing he 'd reacted to was my involvement with the targon .
he stalked toward me , and his hard expression was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
hardest thing ever .
` ` and have one more thing to be disappointed about ?
humans tended to throw fits about this kind of thing , whereas aliens did n't want to make waves and draw attention to themselves .
he had n't known such a thing was possible , had never seen it done before .
hopefully , being inside a vehicle prevented such a thing .
because , if she was n't careful , the same thing would happen to her .
he licked away every drop , completely uninhibited , and it was the most erotic thing she 'd ever seen .
` ` he nearly blinded me with that glowing skin thing , '' she said stiffly .
right now he was with her , in her arms , hers for the taking , kissing her , touching her just right , and she 'd been without him for days , an eternity surely , craving him , hoping for this very thing .
i ' m the best thing that 's ever happened to you . ''
next thing she knew , one of the table legs was splintering , breaking , and then the table itself was plunging toward her , the glass was sliding off it , and she was frantically leaning over and reaching out .
for the first time all week , his lips did that twitching thing she so adored .
she never saw him move , but the next thing she knew , her brain was rattling against her skull , her teeth were cutting into her gums , and she was propelled off her chair and onto the floor .
considering the fact that his work friends were his only friends , and he rarely socialized after hours , this kind of thing made him feel connected , like a part of the team .
usually that kind of thing pissed her off and sent her spiraling - either with anger or frustration , causing her to act out .
his brow did that arching thing again .
the pastor repeated with the utmost patience , as if this kind of thing happened all the time .
but the funny thing ?
the first thing he noticed , her lashes were long , spiky , and wet .
in fact , she would have left him in the dust on principle alone , but then he did the strangest thing .
` ` talk to his employees , that kind of thing . ''
after all the work she 'd had to do , she had n't decided he was just a one - time thing ?
he 'd never heard of such a thing , but then , was n't he living proof that the impossible was always possible ?
go to the charity thing .
although ... at this rate , her emotions would be the thing to finally bury her .
just because he had never heard of such a thing did not mean it was impossible .
i have never heard of such a thing happening , of a mark appearing before a claiming , but ... anything is possible , i suppose . ''
she must have blacked out at some point , because the next thing she knew , she lay in a cool puddle of water , her chest on the road to normal .
word on the street is , there 's such a thing as an inside voice .
and just so you know , it was a one - time thing .
` ` he was compassionate and caring , sweet and gentle , and the best thing to ever happen to me . ''
she never would have pictured a garden growing from a cloud , but stranger things had happened , she supposed .
if a boulder was thrown at her , and she caught it , the thrower was benched , but there was no such thing as an illegal shot .
the last thing she saw was bellorie giggling as if she 'd just downed an entire keg of beer .
but she must have fallen asleep , because the next thing she knew , a hard hand had settled on her shoulder and was shaking her , rattling her brain against her skull .
the first thing he noticed : the demons were dead .
he had never imagined such a thing possible , but there were many things he would have denied ... until elin had made the impossible possible .
a single year to wreck his havoc seemed a small thing to trade in comparison to an eternity of demons roaming free . ''
` ` you are the best thing that ever happened to me , '' kadence said weakly , leaning her cheek against his back .
if the demon overtook him or if he could not return home before midnight and someone found his dead , bloody body and buried him - or worse , burned him ... how he wished such a thing would end his miserable existence .
because he did look like maddox , and whatever else maddox was , he 'd still been the best thing to ever happen to her .
before this , the worst thing danika had ever dealt with was the death of her grandpa two months ago .
but he was also kind , caring and the best thing to ever happen to her body .
` ` good thing torin knows how to invest , '' paris said , glancing around as he sat beside maddox .
two days ago , he would not have thought such a thing was possible .
she 'd thought to defeat them and laugh in cronus 's face , a sort of look - what - i - did - to - your - big - scary - demons kind of thing .
` ` the thing about legends , '' she said flatly , ` ` is that the truth is often distorted to explain the things that mortals can not understand .
such a thing had never happened before , and he did not understand why it had tonight .
her knees did that stupid weakening thing .
watching lucien fight had to be the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen .
her stomach did that quiver thing again .
last thing he remembered , he 'd been kissing a woman .
he had n't thought such a thing possible .
then hera found out i was also rocking other goddesses ' worlds , and next thing i know , i ' m keeping anya company in the slammer .
all she knew was that lucien was the best thing to ever happen to her , william was clearly hiding something and she was miserable .
he 'd vowed never to let such a thing happen again .
part of her had hoped for just such a thing ; part of her had feared it .
` ` what bad thing ? ''
but what had such a thing gotten reyes ?
he 'd said such a thing was impossible .
cameo 's glare became the closest thing to a grin sabin had seen on her face in centuries .
she tore her gaze from him - hardest thing ever - and looked at the table .
next thing reyes knew , he was standing inside his bedroom in the fortress .
i will not allow such a thing to happen again . ''
his bloodlust had brought reyes in her life , and reyes was the best thing that had ever happened to her , so there was no way she could hold a grudge .
always know that kind of thing .
` ` the only thing that could hurt me is if you leave me like this . ''
one thing he 'd noticed : she talked and laughed as if she was fine , normal , but the sparkle was gone from her eyes , her skin.and he had done that to her .
while he thought he could survive such a thing , he did not think olivia would .
a single year to wreak his havoc seemed a small thing to trade in comparison to an eternity of demons roaming free . ''
when he 'd gotten what he needed from her , he let his demon go to work , and the next thing i knew , my wife had slashed her wrists .
at her plea , lucien 's expression had hardened - a rare thing , for lucien was always careful to contain his emotions .
she 'd lived in terror , he was sure , of that very thing happening .
if he 'd wanted them , he 'd gone after them because the want had been such a rare thing .
i worked in an office , taking notes , fact - checking , that sort of thing .
the tether she 'd kept the harpy on had snapped inside her , and the next thing she 'd known , the cousin and her sisters were hovering near death .
she must have closed her eyes because the next thing she knew , her leg was bandaged and william was at her side , grabbing her hand and ushering her toward the door .
the only thing she regretted about her choice was hurting this amazing warrior .
he had to be the one to win this thing .
he 'd only experienced such a thing twice , but he craved the next time like a drug .
and the only thing he would have been sorry about had he died was that he would n't be able to see her like that again .
but you know ... what the funny thing is ?
every bad thing we ' ve ever endured is her doing . ''
first thing he noticed : she was n't crying .
gideon did that jaw - popping thing again .
gideon 's lips did that adorable twitching thing again .
aeron had nearly called this trip off to prevent such a thing from happening , and that had filled him with guilt .
could n't f**king remember , even though their wedding was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever witnessed .
lies shouted , and that was the last thing gideon knew .
last thing he remembered , he 'd been deep inside hel , fire crackling al around him as he fought evil spirits and basical y got the shit kicked out of both his body and his mind .
first things he noticed : the taste of frosted apricots fil ed his mouth , there was a wonderful chil inside him , cooling the fires that had raged , and an earthy perfume wafted into his nose every time he inhaled .
a few others sighed dreamily , as if remembering that very thing .
` ` watching you swim is about the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
i'l know who i am , every terrible thing that 's ever been done to me , every terrible thing i ' ve done , and the hate ... god , amun , i ' m always fil ed with so much hate .
paris was a one - time thing and not just because he ca n't ever come back for seconds .
he would feel betrayed , personal y and emotional y , but maybe one day , when he final y experienced the sizzle for himself , he would realize their split was the best thing that had ever happened to him .
weirdest thing i 'd ever seen .
he was a sure thing , a onetime - only event , and would n't cling .
first thing she realized was that they were still in wisconsin .
no matter the answers kaia might force from juliette , it was clear the bitch had somehow orchestrated this whole thing .
she knew strider had n't told her sisters about the fire thing , and neither had their men , who 'd witnessed the aftereffects .
like the illusion thing he 'd mentioned .
` ` there 's no doubt in my mind who 'll win this thing . ''
part of him had hoped that being in sienna 's presence would stop this kind of thing from happening .
they learned each other , learned every nuance of tongue and teeth , breath and flavor , and it was the sexiest damn thing he 'd ever experienced .
apparently danika , the current all - seeing eye , had foreseen that terrible things would take place at the fortress in budapest , and she 'd sensed staying close to william was the only way to survive .
viola asked , as if such a thing were possible .
` ` if i showed you what i ' ve got , it would be the last thing you ever saw . ''
despite his condition , finding him was the best thing to ever happen to her .
first thing he saw was william taking a woman against the wall .
` ` but close to dying would n't be a terrible thing . ''
first thing he noticed - utter silence filled the throne room .
` ` the same thing that happened to viola .
the last thing kane saw was william running forward , grinning with delight .
and the truly sad thing was , he had no idea he 'd become a monster .
how long had she dreamed of such a thing ?
` ` such loss ... it 's a terrible thing , something that hurts you on an indescribable level . ''
i was bonded to her , and i witnessed the entire thing through her eyes . ''
more than that , the worst thing that could ever happen to her had already happened .
the only thing he noticed .
you 're the best thing to ever happen to me .
such a thing was possible , she supposed .
she 'd almost given herself and her knowledge away with the whole ` ` bursting into flames '' thing .
he , uh , stalked me , that kind of thing .
` ` tell me the last thing you remember before coming here that first time , '' he demanded .
i desired him , one thing led to another , and we were steaming up the forest , if you know what i mean . ''
he had n't known such a thing was possible .
one thing he 'd noticed : she talked and laughed as if she was fine , normal , but the sparkle was gone from her eyes , her skin .
after his parting words , she must have slipped into a deep sleep , because the next thing she 'd known , she 'd woken up in the hospital , groggy and incoherent , her parents frantic .
must say , watching you drink it was the grossest thing i ever witnessed . ''
` ` i ' m sorry to break it to you , but those books of yours had at least one thing wrong .
the next thing he knew , she was kneeling on the seat beside him , using one of those white cotton gloves to wipe away the blood on his chest .
` ` winikin do n't do offense , '' he grated , trying not to notice how her warmth seeped into him , trying not to remember the things her soft scent made him want to dwell on .
slowly sunny pivoted on her booted feet , and found herself face - to - face with the closest thing to a human angel that she 'd ever seen .
he 'd never even heard of such a thing , much less encountered it .
he 'd never read or heard of such a thing , but that was n't surprising , since she and her fellow human guardians looked and seemed ... human .
at least there was one thing he 'd done right in this whole fiasco , and maybe that would chalk up a few heavenly points in his favor .
` ` you ca n't blame my brother for hoping and praying for the same thing . ''
jamie waltzed right into her apartment as if his arrival on her doorstep were an everyday thing .
the main thing ... '' he leaned closer , sliding his arm along the back of her seat without actually touching her .
the demon had tossed away jamie 's semiautomatic first thing , then managed to get hold of his knife and dispose of it as well .
and was n't that just the sort of thing wives did ?
next thing i knew , i was on the ground myself and crawling to get to him .
rome 's nostrils did that flare thing again .
the agents would jump to their feet , use their powers or human abilities - a lightning bolt whizzed past , a slew of knives and throwing stars , even a thick , choking smoke that clouded the air - but tobin dodged everything effortlessly , as though he 'd trained for just such a thing .
i think perhaps john had hoped for such a thing - two powerful element - wielders for the price of one - and that was the real reason he 'd had reese perform the tests on me .
` ` does that kind of thing happen - ` ` ` ` belle jamison .
next thing i knew , a twentysomething guy with cute , puppy - dog eyes and a dimpled smile was sidled up to me .
first thing i noticed was the beeping .
it looks like a place where terrible things happen .
the last thing i remember is the metal chair and the needle in my arm .
when i get back to the dormitory , i expect to find the same thing i found the day before : a few initiates lying on beds or staring at nothing .
` ` same thing that happens every year , '' someone else replies .
did the same thing happen to him ?
i understand only one thing : she is lying to me .
the dauntless leaders are the only ones who see the whole thing , '' he says .
christina reaches for his hand and laces her fingers with his , like it 's the most natural thing in the world .
the worst thing that can happen to me now is that i drown in this tank .
what a silly thing ... '' and it does seem like a silly thing , slamming your fist into someone else 's body .
you ' ve got one of the worst initiations , and there 's that whole old - age thing . ''
my scream accomplished one thing : now eric stands in front of me , smiling .
she will break open my skull just to see the inner workings of my brain ; i will die here , and that will be the merciful thing .
but now i think the scary thing was not saying it before it was almost too late .
` ` so , the thing we 're all not talking about , '' he says .
i feel like the slightest thing could make me jump right out of my skin .
` ` the thing is ... '' she closes her eyes .
` ` zoe found me at that big sculpture thing this morning - david had something to show me . ''
` ` it 's just the same thing all over again , is n't it ?
suddenly i ca n't stand to think of her , or that place , or the things i saw there .
` ` i think the most crucial thing she did - admittedly without meaning to - was confess .
i look at caleb , expecting to see the same thing happening to him , but all the blood seems to have drained from his face , and he is gasping .
` ` funny thing , actually ... finn was there . ''
it 's the way it feels like we ' ve crossed into a different space - before it was just a one - time thing , a two - time thing , just sex .
it feels like it 's been one thing after another this year ; add that to a long line of years with not enough fish and not enough money and well , i ' m in fucking california .
and harlow , who for whatever reason seems to pick up on every little thing i do , notices .
they 're going to remains of the day this thing until the end of time .
but then i got to california and ... one of the engines threw a rod and it was one thing after another and pretty soon , it was either that or lose it all .
but if that was the only thing that happened i would n't have just bailed . ''
josh is going to want to see them first thing . ''
` ` if you two go over the employees first thing tomorrow and want to head up to the bridge site mid - morning , i could have the guys load up trucks and trailers with what we ' ve got as a start and you could scout the bridge in the afternoon .
the way she pushed her pussy into his mouth was the hottest , most erotic thing she 'd done with him - and she 'd done her share .
her heart did that tightening thing again .
` ` but we do n't have cameramen- '' ` ` jax promised they 'd be here first thing .
you 'll be taking my seat on a flight out of los angeles first thing tomorrow morning . ''
the only thing he 'd ever wanted as much as he wanted grace now , was to become a seal .
` ` the same thing that always happens when you 're gone , isaac .
sunnie 's a sweetheart , but she 'd rather lay around on the beach and work on her tan than figure out how to win this thing . ''
the next thing i knew , i was hunched over and vomiting onto the ground .
it 's either me or this other girl that won the whole thing .
the funny thing is , your brother did n't believe i was real .
i was scared for the guy , but then the strangest thing happened .
i ' ve got someone coming by first thing monday to put a big mirror across from that corner , so there wo n't be a blind spot there anymore . ''
my head was even bigger than usual that day , but i got it on , and in a moment i was on the back of the bike , my arms wrapped around sawyer like this was just a regular routine thing i did .
the second thing i noticed about aubrey was she did n't wear a diamond .
she thought it was the funniest thing , and seemed happy to hear from me , which was a relief .
i used to think a lie was a one - time thing , like an egg cracked against the edge of a pan , but a lie is more like a piece of string that you have to keep tying knots in so everything does n't come undone .
sawyer was so cute about the whole thing , occasionally switching my hand to his other hand and walking backwards alongside me as he dried off his palm on his jeans , then turning back and putting my hand into his freshly - dried palm .
all it takes is for us to be pushed to our limit , day after day , and then one more f**king awful thing happens and we snap .
he kept coming by when my mother and derek were out , and after seven times , i lost count and it just became a regular weekend thing .
` ` i saw no such thing . ''
this simple act of his delicious , warm body pressing intimately against hers was the most sensual thing she 'd ever experienced .
funny , he had n't commented on the god thing .
anyhoo , after ushering tens of millions of souls , the years seemed to blend together into one never - ending story like that thing they call a romance series in the future .
i 'd bet my life that he 'd put the evil priest up to the entire thing .
the next thing i knew , i was on my back on the bed , roberto just as na**d as i , lying with his jutting shaft nestled between my legs .
there was no such thing as an accident .
the only thing i ' m going to get is exiled by votan for hurting his little uchi - pets and not rescuing his demigoddess . ''
the last thing i remember was the room filling with men who looked like death incarnate and that ball of string being tossed into the air .
the next thing i remembered was tommaso holding me , acting as psychiatric glue - the extra - strong , anti - meltdown kind - and then guy showed up armed to the hilt , doing his impression of conan the barbarian on steroids .
` ` well , funny thing happened on the way to our little party , '' gabran explained .
the last thing helena remembered was niccolo holding her .
she had to find a way to undo this , this ... thing between them before his emotional grip tightened further .
the only thing that could make it better would be for her mother , ann , and jess to be with her .
had i dreamed the entire thing ?
the last thing i heard was kinich slamming the front door behind him .
it 's the weirdest goddamned thing ... '' kinich yanked open the door and shoved me in .
no one had mentioned a thing , but then again , it would be a little strange for the gods - except cimil , obviously , because she was just weird - to observe a human holiday .
then again , what 's one more weird thing to add to the list of recent activities and events ?
` ` the last thing the book showed me was a date .
i did n't want kinich to die - gods no - but the one and only thing he 'd ever wanted was to be mortal .
dammit , she 'd hoped to slide that one in without notice ; the last thing she wanted was to worry them further .
ixtab could n't believe that a god , the most powerful god in the universe , would want such a thing .
` ` i have to make my rounds , anyway ; i ' m all filled up again - the damnedest thing because i have n't helped anyone . ''
` ` i thought i 'd dreamt the entire thing .
and then - wow ! -there 'd been that very odd thing with their souls , lights ebbing and flowing from one to the other .
nonetheless , this was the most exciting thing she 'd ever experienced !
so what did this ... thing with ixtab mean ?
because if he did , he 'd hear how his touch was the best thing she 'd ever experienced .
ixtab turned her head and instantly felt the room swirl in such a way that indicated her humanlike body might go into shock - ironically , the same thing happened the last time she was in spain .
they 're so dramatic with the whole entrance and exit thing .
but why would the universe want such a thing ?
or perhaps she 'd imagined the entire thing ?
maybe it had something to do with this mate thing that maax had mentioned ?
` ` but what about the thing that happened last time ? ''
there was only one thing that could make it better - if she could really see him .
this was by far the hottest thing she 'd ever experienced .
it was the most erotic thing she 'd ever experienced .
i saw the whole thing , and cimil did n't cheat .
that was the one thing he 'd hoped to avoid .
there is no such thing as an accident .
and first thing tomorrow morning , i would go right back to that building king had gone into and find out what it was .
` ` that thing with vaughn was n't my fault .
because there was such a thing as too much plastic surgery and too much makeup .
it was the most horrific thing i ' ve ever seen .
the obnoxious thing was that for once , i understood why my parents were pissed at me .
the whole thing was comical considering eli could barely sit up straight and was swaying in his seat .
but i drove my ass over here first thing monday morning .
` ` i love the feel of your tight little ass against my c**k first thing in the morning .
but the sucky thing was that she was right .
there 's this cook out thing this evening for parents and i thought we could go , '' i ventured vaguely .
what a snobby thing to think !
` ` i ' m not sure about the ass**le ripping thing , but i definitely think we should find the rest of those posters , '' she agreed .
next thing i knew i had a fist full of her luscious , dark hair and i was pulling with all of my might .
` ` well , every single crappy thing that has happened in the past four months has somehow circled around good ol ' jordan levitt .
` ` that was the most amazing thing i have ever seen ! ''
that was the most romantic thing ever , '' gracie gushed .
` ` that 's my girl , '' he said , giving me a look that erased every bad and negative thing that ever had or ever could happen in my life .
but somehow , being garrett 's anything felt like the most wonderful thing in the world .
next thing i knew jordan and i were both bleeding and the frightened little receptionist was threatening to call the police if we did n't leave .
one thing i was sure of , however .
we were sitting on the tour bus , having checked out of our hotel rooms first thing .
the only thing i could recall was going to benny 's and ordering a round or ten .
he had seen the whole thing .
i have no idea what happened , but the next thing i knew i was freaking out . ''
next thing i knew i had a piece of glass in my hand from the mirror and i was cutting my arm .
the next thing i remember was waking up in a hospital room , my hands strapped to a bed and my parents looking at me with absolute disgust .
i can think , hell , i can breathe when we 're together what you make me feel is the most unbelievable and scary thing i ' ve ever felt . ''
` ` that was a one- time thing .
i must have dozed off because the next thing i knew clay was nudging me awake .
the f**ked up thing is i ca n't think of one damn thing i ' ve done to you ! ''
his voice was raspy and i smiled at how amazing he looked first thing in the morning .
it was the most amazing thing i had ever seen .
i must have dozed off because the next thing i knew rachel was shaking me .
away from the thing that almost was .
but i found the whole thing a little creepy .
this was the most amazing thing ever .
and the beautiful thing was i had n't lost my best friend .
` ` are you going to ray 's thing tonight ? ''
` ` uh , i was n't aware there was a thing at ray 's , '' i answered noncommittally .
dana and mckenna had laughed as though that were the funniest thing ever .
i played along , not being able to help but enjoy the whole thing .
watching some stupid comedy may be just the thing i needed .
it seemed so trivial in the face of such a terrible thing .
but i 'd like to meet first thing in the morning . ''
the thing she did n't realize was i had learned a thing or two from my manipulative parents .
i 'll call him first thing tomorrow and set up an appointment , '' i agreed .
when our bodies came together it had been the most beautiful thing i had ever known .
yet another shitty thing to add to the growing list of shitty things i had done .
it was n't an easy thing to talk about but to hear her say it made me want to hide under my chair .
the only thing i had n't anticipated was how the numbness i felt for him would evolve over nine years into bitterness and loathing .
i showered and dressed , dreading this dinner thing .
her intense green eyes were filled with so much fear and anxiety that i had started to think of every horrible thing that could have happened to her in the last two hours , so this took me by surprise .
it was simultaneously the most horrifying and beautiful thing i had ever seen .
it used to be the thing i wanted most , and now ... it was only supposed to be with melanie . ''
but if being away from me was the one thing that made her happy , that was the one thing i could give her .
this was yet another thing that proved to me she was still the girl i loved .
` ` the new student profile thing , '' she says .
` ` that was a one - time thing , '' i insist .
he scans the room until he finds james , who 's been doing nothing but idly rolling his pen back and forth throughout the whole thing .
the next thing i know he is beside me , extending a gentlemanly hand and chiding me for crawling around on the floor during such an important moment .
the next thing i know i ' m staring up at her and she 's saying that she has given me a very special gift and that now i am something called vandervelde and she will make sure that i am offered a spot in the danae because she has very powerful connec - ` ` he stops when he sees my face , which i ' m sure is leeched of all color now that he 's snipped the small thread of hope i was clinging to .
he does n't respond , but the funny thing is that i can feel his mind there , the thoughts like lights through stained glass .
our relationship was both the best thing i 'd ever experienced and complete torture all at the same time .
the most terrifying thing was i knew i would n't have stopped .
there 'd only be one thing i would miss .
i thought it was the sweetest thing i 'd ever seen .
i wanted to leave first thing this morning , but she said she needed to tell her sister everything first . ''
it was one of the most meager shows of snowfall i 'd ever seen , but to elizabeth , it appeared to be the most magical thing she 'd ever witnessed .
the screen would light up , she 'd tap out a message , tuck it back at her side , and then the whole thing would repeat again .
a hushed chuckle tumbled from jared 's mouth , so thick it was almost a pant , his expression so soft , like just maybe he was seeing the exact same thing as i was .
it was the only thing i saw .
` ` it feels like the best thing that ever happened to me . ''
` ` love is the best thing that will ever happen to you , aly . ''
the only thing i could see was what he had done .
the sad thing was i 'd known it was coming .
the only thing that scared me was i knew he was .
the only thing i ' m sorry for is you being too blind to see it . ''
the crazy thing was i 'd be content to stand here all day long and watch him work .
i was feeling playful , set free in the ease of aly 's touch , in the strength of her words that together were about the most powerful thing i 'd ever experienced .
you 'll end up here at night watching this little thing instead of hanging out with sam . ''
` ` i say we just cancel the whole thing and see how creative we can get with this since i ' ve already contaminated it . ''
` ` it 's party time , '' she sang with an obnoxious waggle of her eyebrows that was about the cutest f**king thing i 'd ever seen .
the f**ked - up thing was that for a long time i 'd longed for it .
the scary thing was lizzie kept asking me to slow down so she could talk to him .
the whole thing had probably been harmless , but when it came to my daughter , safe was always better than sorry .
the passion swimming in them was probably the single most frightening thing i 'd ever seen .
she smiled up at me , her expression wistful as if she were picturing the exact same thing i had been .
lizzie turned a grin up at me , as if seeing my eyes open was the best thing she 'd ever witnessed .
the only thing i could see was elizabeth .
i stayed quiet through the whole thing , but his mere presence made me want to pick up a book and read it .
` ` oh crud , the time difference thing . ''
he ... i got in the car - i shut the door and the first thing i did was look at harry .
but after surfing the net for two hours , the only thing i 'd accomplished was a mental list of reasons david would n't kiss me .
` ` good thing you 're not , i suppose .
` ` and the most beautiful thing about that , ara , is that all i can read in your mind is desire . ''
the face we thought we saw was not david - merely physically manifested wishful thinking ; the only thing outside my window was the beginning of another night .
his heavy black boots were the last thing i saw in the memory before reality washed in like cold water on my face , making me jump inside .
` ` look , thing is ... he kind of does n't want to talk right now . ''
` ` it was the first thing i noticed in his eyes , after i changed him , '' arthur said .
and that was the saddest thing about this dream ; that in the morning , the daylight would steal all that was perfect in the night .
` ` funny thing is , it was actually lilith who named them - when she was a child . ''
i could n't stand the thought of all those people dying every day for a thing as simple as not having the gene to become a vampire .
` ` even if there 's no such thing as this prophecy child ? ''
` ` now , about this jason thing . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , i just do n't enjoy that sorta thing .
` ` so , like , i cut myself and bleed on your blood - that sort of thing ? ''
` ` one thing we came to learn was that most secret doors were a push - release panel ; you shove it , it pops out , then you can open it . ''
my knees trembled until i felt the ground beneath them - felt the aged blood and sweat these floorboards had soaked up since this whole thing began .
and it was about the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
right now , david was not their king , and jason was just his brother - the past we all shared just an inconsequential thing that happened once .
` ` because i can think of one thing you do n't miss . ''
` ` now , first of all- '' he paced the floor , his hands closed around a whiteboard marker behind his back , that english accent of his more prominent in teacher mode , ` ` -most unlikeable thing you do : tantrums . ''
` ` is ... is this kind of thing possible ? ''
` ` it would help if everyone in my council sat down in a room and unveiled all the truths they ' ve been hiding , you know , a massive heart - to - heart type of thing . ''
` ` good thing i know you 're kidding , or i might be tempted to neuter you . ''
but the thing is , ara , it 's not the other people we need to change .
as i trudged through the open field toward the lighthouse , i half expected to see a strobe light flashing - the only thing more noticeable than the bass - thumping tunes - and a bunch of drunk fools hanging off the railing on the top floor .
next thing i know , there 's a man pinning my arms down .
watching mom swallow her tasha - dropped - out - of - college - and - is - dating - a - neanderthal soup every day is probably the best thing i have going for me .
until the strangers with the microphones did sound tests to make sure they could pick up every little thing that was going on .
i overheard mom and dad 's conversation about the whole thing .
but then the weirdest thing happened .
but when i saw episode two when it aired , they 'd cut the whole thing out .
roger has a name for this kind of thing when he 's in therapy mode .
next thing i know , hannah is waking me up , asking what i want for lunch .
it 's the last thing i hear before he jumps on me .
james does n't know that his breath in my ear is the nicest thing i ' ve ever felt in my life , and when i blush , he 's too busy rocking out to the end of ` ` free bird '' to notice .
loving vera dietz was the scariest thing that ever happened to me .
probably the best thing drugs will ever do for me .
` ` it 's pretty easy to blame the whole thing on the dead kid , is n't it ? ''
charlie went hunting with his dad on the weekends , which was the only thing they ever did together , and i felt happy for him .
` ` last thing i knew , your mom thought you shit too much , '' i said .
i pop a grape into my mouth and think about how maybe the whole thing was my fault .
now , strange as it may sound , i see that it was the best thing that ever happened to me .
the last thing this tree house saw was jenny flick and charlie having sex , and i really do n't want to think about that .
dad and i slept through the whole thing , which was probably for the best .
` ` i really wish i could have stopped the whole thing , '' i say , still unable to erase the image of the barking puppies and the screeching birds and the mewing kittens and the fish , belly - up , floating atop the water .
maybe this sort of thing happens in your town , too .
next thing you 'll be asking me to marry you .
` ` what about your favorite thing to do ? ''
` ` you mean they did n't get the hint from the whole busted at a g*y bar thing ? ''
i figured it would be gone first thing , like any other graffiti , i guess .
` ` ok , so i did n't want to say anything , in case it did n't come through , '' she confides gleefully , ` ` but cash has found the most amazing thing .
` ` next thing , i 'll be torn apart by wolves . ''
my plan was to stay safely on the ground today , but for some crazy reason , i did n't call the whole thing off when i heard it would be just the two of us .
` ` like i said , they 're just a fun thing . ''
` ` the thing is ...
` ` and the thing with ethan ... '' he adds , hesitant .
` ` about this thing ... '' he starts .
it feels like everyone should be able to tell something 's up , the way i ' m still buzzing with crazy adrenaline , but nobody notices a thing , not even ethan .
` ` they have a thing up in graystone valley every year , '' reeve explains , ignoring ethan .
for a moment , i think i ' m hallucinating the whole thing from a chocolate overdose , but the arms gripping around my waist feel real enough to me .
lying low after the chicago thing .
` ` that 's only because they orchestrate the whole thing ! ''
i should be happy , i know - with my gifts , and garrett 's daydreams of our awesome plans - but there 's one thing wrong with this picture .
the truth is , i wished for the same thing i always do , when i let myself wish at all .
by the time garrett drops me off back home after our movie marathon - and a whole tub of peanut brittle - i ' ve managed to convince him that breaking up with beth is the best thing that 's ever happened to him .
i definitely know it 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
` ` sure , next thing you 'll have me fanning you with a palm frond and feeding you grapes . ''
` ` i was planning on going to this literary camp thing .
you know that thing where somebody says ` ` do n't think of an elephant , '' and suddenly , the only thing on your mind is just that : a whole parade of elephants stomping through your thoughts ?
` ` this normal thing you ' ve got going on ?
i did n't even realize - that 's the crazy thing , '' i tell her .
there i was thinking that missing out on lit camp was dooming me to a summer of depression and loneliness , when really , it was the best thing that could have happened to me .
` ` it 's some exhibition match thing .
that kind of thing , they can pop right back in . ''
i ' m just seeing a guy about a thing . ''
` ` next thing you 'll be making lists and plotting us a schedule . ''
` ` ok , i have this family thing with aunt june today , but you want to hang out tonight ?
i figured , it was hallie 's kind of thing ... ... '' ` ` it would be , '' grace agreed .
` ` the thing is , they still believe everything 's going to go back to normal .
` ` are you going to harry 's thing tonight ? ''
` ` it 's just a casual , hangout thing . ''
she 'd had her true love ripped away from her , and there grace was , moping around like her little crush was the worst thing to ever happen to her - and all along , she could have her guy !
the one thing that would make all of this worse is if he knows i ' m upset about lucy .
his tone was so matter - of - fact , but that was brandon all over : he did n't exaggerate , or make a scene , even when his words were the most dramatic thing she could imagine .
amber said something about a charity thing ... ... '' ` ` want to come over ? ''
maybe it 's because i ' ve sat through so many movies for class or maybe it 's just shock , but right now i see the whole thing at a distance , like i ' m sprawled out in my dorm room with popcorn and this is just the latest mishap of some adorable romantic - comedy cutie .
they 're signing people up for a protest group against the closing of the women 's health center - that thing carrie was going on about the other week .
from : totes_tasha to : emlewis subject : about that blending - in thing ...
` ` that girls gone wild thing , for instance , '' louise adds through a mouthful of cake .
totes_tasha : look at you , all americanized : - ) next thing you 'll b sayin ` ` dude '' and ` ` awesome . ''
it 's the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` and that scene thing ... '' ` ` huh ? ''
see , usually the most exciting thing that happens around here is student government corruption or , like , a nobel prize ; give them a sex scandal by a ` ` crazy feminist protestor '' and it 's front - page news for sure .
` ` come on , let 's make a dash for the loos before this thing starts .
` ` a birthday thing , across town .
the sad thing was , that was n't even a record .
` ` i mean , they might be more relaxed , chatting with someone who 's been through the same thing .
that was the thing , we could n't explain it . ''
` ` next thing , it 'll be orange mocha frappuccinos ! ''
there 's a big launch thing in town ; want to come with me ?
` ` chris is having a brunch thing tomorrow , '' ella said , collecting her things .
' oh , they like to go hunting together , kick slayer butt , that sort of thing .
' but do you know what the worst thing is , violet ? '
when i did open my eyes , the first thing i saw was that the window furthest away , almost as tall as i was and normally securely locked , was now flung wide open , a chilly breeze passing through .
and the most terrifying thing of all was the fact i wanted more .
he said it with a flickering of hope , although his tone told me he hardly dared to believe any such thing could ever happen .
but a vampire who turns a human is expected to give their charge - the turned vampire , ' he explained , seeing my expression , ' a rite of passage and teach them the laws of the kingdom , that sort of thing . '
the last thing i saw before sleep enveloped me sometime later was fallon 's swirling scars through the many lashing , lusty tongues of the fire as he returned and a hand - kaspar 's hand - creeping closer to mine , palm facing the stars .
maybe it was because the prospect of the whole thing did n't seem so awful now .
initially , i had thought my newfound ability to sleep only half the nights in the week like the rest of my kind was the most wonderful thing to happen to me since fallon had invented black coffee laced with maple syrup , but now i was n't so sure .
one thing i could feel were lips and breathing on my ears .
i hoped , somehow , the stress and power of her new role would perversely be the thing to fill the gaping hole in her heart .
next thing i knew , i had a contraceptive implant slotted into my arm .
that kind of thing only makes an impact once , '' the king of athenea said quietly , his eyes constantly darting between me and his daughter emily , who was playing at his feet , and the two mischievous twins who kept trying to pull her hair .
` ` of course , you seem to enjoy that sort of thing ... . '' ` ` go f**k yourself , man , '' ty huffed .
there would have been routine skin and nail scrapings and hair clippings , that sort of thing .
next thing , he predicted , ty would accuse him of clamming up again .
we made no progress , no more than any of the others , and the only thing we succeeded in doing was almost getting killed .
` ` so i ' m to assume it was n't a constant thing ? ''
` ` key card to get in , that kind of thing . ''
` ` first thing , the wife in the story dies , '' he said woodenly .
it was a disconcertingly tender moment , a rare thing for them .
neither deuce nor ty were laughing , though , both of them treating it as if it were an everyday thing .
` ` you just wait ' til she decides to move and hope she do n't startle , '' he advised , as if it were the easiest thing in the world to just stand there while a poisonous snake slid around your ankle .
` ` it 's an ... ongoing thing , '' ty answered .
` ` just a local thing , '' he answered with a smile .
` ` some good thing you remember . ''
` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' deuce muttered as he peered up at them .
` ` the thing is , '' ty said conversationally , ` ` they know it 's not safe because of the f**king squirrels or evil chipmunks or whatever the f**k they are .
` ` the real interesting thing , though , is that zane garrett would do the same for ty , '' deuce concluded .
` ` the only thing i '' ve managed to do is climb half a rock wall and then nearly fall off .
` ` one more curly thing , '' ty muttered .
` ` never saw this kind of thing coming . ''
chapter four t he first thing ty noticed was that it was hot .
he grunted heavily , and the next thing zane knew , tys head was resting on his thigh .
` ` is this a permanent thing ? ''
from the sound of his voice , ty was frustrated now , which meant the tie would be askew - if it was still on at all - and first thing , his jacket would be off , maybe even his shirtsleeves rolled up .
somewhere in it all was a pang of upset : was nt loving someone supposed to be a happy thing ?
the most disconcerting thing of all , though , was that it was nt zane pressed against him .
` ` you do realize that you 're going to be held in a federal cell or safe house for the length of this thing , '' zane said to julian .
` ` do you two do this kind of thing often ?
zane was out of his door , and the next thing ty heard was a gunshot , a spray of concrete , and a scream from cameron , who had been about to climb out of the back seat to follow julian .
` ` love is n't a gentle thing .
zane riding him like this was possibly the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
for all he knew , it could be the same thing with them .
the first thing zane did was pull ty to him and kiss him , long and hard , letting ty 's scent and the feel of him wipe away all the tension he 'd built up in the past few days .
` ` so , not an easy thing . ''
` ` about the cat thing .
` ` it 's a thing . ''
` ` cody and marissa are having a thing .
he began to laugh like it was the most hilarious thing he 'd ever heard , doubling over and grabbing zane 's arm to hold himself up as he cackled .
the next thing he knew , ty was beside him and pulling him into a tight embrace .
whether they won the whole thing or lost every single contest , zane knew he was getting laid later .
never steps on home base before a game , that kind of thing . ''
a lasso was the last thing zane had expected , but even if they came in second place in this event , they would still win the whole thing .
` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' zane whispered , still stunned .
the only thing ty was afraid of was saying no to a set of orders .
` ` it 's the only thing they wo n't expect . ''
he wondered if zane was seeing the same thing .
` ` it was the thing with cross and the cia , was n't it ? ''
ty squeezed his hand and pulled him closer , enjoying such a simple thing as walking along the dark path with their fingers entwined .
nick threw an arm over his shoulders , and it was like the most natural thing in the world for both of them .
` ` only other part of this thing i know is ' you may now kiss the bride ! ' ''
laken says it heartbroken as if it were the worst thing that could have happened .
in a way it 's ironic because i wanted this very thing to happen , for wes to remember everything .
the only thing it could mean is that he 's in too deep .
it 's just laken and me , our bodies connected at the hips as if it were the most natural thing in the world , and it feels as if it is .
the ironic thing is blaine was the one that started the rumor way back when . ''
i saw the whole thing materialize like some horror movie through a pair of night vision goggles that flynn let me borrow .
` ` i was talking to carter , and the next thing i knew grayson backed into me - she waved at someone and took off .
the last thing i expected was laken to be pissed at me .
` ` exactly , '' i say , circling an arm around her waist like it were the most natural thing in the world , and i wish it were .
kres stands next to me , pretending to people watch when we both know the only thing she 's interested in observing is misery .
` ` and another thing '' -casper takes a breath- '' my brother , flynn , is a junior like you . ''
i told her everything the first night i got here , and she said the same thing happened to her . ''
` ` first thing in the morning i 'll pick them up .
i have the distinct feeling the reason their numbers are so low is because the counts have arranged for that very thing .
` ` funny thing is i saw myself in that tree house again . ''
the last thing i need is the white - haired witch dismantling everything i ' m working so hard to get back - namely wes in all his former glory .
but now , right after the girls drill into him with that lust - driven gaze , the next thing they do is look to me and frown because cruise elton is very much taken .
she says it like she means it , and the last thing kenny does is whisper .
i saw the whole thing . ''
trust me , the last thing you need is bad dress juju following you around . ''
it 's not the kind of thing you 'd want your mother , sister , or , god forbid , future brother - in - law to stumble upon .
` ` it was a onetime thing , and it 'll never happen again . ''
` ` anyway , i started thinking i was n't enough and that 's when rutger noticed me , and one thing led to a case of wine coolers and we sort of ended up having a good time in the back of his sports car . ''
` ` it 's just this whole wedding thing .
and then of course he 'll hate me and we 'll cancel the wedding , though ironically , there is n't one thing i actually have to cancel . ''
her dimples wink in and out in rhythm to her anger and she looks cuter than hell , but my heart breaks for her because i wish to god she had n't just witnessed a damn thing between blair and me .
kenny 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
it 's a year - end thing .
i ' m sure he wants to , but i bet tess has made all his fan - tessys come true to ensure that very thing wo n't happen .
the next thing you know , i 'll be drooling over how cute she is and crying like a schoolgirl over the fact she 's just not that into me .
he 's practically the male version of me , and god knows i ' m the worst thing that could ever happen to either of us .
pen lets out an egregious belch that should come with a decibel warning , and erica laughs as if it were the cutest thing ever .
she giggles up a storm like it 's the funniest thing on the planet and something about her laugh sounds buoyant , girlish .
those alone are pretty good signs of things to come , but for now the only thing i want to come is ally .
but one thing i know for sure : morgan jordan is n't going anywhere .
you see , morgan and i have had this thing going ever since he came into town .
she grinds her hips into me , begging for that very thing .
next thing you know i 'll be telling him he 's my boyfriend .
the funny thing is , that 's not who she was afraid would catch us .
there 's something off about that whole thing .
the last thing i see is skyla 's beautiful face - then marshall 's ugly mug as he stands over her shoulder .
but i know better , there 's no such thing as a coincidence , and i want to know why the hell wesley parker - paxton - is haunting the other side of the country with my face .
he and my sister have had a ` ` thing '' for the last few months .
if there 's one thing i do n't like , it 's a fem butting into my private life - especially this one .
she waves before taking off as if it were the most natural thing in the world to have the queen of mean standing right here in front of me .
` ` you know , the funny thing is , after being with gage , i no longer want to shake anybody 's hand .
` ` the most horrible thing happened at the landon house last night . ''
stacks and stacks of eerie grimaces - hollowed out eyes - it 's a thing of horror , a holocaust of our people for nothing more than the greed of the counts .
believe me , that 's the last thing gage needs to see - logan helping me stuff my boob back into my costume .
the funny thing is , it does n't look too unlike the real deal .
it 's a beautiful thing to witness .
it was worth the wait , worth every damn thing we went through .
skyla hit her zenith right along with me , and it was a thing of beauty .
i hold her like that for a very long time in a comfortable silence as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
` ` it was a horrible thing that happened , and , ultimately , it was because of me . ''
no sign of ellis , and marshall is being an ass about the whole thing .
he smirks as beau latches on and begins to nurse off him as if it were the most unnatural thing in the world .
she 's convinced the rest of the team to pretend you masterminded the whole thing , and they 're going to say they tried to stop you .
` ` but i know one thing .
` ` perhaps i feared one thing . ''
the last thing that logan saw with those beautiful champagne eyes was me essentially cheating on him .
and i 'll move heaven and earth to make sure that very thing is possible .
ellis swoops an arm around giselle 's shoulder , and she giggles as if it were the funniest thing on earth .
` ` it 's a levatio thing . ''
and if she thinks i ' m riding shotgun with some corpse on my lap while she parades me around town , she 's got another thing coming .
that 's one thing i wo n't miss next year , mixing with the barbarians from east high .
the only thing we ' ve left to practice for is tomorrow night 's senior rally .
` ` strangest thing happened this morning . ''
it 's a beautiful thing , and in the end , a part of you will have great love . ''
` ` i do n't know but i do know one thing '' -a sly smile twitches on my lips- '' i recognized the boy she was pawing on the football field .
` ` i totally do n't believe a word they say on this channel after that whole mermaid ' documentary ' thing . ''
` ` the great thing about it is '' -mom walks over to the couch as if tad had n't just threatened her with caskets and bullets- '' any of you can try it . ''
` ` death is a horrible thing . ''
` ` it 's the first thing i noticed .
it 's the closest thing i ' ve seen to an emotion since she 's arrived .
that 's one thing i know for sure .
senior year - the first thing that 's going down is chloe .
` ` observant tonight , '' he says it stilted , still miffed from that whole demetri thing .
` ` this thing with chloe ? ''
the only thing she should be sorry about is the vertical funeral she dared to commit twice .
and if it 's one thing i ca n't stand , it 's waiting for the ax to fall .
` ` you can watch the whole thing . ''
` ` i said he should spare you because we got a thing going . ''
the only thing that could possibly be an aftereffect of recreational pharmaceuticals is my mother 's marriage to him .
chapter 8 arrive alive i prattle down the hall expecting to see brielle , dr . oliver , or even chloe 's menacing mug , but this - logan 's beautiful face is unimaginably the best thing i could have ever hoped for .
having logan back is a beautiful , beautiful thing .
the last thing in the world i want to see is that i , in any way , veer from gage in the next year .
the only infinite thing he 'll have to look forward to , is my wrath .
the only thing i ' m really sorry about is my mother 's serious misfortune of hooking up with tad .
` ` so , '' brielle starts , ` ` i saw this thing on tv where you set up this blowup kiddie pool and you have the baby right there in your living room .
` ` giselle took me to the moment - saw the whole thing .
` ` he says he was dancing , the next thing he knew he fell off a table and broke his arm , '' gage raises his brows .
funny , the only thing she asks about is some stupid competition , does n't even bother inquiring about her mother , her frantic father who swore on television this ordeal was shaving ten years off the backend of his life - the friends she left behind , not that she has any .
another thing she can blame me for . ''
it 's the last thing i hear as the room glides in a dizzying circle , and i blink back into my own earthy form .
i ca n't think of a thing that gage and i have done wrong - unless of course they 're pissed about that whole faction war thing .
` ` i 'll be sure to donate two hundred and fifty dollars to the community center first thing in the morning . ''
it was a thing of beauty , skyla , '' he says it breathless .
the only thing that 's real right now is the fact tad is barreling in this direction .
the next thing you know i 'll be announcing the fact he 's a sector and turning myself into the counts .
it 's one thing when you totally deserve to be in the hot seat , and it 's another when the accusations against your person are unequivocally false and so far from the truth it 's offensive .
he brims ear to ear as though it were the funniest thing in the world .
she takes another hit as though it were the most natural thing in the world .
i know this because it 's the last thing i see before the lift speeds up .
i saw the whole thing , '' ms . richards covers her face with her hand .
` ` she 's supposed to be telling you what colors look best on your face , '' brielle cackles like it 's the funniest thing she 's heard .
this whole thing was probably just a ruse to get me alone , so he can capture me - finish off what he started at the stone circle gathering .
i should have asked marshall to penetrate my mind with a shield of some kind to prevent this very thing from happening , although now that i ' m here , under a sad frosted moon and full night sky of pink glittering stars , i do n't seem to mind so much .
it 's the last thing i hear as i plummet straight back to earth at a velocity that promises only one thing .
brielle 's mother hoots into it as if it were the funniest thing she 's ever seen .
` ` it means whoever painted this saw the same thing you did . ''
in fact , had he really been cheating on me , i would have thanked her , and the only thing i 'd be bringing my knees to would have been his balls .
it 's like some nightmare that keeps unfolding , this thing called my life .
i could plan the whole thing backwards - sort of reverse engineer the entire event .
the next thing i know we 're standing outside in the backyard .
it 's not unusual to have this sort of thing happen , as it does from time to time , but the curious nature of their demise , coupled with the fact the deaths were quarantined to one particular faction , brings this matter to the forefront . ''
i ' m dying to know if it was the same kind of thing i experienced with marshall .
the funny thing is , i really do love gage . ''
` ` i ' ve seen this kind of thing throughout the ages .
` ` i think moving here was the best thing that 's happened to this family in a really long time . ''
i should find out where this horrible thing happens , and help her circumvent it .
i saw the whole thing .
we watched the whole thing while gulping down slurpees .
the worst thing , and , perhaps the best that can happen is that this stunning stranger wraps his strong hands around my neck and spares me the privilege of sending myself into the great beyond .
the only thing he 's wishing for is me , naked in the sand .
this place , the things that happened here feel far too easy to fall back into .
it 's a terrible , terrible thing for my carnal beast of a brother to ever have the moral high ground over me .
that 's about the only thing that 's going right for me .
there 's not another thing crawford cannon can do to break your heart .
the last thing i want to witness is her pushing evelyn down the stairs , taking my baby 's life .
she giggles as if it were the funniest thing in the world .
the only thing you never did was sleep with him , and , rumor has it , he 's got a line of skanks a mile long to satisfy him .
` ` it 's not like it was a one - time thing . ''
his eyes widen as if it was the last thing he expected .
never know a good thing when they see it . ''
there 's not a single thing that could spoil this night .
` ` i just remembered i ' ve got this family thing tomorrow night , but hey , there 's always sunday , right ? ''
the next thing i know , i hear screaming coming from upstairs .
` ` if it 's one thing i ca n't stand it 's a guy faking nice while he 's about to cop a feel .
i reach over and interlace our fingers as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
to deny it would be akin to saying that the earth is flat , or that a shoe sale at macy 's is a thing to be ignored .
his arms find themselves a home around my waist as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
the first thing i noticed when the airport shuttle dropped me off is the fact the air is thinner in the mountains of north carolina , much more than it ever was in texas .
the last thing i need to be doing it setting my dick compass on his little sister , but i have a feeling it 's too late .
she gives an open mouthed moan as if it were the sweetest thing .
tears bloom in her eyes , and it 's the last thing i expect .
it 's happened before , the giggling thing .
i hope to god the only thing i find is baya and a bunch of girls from alpha chi singing in a circle .
anyway , first thing monday morning , you 're going to charge into that lovely underwear shipping office and leave that awful boss of yours - along with that awful job - behind .
` ` is that the thing you ca n't wait any longer for ? ''
` ` remember the thing i could n't wait any longer for ? ''
this was another thing i figured out . ''
` ` that 's ... well that 's a rather unique thing to find ' the best ' invention . ''
some financial thing that just happened in a hotel in london .
that 's the reason this thing was hosted in the first place , remember ? ''
` ` a barefoot woman cooking in your kitchen is the sexiest thing you ' ve ever seen ? ''
` ` this woman cooking in my kitchen is the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
we usually brainstorm together , but she had to go to some family thing today , so i did n't have anyone to talk it out with .
` ` are you okay with coming to this thing tonight , given that jack will be there ? ''
fuck , i 'll give her any damn thing she wants .
` ` this is the most romantic thing i ' ve ever seen in my life ! ''
seeing his mouth on me is the most erotic thing i ' ve ever witnessed .
` ` luke is the best thing that ever happened to you .
she had to have been behind this , had to have reported what she saw to hr first thing this morning , probably while nate was making love to me .
it 's a full - on assault will - style , and it 's the most amazing fucking thing i ' ve ever experienced in my life .
she 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me , and i plan to be buried deep inside her sweet body as soon as possible .
it 's the most intense thing i ' ve ever felt .
` ` orgasms are a perfectly fine thing to talk about . ''
` ` watching you come is the sexiest fucking thing i ' ve ever seen in my life . ''
i must doze for just a minute because the next thing i know , caleb is lifting me off the bed .
he smiles at the girls and then turns that smile at me , his eyes warm and tender , as though he 's remembering every little amazingly sexy thing he did to me this morning .
it 's the most terrifying thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
their faces are feral , eyes hot and trained on the other , and it 's the hottest damn thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
he shrugs like it 's the most natural thing in the world to offer his italian home to his newly found brother to use whenever the mood strikes him .
he 's worshipping my body , and it 's the most amazing fucking thing i ' ve ever felt in my entire life .
i stomp out of the bathroom and into the bedroom , punching the keys on my phone as i move , yank my bag out of the closet and throw the few articles of clothing and toiletries i have into it , zip it , and jog down the stairs , preparing myself to go toe - to - toe with the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
` ` so , here 's the thing , '' i cross my arms , mirroring will 's stance .
she moans , as though it 's the sexiest thing she 's ever felt .
it 's the most incredible thing i ' ve ever felt .
i shrug like this is a normal thing .
but it 's a hard thing to see their men hold their bellies . ''
holy fucking hell , it 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever experienced .
` ` the thing you need to remember , sweetheart , is you 're mine .
i sip my sweet drink and lean in with nic , ready to hear what this magical thing is .
scariest fucking thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` what a horrible thing , meredith .
he nods and takes my hand in his , as if it 's the most natural thing in the world and laces his fingers with mine .
i set the wine glass on the ledge of the tub and sink as far into the water as i can without sinking my mouth and nose under the water , take a deep breath , and the next thing i know , strong arms are lifting me out of the tub .
one thing jules is not is a good liar .
` ` one good thing came of it , though . ''
i think i 'd rather skip the bad 80 's movie scene where i walk in late on the first day and everybody has to stop what they 're doing to stare at me , because while that would n't be the worst thing that would ever happen to me , it would still suck .
too bad i have n't gone completely unnoticed , because the next thing i hear - ` ` i think those are made for street corners , not school . ''
the only three things that i know for certain took place last night are that one - small elves climbed up my body and tied my hair into a mass of tiny knots , two - i must have slept with my mouth open because something crawled into it and died and three - i was sucked through a vortex into some animated world where an anvil was dropped on my head .
they should give him a dedicated phone line in the workshop , because every time the phone rings , the same thing happens : turner answers , turner summons josh , josh leaves .
it 's the first thing i remember after i opened my eyes .
the sad thing is that i did n't even need it .
sometimes people will try to tell you some funny thing they remember , which usually is n't funny at all , just sad .
it makes such perfect sense that the only thing that surprises me is that i did n't think of it myself .
i ' m almost proud to hear someone talk about drew for what he should be talked about , but it 's a rare thing .
i know it 's a stupid present , probably not the thing girls want to get .
there 's only one thing on it , so far , but i think it 's out of his control .
` ` i thought seeing you was the only thing that would help her . ''
leigh showed up , walked in and said hi , and like always , it was the easiest , most natural thing in the world .
i want to hit him for it , and for so many other things , but there 's a part of me that knows that i just do n't need one more thing to be pissed at myself about tonight .
he 's looking at me like he 's scared and it 's the only thing that could possibly make me happy at this moment .
nate likes to go fast , live dangerously , that kind of thing . ''
` ` please , '' she begged on a whisper and nate 's eyes flickered again and again her belly did a funny thing that felt just like a somersault .
` ` laura was the best thing that happened to me .
it was the first hopeful thing he 'd seen that day .
perhaps the first hopeful thing he 'd seen in eight years .
now , eight years later , the same thing happened with slight differences .
this was the only thing that brightened callum 's morning .
as they made huge , fluffy pancakes for the men , she told sonia stories about her momma and papa which was the only nice thing that had happened in this mess , regan knowing and having stories about sonia 's parents .
that temple thing , she thought , must be some sort of callum 's people gesture .
same thing , '' he replied distractedly , mind on other things , not just informing her of the usually joyous fact that that morning they 'd essentially been we d. she stood frozen and stared as he massaged the shampoo in his hair .
and he could feel her gliding her nose along his neck , taking in the scent of him , an odd thing for a human to do but it aroused him greatly .
the only positive thing that came from this was the fact that the on - call doctor seemed familiar with the lethal importance of sonia 's illness and did n't sound like he was f**king around .
as her body betrayed her and snuggled closer to him , her mind latched on a way out of her first thing in the morning predicament .
` ` i did n't know there was such a thing , '' she told him .
before the blackness permeated , i felt his head rear up away from my throat and the last thing i remembered was saying on a frail whimper , ` ` you promised . ''
his mouth opened over mine and , as if it was the most natural thing in the world , mine opened under his .
i was glaring at her back while considering loading the silver in a pillowcase and hitchhiking to the nearest town when the next thing happened .
both stephanie and i had consumed more than our fair share of vodka martinis under the watchful and reproachful ( i might add ) eyes of edwina when the next thing happened .
not that i had any problem with this kind of thing , it just was n't my scene .
this was shocking news as another thing i 'd caught in the moments i paid attention in class was that vampires mated , as in pledged their troth , with vampires , period , dot , the end .
his body did that thing again , that menacing , sinister change where his muscles came into sharp relief .
he was anticipating the real thing , not an oft - used imitation .
even though i had no freaking clue what happened , there was one thing i knew through an intuition the source of which escaped me .
to hide the fact that i 'd had such a girlie , obsessed with a hottie vampire who was going to join with me that very night thing , i did n't bother to rise from the beanbag when he came in .
a premonition of this sentence thing ?
it was the kind of thing dreams were made of , if you did n't hate the person who made that dream come true as , at the time , i hated lucien .
well , one thing i could say about that .
i listened to him disconnect , feeling the disconnection of our phone call like a physical thing , foreshadowing of things to come , and that ache in me deepened .
i listened to him disconnect , feeling the disconnection of our phone call like a physical thing , foreshadowing of things to come , and that ache in me deepened .
only thing that stopped me unloading my clip in that motherfucker was vi shoutin ' , and you looked in my eyes and mouthed her words , makin ' a f**kin ' joke .
and lying in that bed after having a hint of benny bianchi 's good morning for the first time , a hint that was sweet and sexy , a hint that i knew could only get bigger and better , the thing that hit me was that it would n't matter whose bed i was in .
` ` the whole thing just gives me a weird feeling .
i just got out the word ` ` thing '' when i lost my view of the lake because ben turned me in his arms .
the cool thing in doing this was that i found benny was n't a hoarder .
but mostly , it was just a pleasant thing to happen while i passed the time until i could phone benny .
` ` not sure that makes me feel better , '' benny stated , not knowing anything about email or that it would be quite the task to register and use a domain name just to pull one over on an unsuspecting , protective , italian hot guy first thing on a sunday morning .
since i had a taste of a good thing , i know what i ' m lookin ' for .
this was because he knew she probably dashed it off but still , the f**king thing could be framed .
he did n't need to be walking , eyes open , into the same f**king thing .
one being in the current circumstances this was a weird thing to share .
i sat in bed trembling and the only thing i heard was layla 's dog tags jingling .
jesus , f**k , mike felt the same goddamned thing .
` ` then this is the thing .
` ` the same thing was bound to happen to you but it happened for you sooner .
and layne knew one last thing .
` ` but mom was n't the best thing to happen to you , '' jasper noted , his eyes locked on layne and layne gave it to him straight .
` ` best thing that happened to me , gettin ' shot , man , i can not tell you . ''
` ` only thing less likely than a man tellin ' the man who ordered him to be whacked about his newfound joy at bein ' reunited with his ex is that man 's woman doin ' it too . ''
` ` jesus , boy , next thing i 'll find out is you drive a mini - van . ''
online encyclopedias , goggle her name and she could cure world hunger but that 's the first thing you 'd see .
it 's become the hot , in thing to go and see what the layne boys are up to .
one thing i know for certain is they 're recruitin ' through the church . ''
i want it to be you and me and the boys and blondie and the worst thing that could happen is jas burns the pasta bake . ''
this could be the same thing with giselle speakmon caught in the crossfire .
` ` i know , the interesting thing will be , where will he bolt ? ''
` ` i got her number after the last thing and i ' ve been callin ' her .
that kinda thing happens with girls all the time .
overtime was beginning to be a regular thing but i was n't complaining .
she was na**d beside him after he 'd f**ked her , they were talking , another thing he never did with a woman , and she was n't touching him .
` ` next thing you 'll do is tie the stem of a cherry in a knot with your tongue . ''
her eyes came to me and she said , ` ` sure thing , babe , saw him , why you think i tagged mike ?
` ` anyway , clarisse and i got a thing , scary movie friday night .
well , one thing i could say about this , the only thing , was at least i did n't have to drive .
somehow i fell back to sleep , telling myself that whole thing was a dream .
the only thing more beautiful was their father doing it but they 'd never have that , not ever again .
only thing that would piss him off is if you did n't come thinkin ' you could n't because of him . ''
the only thing he could figure was that hart wanted to play with him .
` ` cal , '' she whispered , relief so stark in her tone it was a physical thing coming over the airwaves .
the profilers are comin ' from virginia first thing . ''
` ` shit , i ' member a time when worst thing that happened around here was a bar fight at jandj 's .
funny thing , though , last coupla months denny lowe has been making hefty withdrawals from their joint account .
colt had n't had time that day to stop by amy 's place , call doc 's to see if amy came in or go to the bank to talk to julie mccall , but he scratched it on his mental schedule to do first thing tomorrow .
` ` we got an interview set up first thing tomorrow .
i felt pain in my scalp but it did n't register as i pressed into him , flattening my hands on his chest , caging them between us , caught up in a wordless promise that was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever experienced , the most wondrous gift i 'd ever been given in my life .
` ` i know it 's late and i know your schedule 's busy , but i need you to bump your other customers for a priority job , first thing in the mornin ' . ''
she 'd called him first thing after waking up , her mind on what she did to him with her mouth .
he saw the whole thing .
i watched this whole thing , unable to move .
colt found himself marveling at the fact that she fit him so perfectly , fell into his rhythm like it was the most natural thing in the world , as if she was born to slow dance in his arms .
the only thing that surprised him was the stories printed in the star laid out the truth about feb and colt as far as susie knew it but there was nothing ugly , nothing mean .
his presence did that swelling and heating thing again even as his eyes narrowed and he whispered in a peculiar ( but somewhat alarming ) sinister tone , ` ` he did what ? ''
lavon will gladly give me backstage passes should i ask , something i 'll be doing first thing tomorrow .
the only thing earth shattering that happened ( and this was only my perception ) was that when we were seated ( in other words , when jake was n't clapping or cupping his hands around his mouth and shouting encouragement at the team i was relatively certain they could n't hear or jumping to his feet like all of those around us , applauding and shouting ) , jake held me to him the whole time .
the other thing that happened was that donna 's eyes came to jake and i , took us in quickly with back and forth flicks of her gaze ( most specifically our arms around each other ) , and finally settled on jake .
but having been the one who experienced it , i knew it was the most romantic thing that had ever happened to me .
his face sated and relaxed , his eyes warm , his c**k still inside me , that was the most beautiful thing i 'd seen in my life .
he could n't see her distinctly but he still knew she was the prettiest thing he 'd ever seen , the best lay he 'd ever had , the best thing that had ever happened to him .
` ` thing is , that firm actually drew up your granny 's will so they ca n't exactly not defend it when it gets contested .
think that because the next thing i know , jake 's over at her house cleaning out the gutters .
today , you spend packing your trunks , i 'll load them and tomorrow morning , first thing , we 'll be away .
playing it on wii did not set you up for the real thing .
it was the most intense , profound , agonizingly beautiful thing i ever experienced ; every second sheer perfection .
the other thing that was fantastic was that the sleighs with our things , as driven by kell , arrived about an hour ago .
the only thing i thought was i was pretty f**king pleased i 'd practiced so goddamned much .
then we reached a clearing , halted at the vision before us and instinctively huddled together , all of us staring at a line of standing dragons , wings rolling and curling , long necks arching and writhing , tails snapping and thrashing , claws scoring the snow and then , as one , we turned to run but halted dead in our tracks when the next thing happened .
and the thing i noticed , outside what was going on on the outskirts of our pen , was that there were different kinds of women in the pen .
then they 'd battle , sword against sword , knife against knife , fists against flesh and the only thing i had to be thankful for was that the chain was long and every warrior who hooked it to me shoved me well out of the fray .
while i ate ( creamy yogurt , sweet dried fruit and some kind of grain all mixed together , it was actually quite tasty ) and drank coffee ( the only good thing so far , the savages had coffee , though the milk they had to put in it tasted slightly tangy ) , diandra chatted to me about seerim , her three sons ( all , she bragged openly , in training to be warriors , her first , she bragged scarily , had already made his ` ` first kill '' ) and her one daughter ( ` ` he would deny it , he is proud of his warrior sons , but sheena is seerim 's favorite , '' she said ) , my women ( i refused to call them slaves ) carted in a big , oval copper tub with one side swayed back and filled it with buckets of steaming water .
` ` lahn told me that when he claimed me , even in the moonlight , he saw my spirit shining in my eyes and it was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
for zahnin 's part , he did n't even wince but lay on my bed with pillows i 'd shoved under his head , one arm bent , hand behind his head , chatting amiably through the whole thing to bain who was standing at the head of the bed , arms crossed on his chest and one ankle crossed over the other in a casual warrior pose which did n't fit with what had become a minor medical procedure in a primitive examination room .
` ` all day , i rode blind , the only thing i saw , visions of my golden queen covered in blood . ''
the second thing i noticed was there was an older , slightly stooped , short , round woman approaching us .
lahn 's smile faded before he replied in english , ` ` if she does something to earn the tip of my lash , you will not do a thing . ''
the only thing i did was fall asleep .
one thing i knew for certain .
and , in a weird way , the whole thing worked .
` ` no , really , i have special insurance for , you know , that kind of thing , '' i lied and kept lying .
` ` love is a mighty thing , '' she carried on .
` ` good thing i did , considering i ' m crazy , '' i reminded him .
but here i was , in a new world and i knew one thing .
and the last thing that happened was an enormous flock of birds suddenly appeared in the sky .
` ` awesome , '' cora said , ` ` i wish i 'd seen his whole thing from the beginning . ''
` ` seance , '' mrs . truman instantly replied as if this was an entirely natural thing to be doing in someone else 's living room or at all .
the thing you have to know is , a long time ago , i found the diaries , '' honor told her .
` ` but , the thing you have to know is , this means alistair does n't own the castle .
if angus does n't take her down , the only thing vivianna might learn tonight is that she 's got a worthy adversary .
` ` um , '' abby started , looked amongst the faces , trying to decide who would take the least offense then she tried to be diplomatic , ` ` let 's say angus as he 's had more experience with this type of thing . ''
i mean , this kind of thing does n't happen to most people even once , but now it 's happened to cash twice ?
` ` i ' m going to kiss you , '' he replied evenly as if this was the most natural thing in the world .
she shouted willie 's favourite word and the next thing she knew , douglas was pressing a martini in her hand .
they walked together , hand in hand , as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
after thanksgiving , lady ashton left first thing in the morning , carter stuffing her and the seven louis vuitton cases ( that veronika methodically packed ) in the bentley .
julia had no time to react or to do anything because the next thing she knew , her hand was taken in a firm , almost painful grip and she heard an iron - edged , velvet - cloaked , deep voice growl in her ear , ` ` we 're going . ''
but julia was finished making a fool of herself and the only thing that caused her to be anything but deliriously happy ( and it was only to cause her to be even more deliriously happy ) was when douglas 's deep voice rang out in the cathedral when he said his vows and when he said , ` ` i do . ''
that 's what girls like me do , '' she explained as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
sibyl did n't have a little black dress so , mainly out of curiosity , she asked what scarlett would wear on a ` ` date '' that she was certain would not be a sure thing .
the only good thing that came of her visit with sibyl was that obviously the girl had magic of her own .
we have an officer checking the house now to see if there was anything obviously stolen , forced entry , that kind of thing . ''
` ` this kind of thing at another house in the area , tranquilliser darts , vandalism ? ''
that type of thing . ''
mandy had written an unhappy note about how the letters were supposed to be in first class post today but if he did n't mind seeing to them tonight , she 'd have them couriered first thing tomorrow .
` ` well , i 'd rather you wake me than have the living daylights frightened out of me first thing in the goddess - damned morning , '' she snapped .
` ` it was our private moment , his and mine , the only one we 'd ever have and , even though he was n't kissing me but the memory of beatrice , it was still the most beautiful thing i 'd ever experienced and i was happy to have that fleeting moment than nothing at all .
the only thing worse than interrupting a bingo game with unnecessary noise was announcing it was concluding .
* * * * * first thing that morning , mandy walked into colin 's office with his coffee and whispered , ` ` mr . fitzwilliam is here to see you . ''
` ` some ... thing , '' she stalled , drawing out the word for as long as she could .
and it was then the strangest thing happened .
then , in that moment , the strangest thing happened .
at least there was one thing to look forward to .
` ` pleasure , '' prentice muttered but mikey pumped his arm like their handshake was the last thing he 'd do before he died and he never wanted it to end .
* * * * * prentice prentice stood looking out the window of his daughter 's hospital room thinking that there was only one thing worse than watching your always full of life and laughter wife wasting away in a matter of months .
the only weird thing that happened was when she was standing , talking to debs and fergus , prentice brought her a plate piled high with food .
only one thing could happen and it did .
that i was the best thing to come in your life .
elle thought that outside of prentice 's kisses , his lovemaking , waking up in his arms ( even when he was grumpy ) , seeing his devilish grin , watching him come home and talking to him on the phone , sally 's hugs were the best thing she 'd ever experienced in her life .
sally hugging both her and prentice while jumping up and down excitedly at the thought that elle was moving in while jason gazed at her with that look in his eyes was the best thing she 'd ever experienced in her life .
elle was rushing around in the great room stuffing stockings , unearthing presents from santa she 'd hidden that she 'd bought and wrapped while the kids were at school , arranging them under the tree and pulling together her potato , cheese , sausage casserole that she would pour the scrambled egg over and toss in the oven first thing in the morning for breakfast .
his lips tipped up slightly at the ends and she watched them as if this small movement was the most fascinating thing she ever beheld .
but he would n't think that was funny as , apparently , he thought that was the most natural thing in the world to share while having a morning cuddle .
the smile in his eyes that did n't reach his mouth was n't the most beautiful thing she ever beheld .
and her bracing made her realise she 'd relaxed into his arms and had been resting her weight into his like it was the most natural thing in the world .
` ` and you ca n't believe for one second that , if the same thing happened to you , and a woman you cared about spent the night with me , that you would n't be livid , '' miles shot back and jack 's patience slipped another considerable notch at his brother 's very selective memory .
i dreamed the whole thing .
belle abbot holding hands with james bennett while they walked through his huge , imposing castle on their way to breakfast like it was the most natural thing in the world .
no , jack thought , his jaw tightening , not one thing was going to happen to his belle .
` ` i think i ' m seeing the same thing too . ''
` ` okay , the thing is , rosie has a little side business .
the heavy warm thing around my waist tightened .
he saw the whole thing . ''
` ` the thing is , when this all started , you were in dc and ally said you were n't due back .
i 'd never known a man who did n't wake up with one thing on his mind , usually ready for that thing before his eyes opened .
what i did n't realize was , for years he 'd been experiencing the same thing .
chapter twenty - one we are n't practice for the real thing i heard lee mutter , ` ` fuck , '' and my wrist was circled by his fingers .
* * * * * the next thing i knew , i was being lifted in the air and cats were flying everywhere .
i might have thought this was bullshit , but one thing lee was n't was a bullshit artist .
it was the first time i 'd ever ignored a cup of coffee first thing in the morning .
you are n't going to bail at the last minute because of some fake work thing . ''
the next thing i knew , vance was there , like he 'd formed out of thin air .
the next thing i knew , a hand wrapped around my wrist and eddie jerked me out of his lap .
` ` i watched the whole thing .
the next thing i knew , eddie was crouched in front of me and he took my shoes away .
` ` smithie found out about the knife thing .
the next thing i knew , we were pul ing into his al ey .
the next thing i knew , my cel phone was ringing .
he said it and i just flipped out and the next thing i knew we were rol ing around on the floor .
the whole thing lasted less than ten minutes . ''
see , the thing was , good things did n't happen to me .
i do n't think they'l be expecting us first thing . ''
then , say that bad thing happens .
` ` the worst thing , '' i told him .
next thing , indy was going to be cal ing , asking me to a slumber party .
next thing you'l want champagne instead of hooch .
that kind of thing , '' i asked , sounding uppity .
hank was the best thing that had ever happened to me in my whole , stinking life .
and another thing i did n't know , he was smiling .
the only thing you did was fal in love with an ass**le .
they saw the whole thing .
my brother mikey died in surgery a couple hours later , though it was the same thing .
i watched the whole thing and nearly pee 'd my pants laughing .
he 'd probably watched and listened to the whole thing .
one thing you could say for that , it sure was honest .
` ` because i did n't want this exact same thing to happen , '' i said in a soft clip , giving up on getting them to be quiet .
` ` the worst thing that could happen is he 'd fall off his rolling stool behind the cash register .
` ` that seems an odd thing to share , '' jet entered the discussion , ` ` especially for luke . ''
the bulk of which was corporate investigations , background checks on employees , looking into fraud , that kind of thing .
it 's the most natural thing in the world . ''
the only thing that occurred to me was that i liked my head where it was .
` ` during my thing , i convinced myself i was moving to nicaragua , '' she shared .
one thing you could say , he did sound sorry , very sorry .
and he watched the whole thing .
lucky for me you guys left the lights on , i watched the whole thing .
somehow , hearing them made the whole thing seem more real .
` ` meeting first thing , '' luke said .
the thing is , her granddaughter , olivia , showed up while we were talking with winnie and apparently , somewhere along the line , both indy and jet had stun - gunned olivia and daisy got in a catfight with her .
this kind of thing does n't happen in the lobby of a nice hotel , '' my mother snapped .
mace closed his eyes on that thought and the only thing he could see was stel a 's thigh , her smooth , soft skin gaping open , wet and bloody .
she 'd seen the whole thing .
it was the only good thing i had to give , i was generous with the gift and they sucked it right up .
something was happening to me , something very frightening and there was only one thing i knew - i could n't deal .
people were grabbing at my t - shirt , trying to tag my belt loops , i felt fingers slide through my hair and i watched the same thing happening to mace .
he did a mini - ab - crunch and twisted so he was on his elbow too , his face in my face , so close , it was the only thing i could see .
` ` you 're the best thing that ever happened to me in my whole life .
the stage was set and i had one thing to thank sidney carter for , i did n't have to lug amplifiers around town .
wel , one thing you could say for that , it proved shirleen right .
the only thing i thought was , he was n't exactly young but the guy could stil move .
every time since she made it big , just like tonight , she pointed down to us , wrapped her hand around the mic and , first thing , told the crowd , ` ` my girls are here tonight . ''
` ` the thing is , sadie townsend was beaten up really badly tonight . ''
the first thing i saw was the ceiling .
well , i knew one thing .
` ` yeah , '' hector agreed , his lips doing that fighting - a - grin thing again .
` ` you do n't have a lot of experience with this kind of thing , so i 'll explain it to you .
i always hated it but it was the only thing he allowed .
my heart was in my throat , clogging it , that hot , hard thing in my chest started burning .
` ` he killed her , '' i announced in a flat voice , ignoring toms arms , feeling nothing but that hot , hard thing burning in my chest , my body went ramrod straight , my hands clenched in fists at my sides .
it hurt so much i felt that hot , hard thing in my chest grow and spread , up my throat and down to my belly until i found it difficult to breathe and i was certain sure it was going to suffocate me .
i did n't know what i expected from this first thing in the morning talk where i did n't get to talk but that was n't it .
then all of a sudden , that big , hard , burning thing came back into my chest and it started choking me .
hector and carlos stayed silent but they also appeared to find the whole thing amusing .
he was pale and i felt that hard , hot thing start forming in my chest again .
` ` ralphie , we 'll talk about it later , '' i said quietly , trying to ignore the thing in my chest and the current in the air .
` ` lights out , '' jerry said and the last thing i saw were the taser prongs coming at me .
the only thing i could do was put my hands to either side of his neck and hold on .
i did n't really know how girlfriends did this kind of thing .
i mean , we were around each other a lot when he was undercover and , one night , we had a thing that did n't end well .
the only thing that slightly marred the festivities was when ally started a hay fight during the hayride , it got a little rowdy ( tex was on that ride ) and we got threatened with hayride - ejection from the irate hayride driver .
it had been the most romantic thing i 'd ever seen in my life .
well , one could n't say this kind of thing did n't happen occasionally .
his head cocked to the side , his eyes went guarded , and he asked , ` ` the ava thing ? ''
` ` you did n't look good after sadie 's thing , honey , '' he answered .
something that taught me the death of hope was the worst thing you could experience .
you took her back through that whole thing , even after we had our thing . ''
shit went down and it took a while but i knew it did happen when you cried in my arms after sadie had her thing .
` ` uh ... since indy 's thing . ''
` ` tell me , since sadie 's thing , when you 're not working or gallivanting , when have you been at your apartment and i have n't been there with you ? ''
and what that was was the fact that lee essentially moved indy in with him the day her thing started .
much the same thing happened with roxie , jules , ava , stella and sadie .
` ` during her thing , indy and lee moved in together .
` ` you need to take them to thornton to the haunted house thing where billy caught up with roxie , '' daisy advised .
the problem is , mom likely instigated the lee and hank being here thing without telling us , which means dad also does n't have the upper hand .
i think the only break he took since this all went down was to go to luke and ava 's thing . ''
he lifted his head and stated , ` ` find time between one thing and another to have dinner with your man . ''
clearly , ren did not allow the same thing .
after that big thing last night , the girls and me watched your next dance .
hank had heard her laughing through the whole f**king thing .
if this was n't part of a mission , i would have giggled my ass off through the whole thing .
he said at the thing for max , jules had so many balloons , he was running into them for days and stepping on them for days after . ''
one thing i knew .
and another thing i knew .
the first thing i noticed ?
chase 's loud laughter was the last thing i heard as i tugged amy towards my mercedes .
no doubt her brother had the whole thing planned out .
the last thing anthony remembered was a sharp pain slicing into the back of his head as he caught the edge of the refreshment table .
the only thing worse would have been if she had fallen prostrate , throwing her skirts up in the air and offering the whole of the ton a brilliant view of her drawers .
it was a rare thing to behold in his social circle , and he found the feelings he had carefully pushed aside flared to life all at once , nearly choking him as he reached her side .
` ` it 's the same thing , '' he snorted .
confusion made it impossible to do anything except over - analyze every single thing which had happened that day .
the next thing he knew , she was standing in front of him pointing a tiny finger in his face .
a business transaction was one thing ; a heart being involved was quite another .
the whole thing happened in slow motion .
the last thing she heard was the sound of paintball guns going off and him screaming expletives into the night sky .
nor was he surprised when several women in the congregation waited in anticipation for the same thing .
the only thing that could make matters worse would be if the preacher stood up on the pulpit and shouted , ` ` you sinner !
if her father was out with mrs . mcarthur again , it could only mean one thing .
if i could n't remember being drunk or getting to the damn hotel , that meant i was sloppy about every single thing that happened .
she needed to know it had been a one - time thing .
especially after all those years wishing for that very thing .
or maybe it was a growl , because the next thing i knew , i was turning around and pushing her into the shower , up against the wall , and taking her like a- great , so not only had i frozen in a euphoric state , but i had resorted to daydreaming .
from pushing me against a wall and dancing his way up my body to licking a shot off my stomach - something i 'll take to my grave because it was both the most embarrassing and erotic thing that 's ever happened in my existence - to making out with me next to the bathrooms .
his eyes narrowed , and then he did the oddest thing .
you see , there was one thing i was n't counting on happening , one person i was n't able to ... '' she shrugged , ` ` manage . ''
she tried to blackmail alec with pictures of them together in order to get drug money - it turned into a whole thing ... it was dramatic to say the least .
i should have ended the conversation immediately - mainly because he was making my stomach do that swirly thing it does when a hot guy gives you a compliment and you realize that it actually means more than it should .
the entire thing had been filmed in an old catholic church .
the only thing he 'd never done was a horror film , so horror film it was .
the last thing i heard was the bedroom door slamming .
needing to stem them , i blinked ; i could n't spend the rest of my life crying at every damn thing .
i was sorry - for every damn thing .
the crazy thing was ...
he swore and then did the strangest thing .
and the funny thing ?
the last thing i wanted to do was get out of the most comfortable bed i 'd ever slept in and take the walk of shame down the hall and let my professor - ha !
` ` his death was the best thing that ever happened to me .
besides , jack had n't seen a thing and had gabe seen anything on the cameras , he sure would n't have let me go back .
especially when the last thing you see before you close your eyes is that of a person ending their own life .
and then one tiny little thing happens and immediately you 're back to that place .
but the thing is , i had no idea that i was in a bubble .
and then the strangest thing happened .
for ash had experienced one thing that she never would .
was n't he lying on his back in the middle of the floor for that very thing ?
i believe she imagined the entire thing .
strangest thing , for hunter refused to fight back .
` ` i 'll visit him first thing monday morning , if that pleases you .
what we did was a natural thing , when put together so many nights on end .
and then she did the oddest thing .
he just continued to relax and tell stories as if it was the most natural thing ever to be so familiar with her .
in fact , he made a mental note to hide it first thing in london .
next thing he would think his horse was talking to him .
stefan was shaking her body , the last thing she saw through the blurry haze of nothingness was a lone tear run down stefan 's cheek .
mr . fitzgerald brought it over first thing this morning .
and the last thing i needed was to put him back in the line of fire after all the things i 'd done to keep him out of it .
mo the last thing i remembered was pain , severe pain , and so much blood that i ended up passing out after sergio whispered in my ear that tex needed me .
one thing i was hopeful for ?
mo seeing him only meant one thing .
i glanced at tex , hoping , praying a look of understanding would pass between us , water under the bridge , i tried to save his life , that sort of thing .
` ` and this miraculous thing happens with ears .
right , that was the worst possible thing to think about before going to bed .
i wiped my hands on my pants and gazed back at the door , hoping mil had n't witnessed the entire thing .
` ` what 's the worst possible thing that could happen to us ? ''
i swear the sound of my jeans being unzipped by someone other than me was the most terrifying thing i 'd ever heard .
nadia could feel it coursing all around her , that static - electricity thing all over again .
outside chicago , you can actually hear things like the wind through the trees .
and that was n't even the freakiest thing that had happened to her today - not compared to the part where her car flew out of the ditch again .
maybe it was kind of a crazy thing to suspect somebody of .
verlaine 's heart did that thing it did whenever she saw him - that stealthy thing that felt like turning over and constricting at the same time .
he did n't see the horned thing again ; at first he thought whatever weird thing had happened to his brain had ended .
mateo started backing away from elizabeth , and the expression on his face was the last thing nadia would have expected to see : utter horror .
of all the freaky things he 'd witnessed , including the weird horned thing , the halo was by far the most disturbing , because it was a part of him .
of all the freaky things he 'd witnessed , including the weird horned thing , the halo was by far the most disturbing , because it was a part of him .
but he had to have noticed the same thing she had : elizabeth was n't in chemistry class today .
i mean , you have the salem witch trials - women who fled massachusetts because they were scared by the witch trials - that kind of thing . ''
that 's one thing the movies do n't lie about . ''
which was a gross thing to think about .
ginger 's eyes widened , and nadia knew that they 'd both seen the same thing .
that was the kind of thing that would give cole nightmares for sure .
` ` thing is , he always said he did n't like her that way .
at least one thing had gone right .
it was the most real thing ever .
` ` we know one thing , '' mateo said , folding his arms .
and if this was the same thing that had happened to mrs . purdhy , that meant ... nadia turned to see elizabeth standing in the doorway of la catrina .
the same thing happened to our teacher at school .
next thing you know , she 's not even human .
` ` the same weird thing that happened to that girl at '' -he glanced over at cole , who was in the living room watching spongebob squarepants with rapt fascination- '' at l - a - c - a - t - r - i - n - a ? ''
that was the kind of thing it always was on grey 's .
the first nurse staggered against the wall , then slumped to the floor - and that black stuff was all over her , the same stuff that had choked riley , the exact same thing happening again .
i only know it would be the most amazing thing in the world . ''
she 'd despised him for that , knowing that little good remained in demons after their transformation ... but that had been before she 'd realized the exact same thing could happen to her .
nadia started getting the texts first thing in the morning .
i was just starting to think maybe that was a one - time thing , but now- '' last month , a spell gone wrong had landed mateo in the hospital overnight ; the doctors , having no other way of understanding what ailed him , assumed he must have had a seizure .
` ` every horrible thing that 's happening around you , and you blame one of the only people who cares enough to try to help .
` ` do you think this is the last thing dad saw ? ''
instead , my thoughts keep turning to the way theo took me in his arms at the club , or how , when i leaned against him in the elevator , it felt like the most natural thing in the world .
the first thing i notice is that these stairs are carpeted in red velvet .
the second thing i notice is that all the beads clattering and rolling down the steps are n't beads at all .
second , i ' m pretty sure there are protocols for this sort of thing , royal letter formulas to follow , none of which i know .
i realize that this is what being a parent means - facing the most horrible thing that could ever happen to you and yet thinking only of how it will hurt your child .
so i ' m still in his arms as i touch the firebird ; the last thing i feel in this dimension is his kiss on my cheek .
she 's talking about what she thinks she saw in the kitchen , which brings up the whole question of what i do or do n't feel for theo , on top of every other confusing thing that 's happened ...
` ` the next thing i knew , i was twenty thousand leagues under the sea .
the whole thing was just another hallucination - par for the course , really , considering my ptsd .
when i joined my family for dinner that night , i felt strangely , disturbingly calm as i ate , as if watching the whole thing from a distance .
i 'd imagined the whole thing .
my parents are having a thing on saturday , but sunday i ' m free . ''
that was a crazy thing to think .
and even though noah was different - seemed different - from the person jamie had warned me about , that did n't mean our thing would n't be over tomorrow .
the ebola thing last year .
` ` funny thing , '' he said .
this whole thing was probably fake .
that was the last thing i heard before i blacked out .
` ` this thing , what i ' ve done- there 's something wrong with me , noah .
noah would be the best thing that almost happened to me , but he would be safe .
` ` second , i want to tell the parents of jordana- '' and then the oddest thing ; before another thought appeared against the backdrop of my mind , someone began popping popcorn right there at the courthouse .
which means that right now , noah 's the most normal thing in her life . ''
you screw with my family , i screw with yours ; that kind of thing . ''
` ` buckingham palace , big ben , that sort of thing . ''
5 the first thing i noticed when i woke up was that i was covered in blood .
the second thing i noticed was that this did n't bother me the way it should have .
` ` sorry about the message in blood thing , by the way . ''
i stopped eating because it was the only thing that helped .
` ` no lie , i think stella thinks that 's a thing that could actually happen .
31 before london , england the first thing i noticed when i woke was that our marriage bed was soaked with blood .
that 's a thing that can happen , apparently , an interesting little factoid that daniel made much of .
` ` look , '' i said to daniel and jamie , ` ` what 's the most terrifying thing you can think of in these tunnels ?
what a crazy thing to think .
daniel thought the whole thing was hilarious .
she glanced down at herself like she was checking to see if i saw the same thing she did .
that 's the only thing that made sense , '' blaire said , studying someone across the fire .
` ` what was the most exciting thing that happened today ? ''
` ` this is by far the most exciting thing that happened today .
` ` you know , this is possibly the best thing that has ever happened . ''
that 's the first thing i remember .
the only nonshallow thing i did was hang out in a giant graveyard with a girl who was n't even my friend anymore .
probably not the best thing to be thinking about given i could n't place an order for coffee .
surrounded by birds chirping and the dragging swoosh of bare branches rubbing together , i realized another terrible thing .
` ` god , sam , that 's a messed - up thing to even consider . ''
` ` what an odd thing to be patient for , '' i mumbled .
i ' ve never seen her like this before , so defiled by indignation , and it 's a tragic thing to witness in one so kind and beautiful .
her eyes widen and lock in place as if she 'd just seen the most traumatizing thing ever .
so angry that he 's blinded by it , which is a rare thing to see in victor .
next thing i knew , bray jumped up from the dock and ran back out into the pasture .
the only thing i regretted was the seventeen years i wasted not realizing it sooner .
come to find out he had to drop out when he was sent to prison after that thing with the girl in miami that tate had mentioned to me previously .
i can leave first thing in the morning after the bank opens and i can be in corpus christi by tomorrow night .
i remembered that tate planned to leave first thing after the bank opened , so when i glanced up at the clock on the wall and saw that it was already noon i woke up quickly the rest of the way .
he got shitfaced one night , met this girl at a party , one thing led to another , and he f**ked her .
so , when he told this girl it was just a one - time thing , apparently she did n't like that much .
the only thing he did wrong was run , but he did n't go far .
while it was my intention only to make her feel better , give her a sense of normalcy , just talking about it , thinking about it , and touching her hand in such a suggestive way , it 's made me so hard that i have no doubt about what i 'll be doing first thing when i get home .
i think of every good thing between us and i picture every smiling moment that we shared .
last night was a near thing , my dear .
` ` i am sorry you had to witness such a ghastly thing . ''
that was the one thing he could not allow .
it was very naughty of him and i have made him promise to return them to the kitchen the first thing in the morning .
it would be a terrible thing to destroy him .
what a remarkable thing . ''
` ` why , you sly minx , what an extraordinary thing , '' she twittered in playful tones .
the gypsy shrugged as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be summoned by a bit of gold .
` ` all things are possible , my dear , '' the gypsy assured her as she rose to her feet and lightly stroked her hair .
that was n't the only thing they begged for , she silently acknowledged , piling her plate high with scrambled eggs before taking a sip of her freshly squeezed orange juice .
now that he thought about it , he was tempted to start the whole thing over .
` ` and what would you know of such a thing , little one ? ''
even by demon standards the thing was gruesome .
even if there was such a thing as a half - price sale at the local ming outlet shop , she would have to work ten lifetimes to make such a sum .
` ` a spirited thing , '' the demon rasped .
as if it was the last thing she expected .
that was the sort of thing people tended to notice .
it seemed the sort of thing that should put a demon in her grave .
the next thing she realized was that viper was close beside her , his large form kneeling on the carpet as he obviously fought some horrid , unseen attack .
being told that werewolves existed was one thing ; watching a woman transform into a towering beast was quite another .
good lord , the last thing she would ever want would be to be admired for hurting another .
and then the next thing i know , he 's tossing around orders and using his vampire powers on me .
` ` this is insanity , '' she breathed , shaking her head as she was forced to accept one more crazy thing in her crazy existence .
` ` what about that ... adar thing ? ''
the last thing she 'd wanted was for cezar to attack the oracle and be toasted before anna could stop him .
regan garrett knew all about the throttling thing firsthand .
` ` and the only thing i ' m interested in is the fact that duncan claims they have culligan . ''
it had been such a lovely thing .
the last thing he could have endured was a mate who depended on him for her every happiness .
the last thing he remembered , he 'd been in a remote cabin north of st . louis to meet with duncan , a cur who 'd promised information regarding his traitor of a pack leader , and the next he was waking up with levet buzzing over him like an oversized , extremely ugly butterfly .
` ` freakiest thing i ever saw . ''
that was the last thing he remembered .
a stroke of luck since the whole bonding thing managed to heal their broken spirits , but a bit unnerving since they had decided they were now her personal guards , and refused to leave the mansion without her .
fairly certain it was the mistake thing , laylah was distracted by the sight of levet lying like a frozen statue on the smoothly worn floor of the tunnel .
` ` i know a good thing when i see it . ''
the last thing laylah wanted was to remind the female vampire that she 'd left unfinished business lurking behind her .
` ` it 's an unheard of thing . ''
in fact , it looked like the only thing she was in the mood to appreciate was ripping out his throat with her pearly - white fangs .
` ` the only thing i did was stand in front of the bastard long enough to get myself killed and then mysteriously resurrected . ''
the only surprising thing would be if there were n't a hundred passageways for styx 's sun - challenged clan to travel around chicago .
that 's one thing i wo n't be , '' she informed him .
her heart did that terrible melting thing again , but she focused her energy on the remaining weave that protected the book .
the last thing he 'd expected was to be confronted by a vampire clan chief and one of the most powerful witches he 'd ever encountered .
` ` but i do know one thing . ''
that was the last thing i clearly remember ; everything else filters back hazy , like it 's been covered in a layer of gauze .
they go in twos or threes , like they ' ve got this whole thing coordinated , leaving some of them by the campfire while others have wandered down closer to the surf .
they dissolve into giggles like it 's the funniest thing ever .
if there 's one thing my brother does n't do , it 's worry , and certainly not about me .
and the funny thing is , she did n't like me at first - like , at all - but then , i do n't know .
if this alleged kidnapping did n't happen , i 'd still be in thailand - or no , i probably would ' ve gone back to europe and been over in ibiza or some shit - still partying my ass off , getting laid , that sort of thing .
that thing at the cafe ?
i actually had very little involvement in the whole thing , if you want to know the truth .
maybe every bad thing that happens is just an opportunity for a second chance , for a better way of doing things .
i could tell she thought this was the greatest thing to ever happen to her .
selene will die on stage , murdered by us , in full view of the audience , the last thing she would expect . ''
when i got up there , however , the first thing i saw was liam 's smiling face , looking back at me with those warm eyes that had looked deep into mine all morning .
the entire thing is on youtube .
it was n't like gatsby where they yelled at me for every little thing , and then ignored me the rest of the time .
i saw porsche die from the same thing , i know what it looks like .
for me , with my mother 's image haunting us everywhere we turned , death was the worst thing possible .
it was the most beautiful , peaceful thing i had ever seen , their eyes meeting and a thousand unsaid words passing between them .
but yet , i considered myself blessed , which seemed like a funny thing to do in my situation .
at first , when we met , i thought he was distant , emotionless , and there was n't a thing in the world that could make me give him a second thought .
if there was one thing i was happy to do without protest , it was that .
i gave the vampires surrounding me wary glances ; that i would stand amidst them like it was the most normal thing jolted me to attention .
the first thing i noticed was sam and kyle waking up from unconsciousness on the living room floor .
i could n't even explain why , but it seemed the most natural thing for us to be in the same room .
we make the drive back home first thing tomorrow . ''
i just thought that after all those centuries , the strange thing claudia and yuri had going on between them was over .
it was a rare thing to see her tremble and i relished every second of it .
i ' m going to locate the hunters first thing tomorrow .
the last thing i remembered was the look of horror in my sister 's eyes before someone knocked me unconscious and threw me overboard .
i wanted to explain myself to sofia , but i kept my mouth shut through the whole thing .
i feared the same thing .
sofia was forever going to be an enigma to me - i 'd long accepted that fact , but if there was one thing i could n't stand seeing , it was her tears .
` ` if you have n't noticed , sofia , death is a pretty common thing on this island . ''
besides , what do you intend to do if such a thing was happening ? ''
the last thing i could remember was the crazed and manic look on claudia 's face as i drifted off into unconsciousness .
felix leaned back on his seat , not bothering to hide how bored he was by the entire thing .
i had hoped that i would experience the same thing upon once again seeing aiden , but when the hunters attacked and our eyes met for the first time in almost a decade , all i could see was a million unanswered questions behind his eyes and pure and utter hatred .
` ` let ashley and eli know that i want them to come to my penthouse first thing tomorrow .
` ` do n't lie to me and tell me that you 're not still hoping for the same thing . ''
within minutes , the same thing happened .
it seemed too good to be true , but it was the one thing that i was hinging all my hopes on at that moment .
the first thing i noticed was the bite marks on my daughter 's neck .
i wished i knew that earlier , because it was such a regretful thing to realize how much i 'd wasted my immortality , but i guessed there was no better time to start than now .
everything happened so fast , i could barely wrap my mind around the whole thing .
chapter 12 : ian screams were a common thing within the catacombs .
i was in my bedroom at the catacombs and the last thing i remember was the sun beginning to dawn on the island .
neither of us were fans of the whole thing , but at least it had healed him .
that was why it was necessary to escape then , because if eli and i waited any longer , i would have to give birth at the blood keep and that thought alone was the most terrifying thing i could think of happening .
next thing i knew , he was vomiting all over the floor .
i thanked the heavens that i saw no such thing .
when i repeated the news to him , the first thing he did was say , ` ` arron .
next thing we knew , we were standing outside this office .
the next thing i knew , i was hanging in the air , one arm supporting ben , and the other clutched by a hawk .
her eyes were forward , concentrating on the open sea ahead , as though strapping reins on dolphins was the most normal thing in the world .
an errant vampire is quite a rare thing these days .
conversations in the bathroom are not an unusual thing for nikki and me .
stop , when i ' m f**king , means a very different thing .
this would n't be an unusual thing between us .
his almost - black eyes are lined with thick black lashes ; if his name did n't alert me to the fact he is of a middle eastern background , that would ' ve been the thing to tip me off .
and that 's the last thing i remember before i doze off , head firmly fixed on the toilet seat .
the very last thing i hear before he hangs up on my friends is dave shouting , ` ` holla ! ''
doctor hibbert does that thing where he laughs at all the wrong times at things that are n't funny , and it 's really awkward . ''
` ` it was the saddest thing i ever saw .
wrapping his belt around his hand nice and tight is the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen .
she sighs , ` ` you have n't told us anything about the drug dealing accusations being thrown around , and by you not telling us it 's preposterous , it 's a thing .
` ` one thing led to another .
it 's a finicky thing , baking a souffle , even more so when making one for everyone , but ari does this with such grace and precision ; it 's a wonder she can hear anything going on around her .
the first experience i ever had with a man felt like it was the best thing ever .
` ` first , james , then this thing with clark , and the dream i had about you , and i ' m thinking men are just trouble and i should think seriously about turning lesbian . ''
he swallowed hard before adding , ` ` and when we kissed , it was the most explosive , most intense thing i ' ve ever felt in my life- '' he reached for her cheek in the exact same way she had reached for his the night before .
taking a deep breath , serena admitted , ` ` showing up in those pictures with sean ... well , it was n't the best thing that ever happened . ''
all my life , she 's been worried that the same thing will happen to me .
not when holding the girl he loved , and feeling her heart beat against his , was the best thing he 'd ever felt in his life .
what they 'd just shared , what sean had just shown her , was so far beyond amazing that all the seven - letter word did was make it sound trite , rather than the most beautiful , wonderful , incredible thing that had ever happened to her .
she might have stood there all night , speechless and stunned , but fortunately , sean knew exactly what to do , and the next thing she knew she was lying beneath him on his bed , her arms around his neck while he traced her lips with gentle - and very arousing - fingertips .
fortunately , the next thing he knew , she was pushing him back down on the bed and levering herself over him so that the only reasonable place for him to put his hands was over her br**sts .
thankfully , he 'd already taken care of it , so that the next thing she knew he was poised between her thighs .
but the last thing she expected was for ford to do the very same thing .
` ` first thing tomorrow morning . ''
but the next thing she knew , instead of ripping her underwear all the way off and tasting more of her , he was back on his feet and lifting her into his arms .
the next thing she knew , he had her on her back on the blankets , and he was levered over her , her br**sts pressed hard to his chest , her thighs trapped between his .
okay , so it was just coffee and pie with a gorgeous man , but some of the greatest things started from something small , did n't they ?
` ` i ' m so sorry , '' she said , even though her apology could n't fix a thing .
the next thing she knew , she was in his arms and he was laying her down on the bed .
the next thing she knew , allen had popped a bottle of champagne and was pouring a glass for everyone .
the next thing she knew , she was lying back on the bed and his big , strong body was levered over hers .
especially after what happened to you with- '' his glare cut her off before she could talk about the same damn thing that everyone had been talking about for the past couple of months - the knife wound to the side of his ribs .
first thing tomorrow he 'd pick up some better locks at the hardware store .
the next thing she knew , rafe was standing on the porch with the three of them , glowering at his siblings .
mia laughed and said , ` ` the really awkward thing would be if you started giving me the dirty details . ''
with your eyes wide open so i can see your reaction to every single thing i do to you . ''
` ` i love every single thing we did together .
the next thing she knew , he was pushing her bottom toward the center of the kitchen counter , and he was climbing up onto it with her .
and then another , until the next thing i knew , everything was a little fuzzy . ''
and now , if he could n't convince her to take him back , he 'd have to come to the lake every summer , wave at her from his porch next door , and watch her fall in love with some other guy who was smart enough to know a good thing when he held it in his arms .
a fleeting thought passed through colbie 's mind that the only thing that would make the situation worse was if some hot , single guy that she could have had a soul - deep love affair with in another reality found her with her butt up in the air and snow plastered to her face .
he was doing it again , talking to her as though what they were doing was n't just a one - night thing .
it was n't , but he said , ` ` good thing cleaning it is part of my farmhand 's job description , then , is n't it ?
` ` i ' ve read so many books about this exact thing happening in england , '' she muttered , ` ` when the hero and heroine get caught in a storm and have to take shelter in an old cottage .
and yet , even though he 'd lived with her for nearly a week , and even though she 'd just come apart in his arms and it had been one of the most beautiful things he 'd ever experienced in thirty - five years , he still did n't know a damn thing about why she was on the farm .
because if he were going to turn back time , was n't there only one thing he would ever be allowed to wish for ?
` ` just because of that , i 'll go with you to the barn thing . ''
the next thing she knew , grayson was giving her a gentle shove in the direction of the dance floor and she was standing in front of the group of line dancers .
as wild as their night had been so far , at her breathless urging , grayson finally let go of the hold he 'd been keeping on his control , and the next thing she knew , he was moving them so that she was flat on her back on the bench seat and he was taking her pretty dress in his fists and ripping it in two .
grayson wanted nothing more than to hear , to feel her come apart again in his arms , but before he could take her over yet another peak with his hands and mouth , she moved so quickly , and with such remarkable strength , that the next thing he knew , he was lying on his back with lori straddling him .
the next thing she knew , he was throwing her up over his shoulder , pulling a thick blanket out of the other saddlebag , and carrying her down to the beach .
lori had wanted to call him all day , but it had been one thing after another .
* * * grayson had never been happier about all the things that could go wrong on a farm .
i was n't searching for happiness , just for an escape , but the amazing thing is that i found it after all .
the last thing she expected was for the man to push in through the door a moment later .
smart enough to know a good thing when you see it and to do whatever it takes to make sure you do n't let it go . ''
which was why , even though she 'd barely come down from her first orgasm , when he slid one hand down over her br**sts , then down to the vee between her legs , it was the most natural thing in the world to open her legs for him , and to lift herself into the wonderfully deep strokes of his fingers inside her .
a weakness only rivaled by her need for a straight shot of sugar first thing in the morning ... and her growing , borderline desperate weakness for the man beside her .
the next thing she knew , the door was locked again , the blinds were down , and they were making love against the counter , her hands pressed flat on the formica as she pushed her hips back into his to try to take him deeper , while he gave her everything , absolutely everything she could n't help but want .
smith said something that had her sister laughing and then , the next thing she knew , the cameras were running and tatiana was in his arms , his mouth coming down over hers .
` ` the thing is , sometimes i do n't feel like myself around him . ''
the first thing that hit valentina was how perfect jayden was for her sister .
the next thing he knew , she was pushing him down onto the couch .
he could n't stand to see his baby sister in pain , even if giving birth was supposed to be the most natural thing in the world .
the next thing lori knew , her hands were full of soft , sweet baby .
ryan made everything seem so easy , though , as if the only thing that would n't make sense was their not hanging out .
ryan had left her graduation without ever letting her know he 'd come and the next thing he knew there was a breathless voice mail from her saying that she 'd eloped and was moving to france .
` ` the thing is , before he left , he really did have some brilliant suggestions for me . ''
it was the most natural thing in the world to wrap his arms around her from behind .
ryan did n't take his eyes off vicki as he said , ` ` she moved away and the next thing i knew , she was marrying some other guy . ''
it was the most natural thing in the world to put his arms around her and pull her right where he wanted her .
he 'd thought he wanted her hands lower , but the way she traced each line of muscle and sinew over his shoulders , then up onto his neck , was hands - down the sexiest thing any woman had ever done to him .
but even as he felt that loss , he knew there was only one thing that could be worse than losing the lover who had made him forget any other .
full to bursting with a joy she had n't ever let herself believe could be real , the next thing she knew , ryan was kissing her again and letting her hands go to press his now clay - covered palms over her br**sts .
because if there was one thing zach knew how to do better than any guy on earth , it was convincing women to give him a go .
and when heather 's fingers accidentally slid against his , it was the most natural thing in the world to fit his against hers so that he could lift her hand to his lips and press a kiss to her palm .
the next thing she knew , he was back on his feet and lifting her in his arms .
the next thing she knew he was sitting up , his arms moving around her waist as he adjusted her so that she was sitting on his lap , her legs now crossed behind his hips .
the last thing she expected to see was a massage table set up in the middle of the expensive - looking carpet .
and loved even more that it seemed the most obvious thing in the world to drop slowly to her knees in front of him .
` ` i thought sex with you was the best thing i 'd ever felt , but this might actually be better . ''
the only thing he ever did wrong was die too early . ''
she looked like she could hardly believe what he was saying , but then shock turned to movement and the next thing he knew she was flying into his arms .
if he 'd been charmed by the purity of her emotions during the wedding ceremony , her reaction to her siblings ' speeches had to be the sweetest thing he 'd ever witnessed .
the last thing he expected was for her to throw the same words back at him that he 'd said before he grabbed her and kissed her .
the last thing she expected was to see jake in his office handing a tissue to a young woman with pink and blue hair .
but she had n't expected him to head to ghirardelli square to buy two tickets for the most touristy thing in all of san francisco ... or to hold her hand the entire time .
` ` did you know my father was a drunk and the thing he liked best when he was drunk was to beat me black and blue ?
* * * at long last , sophie 's mother and brother left , with a promise to be back first thing in the morning with all of her favorite treats .
the last thing he heard was the motion alarm on his belt going off .
they stared at each other , the air between them doing that thing with the sparks and the electricity .
and yet , even though it was another thing she should n't want , that sensual woman deep inside made her say , ` ` -to make me come so hard . ''
the sound of his brother 's skull hitting the ice was the best thing he 'd experienced in days .
hopefully , she 'd have a hell of a time taking a shower without remembering every little thing that had happened in the nearby bathtub just hours before .
the next thing she knew , she was laid out flat and marcus was over her , his large body pressing hers into the cushions .
she looked at chase and seemed to make up her mind about something before saying , ` ` with you being a photographer and running with all those fast crowds , i should have figured you were into this sort of thing . ''
and then he was kissing her , both of their naked bodies pressed against each other and just that skin - to - skin contact , the feel of him , hot and hard , the hair on his legs scratching against her , the muscles of his stomach and chest and arms pressing into her , were the most erotic thing she 'd ever experienced .
rubbed her belly , thinking maybe her father 's thing with stress and antacids might be hereditary .
` ` well , we know one thing .
they also knew the standards were the only predictable thing in an event .
he 'd assumed losing his horse and his career was the worst thing life could throw at him .
it was enough to make her want to kill them both - and with that stupid little girl , that would be an ` ` again '' thing as she 'd already sliced the kid 's throat open over that tub- devina began to smile .
or was dying really just a lights - out kind of thing , like a car being turned off or a vacuum getting unplugged ?
christ , the only thing worse than her going against him was her rescuing him .
it had been a long night , what with writing up her piece on the murder and sending it into editorial so it could be copyedited and put up online first thing .
everything had gone down fast after that , and that had been the only thing that he had n't banked on : he 'd been immediately sent to the school nurse , and then the police had come , and paperwork had been filled out , and off he went into the system .
the thing was , the only goal he 'd really wanted was this part here , this endgame with his father on the floor - and he 'd had to run away and hot - wire a car to make sure he got home before the police took his father to jail when the man came in from the cornfields .
` ` it was just a freak - accident / close - call kind of thing .
one gut shot put a stop to the whole thing .
as dense shadows swallowed them both , devina was n't worried about the maker getting pissy about this kind of thing .
` ` okay , here 's the thing .
next thing i knew i was hit - annoying , really . ''
given his scowl , he obviously still had his panties in a wad , so an apology was the last thing she expected .
jim pivoted around , and the first thing he noticed was what she was wearing : his enemy had jacked her spectacular fake body into a blue dress he 'd seen before .
it 's ten o'clock now and i need to get some sleep - but first thing tomorrow morning , i ' ve got to disclose this and your ... '' at that moment , the shower cut off in the bathroom .
and here 's the bizarre thing .
she 'd been obsessed with replaying the whole thing over and over , from the impact outside the cemetery to matthias taking that bullet in front of the garage .
here they were folk - art galleries , organic spice sellers , hemp clothiers , that kind of thing .
he could n't remember the last time or thing he 'd eaten , and when ad had made a food run to hannaford earlier in the day , the guy had had the brains to pick up some eggland 's best .
the other thing she noticed ?
did n't sit down - then again , getting him back up from the floor would be a thing .
damn it , that whole thing still stung , cait thought .
the next thing she remembered was going out the front door and getting in the car ... and thinking that as usual , it smelled like wrigley 's juicy fruit gum and coffee - which might have been nasty , but was actually wonderful .
her prevailing sense had been that none of it related to her life - and the same thing was happening now .
as his eyes opened , the first thing he did was look for sissy , but she was gone as if she had never been .
it 's a permanent thing and you ca n't go back . ''
` ` it 's nothing - i just , you know , i had ... a strange thing happen to me last night . ''
it was the last thing she expected .
the last thing i ever considered was that somebody else would get in the way .
the only thing that could have been worse ?
that was the first thing jim noticed as he arrived in heaven .
even colin had felt it , and that had been the only thing that could have made the archangel stop - well , short of jim bleeding out entirely .
abruptly , a striking fear rang through her , the kind of thing she had never felt before .
` ` is this a regular thing ? ''
first thing this morning , he 'd gotten the call to come down to the caldwell police department , and of course he 'd complied .
` ` it was n't a regular thing , detective .
` ` like i told you , we did n't have a regular thing going .
and then he did the strangest thing .
bizarre thing to ask about , considering what she was going through , but maybe she needed the distraction ?
see , our roles got reversed after the nicole thing .
and with the way things were right now , that was the best he could hope for ... the only thing he could expect to go his way .
it was a hard thing to watch , him stretching out .
it was a sick thing to dwell on , but safer and more gentlemanly than what he felt for sissy .
he could n't remember the last time he 'd done this for a woman ... and then realized that , like the ily thing , it was a first .
the sad thing ?
his lips found hers and it was the most natural thing in the world to split her legs so he could find his place between her thighs .
jim gritted his teeth and struggled so hard his bones hurt - and the only thing that happened was that the kleenex in the ashtray moved ever so slightly .
i ca n't tell you how many times i ' ve replayed that whole thing .
he leaned in and put a kiss on her mouth - and it seemed like the most natural thing : the soft brush , the giving and receiving , the warm thrill that came with the contact .
the only thing that could have made it better ... was if they 'd been in paris .
now , an electrical shock went through ad 's nervous system , the kind of thing that he imagined happened when humans saw what they thought were ghosts , or maybe when you were driving down the highway and an suv swerved into your lane .
it 's the only thing that 's fair . ''
the impact was soul - shattering , the kind of thing that made her lose breath , sight , heartbeat ... as well as the illusion of beauty that required her conscious support .
and then the most miraculous thing happened .
could n't even put into mental words how he felt about the one thing he 'd never worried about coming to pass - right in front of his own eyes .
was this back - flat on the asphalt thing a memory of his past or something that was actually happening ?
three - ` ` the hummer had already had a bad night , and this right - the - wrong thing made it groan so loudly that an owl was flushed across the road and a pair of deer took flight on bounding hooves through the trees .
weird goddamn thing to come into his brain .
as he waited for the reply , his heart pounded within his rib cage , because he , and he alone , seemed to realize that the assignment from the king was n't the only thing that was ending tonight .
` ` oh , shit ... fucking ... goddamn ... fuck ... '' walking as fast as he could , he tried to get that image out of his head , reminding himself that he had a lover , that he 'd moved on from all this , that you could self - destruct over the same thing only so many times and then you were done .
the sweet , stabbing sensation repeated over and over until he wondered if it was ever going to end - even though he did n't help things along .
the hangar was the site of a massive induction , the scale of which made that thing out at that farmhouse a while back look like nothing more than a play date .
` ` i think he 's going over - ` ` annnnnnd that was the last thing he heard for a while .
i swear on my ... '' well , he did n't have a mother , a father , a brother , a sister ... or a young - although hopefully , that last one was a ` ` yet '' kind of thing .
this was not the kind of thing he wanted to explain to anyone : outside of qhuinn 's room , hard - on obvious , body shaking like he had his own personal earthquake going on .
it was the consummate lover 's kiss , the kind of thing he had wanted even more than the hot sex they 'd just had - panic struck in the center of his chest and resonated outward through him in the blink of an eye .
the thing was , at the end , he 'd wanted blay to know that , had been searching for words and relying on touch to pave the way to the confession .
it was so pathetic , but the last thing he wanted was to wash blay 's scent off his skin , but he was being driven mad from it .
as qhuinn turned his face to the spray and opened his mouth , he found himself praying saxton wandered off the range again - even though that was a shitty thing to hope for .
if there was one thing he could not abide , it was being sucked into the vortex of other people 's arguments .
the only thing she saw was qhuinn 's mismatched eyes .
` ` i ' m feeling exactly that way , too , and the only thing i can do anything about is the need for food . ''
as the vestibule doors were opened by fritz , like the butler had been waiting for their arrival , qhuinn regretted the whole thing : the dream that he 'd briefly entertained during her needing .
qhuinn rubbed his eyes and then started walking , his body seeking out the very thing he had been praying for .
it was what had started the whole thing .
then again , her exit from the house had been rather dramatic , the sort of thing that would be cause for concerned questioning .
the kind of thing that , unless you knew a person really , really well , you would n't notice .
` ` but here 's the odd thing .
ordinarily , walking down together would have been marginally awkward , the kind of thing that they would have made small talk during .
he shed his black cashmere sweater on the way down to his bedroom , and was unbuttoning his silk shirt as he walked into - as he froze , the one and only thing that shot through his head was that scene from the movie trading places - when eddie murphy walks into his room at the fancy digs and a half - naked chick sits up in his bed and goes , ` ` hey , billy ray . ''
after a moment , john signed , the strangest thing happened the other night .
` ` you 're going to want to hang on to those pegs again , son ... . '' annnnnnnnd that was the last thing he heard for a while .
not some weird - ass sleet thing , either .
qhuinn got ready for a transformative experience - like something along the lines of a great ringing bell of ` ` you belong '' getting struck in his chest , or maybe a light - headed joy thing ... or shit , a big - ass load of ` ` you th ' man '' singing in his brain .
my grandmother just said the man had dark hair and deep - set eyes ... . '' she frowned , noticing that his irises were as always that moonlight color - the kind of thing that just did n't seem possible in nature .
all those years growing up , from my first memory ... to the last thing i saw that night when ... '' he coughed a little , like his chest hurt , or maybe his heart rhythm went wonky .
the only thing he saw was a door about fifteen feet away , and he dropped to the ground and rolled to it , outing his own gun in the process .
undoubtedly there was a service for that kind of thing , and one would n't want that sort of dirty , smelly equipment around one 's automotive babies .
she did n't remember leaving the room or closing the door , but she must have : she ended up out in the hall , standing halfway between the locked vault that led into the first family 's private quarters and the stairwell that would take her back down to the second floor ... next thing she knew , she was up in the sanctuary .
as he waited while the coffeemaker burbled and hissed to the end of its cycle , the last thing he expected was for s'ex to come over and sit down on a stool - normally the enforcer would have cased the place .
and the first thing john did was grab xhex 's tight body and haul her in close , the world obviously disappearing for them both .
the first thing he ran into was the pool table butch was chilling next to - and there was barely any time for the cop to get that ashtray up off the side rails : wrath grabbed the gunnels and flipped the thing like it was nothing but a card table , the mahogany and slate - topped behemoth flying up so high , it wiped out the hanging light fixture above , its weight so great it splintered the marble floor beneath on landing .
the last time he 'd seen them had been ... well , there was another thing he could n't remember .
it was probably the only thing that really punched past all the fear : for him , waking up without beth had been the worst kind of revelation - and if that was the way she felt without a baby , then it was going to be a cold - bed overtime for the both of them .
the last thing she had heard clearly was him calling her name .
the only thing that came of it was a single tear that gathered itself at the corner of her eye , plumping up until it lost hold of her lash and slipped down her cold cheek .
the only thing worse than not going back would be to be cheated of an eternity with those whom she loved ...
the only thing worse than wrath losing the throne ... was him finding out he was going to be a father right afterward .
there were shutters coming across the windows , the subtle movement the kind of thing you 'd miss ... unless you were looking in at the very second it happened .
the foreman 's eyes bugged like that was the last thing he 'd expected .
he 's got the heart of a lion- '' at this , beth collapsed in a fit of sobs , the kind of thing that was a release of emotion more than anything else .
` ` this bump thing you got going on . ''
another thing that had n't been part of the plan .
mom once told me that people like her were miserable inside , and making others even more miserable was the only thing that made them feel better .
` ` i know that 's a stupid thing to ask .
i wondered why he thought that particular thing was noteworthy or why he shifted in his chair .
it was the best thing i 'd seen since ... well , it was the best thing i 'd seen ever .
it was the best thing i 'd seen since ... well , it was the best thing i 'd seen ever .
this is just one more thing we 'll get through together . ''
` ` is there an underground fight thing tonight ? ''
trenton nodded , glanced behind me , and then , as if it were the most natural thing in the world , leaned over to kiss my cheek , and then turned to walk away .
` ` he waved at me like it was the most normal thing in the world .
` ` deal , '' trenton said with a smile , as if it were the easiest thing in the world .
it was the best thing that ever happened to me .
` ` good thing i ' m here then .
at least one good thing came out of it .
my first snowfall in tennessee - the only thing that could be more amazing than the first snow in ohio .
she 'd watched kitty 's expression during the whole thing and there was no doubt that the woman was behind all of this .
it was the last thing he would have expected when they 'd met in the brig of the athena as viktis tried to steal his ship .
the explosion thundered through the space , the sound an almost - visible thing .
the last thing she 'd expected was for finn to thank her , even if he was obviously uncomfortable doing it .
she was pretty sure the same thing had happened since he 'd gotten his own command , too .
being hurt like this was unacceptable , especially since she 'd spent so long guarding her heart against this very thing .
samil 's wicked face was the last thing she saw before the darkness consumed her .
it 's the same thing every time .
next thing i know , i ' m attacked .
the traffic lights change and he looks to the road before adding , ` ` same thing happened to me .
and it 's the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
and that 's the last thing i hear before everything fades to black .
next thing you know , he 'll have his own toothbrush here !
it 's the sweetest thing i have ever seen .
i did n't plan this thing with max ; it just happened . ''
regardless , i was soaked , and even though i wanted him inside me , i would settle for watching max lose control , because watching max lose control was becoming my most favorite thing to witness .
you 're the best thing that 's happened to her . ''
the last thing she remembered was trying to plow her ancient truck through the snow - covered roads to get to daric carvillius 's place .
they were the only words hannah could choke out as her hips rose to meet the forceful thrusts of his cock , their carnal mating the only thing that would satisfy her lust , her desire for her mate 's big , powerful body to take her over the edge .
liam heard her suck in a breath before continuing , ` ` but liam- '' ` ` i could n't even watch the whole thing , '' he admitted harshly as his finger stroked over the brand covering his mark .
the one thing neither of us knew was that that would be the last time we 'd ever see each other .
i thought of a quick excuse to account for the reason that i was standing in her bedroom , first thing in the morning .
` ` i do n't think that 's the sort of thing you discuss in parenting class . ''
` ` slept with , spent a few weeks with , that sort of thing . ''
` ` why do you look like i ' m the worst thing that 's ever happened to you then ? ''
only thing was , i woke up earlier than him . ''
i was hungry all right , but i did n't think she was talking about the same thing i was .
` ` the thing is ... she 's in paris , '' i blurted out .
` ` well , when you watch it , i want you to be see the whole thing . ''
the only thing that i noticed was that there were n't a lot of photographs at all , and for some reason that surprised me .
in fact , it 's quite possibly the best thing that can happen in your life .
but anyways , zane and i used to do everything together : party , meet girls , that sort of thing .
` ` next thing you 'll be saying is that ' zack and miri make a porno ' should have won an oscar . ''
` ` i ca n't miss the whole thing .
for all i knew , she had cameras taping the whole thing .
what jockeys are excited , that sort of thing . ''
` ` i do n't know about this , jared , gambling 's not a good thing to get into . ''
` ` that 's not going to be the only thing he 's flipping out about . ''
` ` good thing i remembered . ''
but she said she used to think that the best thing that happened in her life was your dad stealing your mom away . ''
i closed my eyes , and we must have fallen asleep because the next thing i knew we were lying flat on the ground and i could hear his heartbeat against my ears .
the only thing was that , after twenty - three years of living with him , i knew the truth .
next thing she 'll be telling me to listen to the whispers of a butterfly .
the next thing i know you 're in my bed , telling me you love me too .
` ` and i realized that the best thing that happened to me was being adopted by my parents .
but the best thing that happened to me was not having the mayor as a father . ''
is this a recent thing ?
` ` you must have known this kind of thing was going to happen . ''
and the next thing i knew , augusta 's glowing poker cut through lila 's stomach until it was sticking out her back .
but the only thing i understood was augusta 's bulletriddled body lying in a pool of blood that slowly expanded , staining the white carpet crimson .
the doctors confirmed it : daxton did n't remember a thing that had happened in the past six weeks .
looking up , the first thing i saw was ava unzipping her skirt , her top already discarded .
the second thing happened when ava hit the river .
instead of watching her swim away , i heard a sickening crack as she hit her head on a rock , and the next thing i knew , ava floated limply as she was carried away by the current .
i dove into the river and hit my head , and the next thing i know i ' m on the ground with a throbbing headache . ''
` ` i am sorry , '' he said , and it was the last thing i heard before the darkness closed in around me .
her shoulders shook and her breath came in gasps as she started to cry properly , and i rubbed her back as soothingly as i could , wishing i were better with this sort of thing .
better she assumed that sort of thing happened after the wedding , if it happened at all .
` ` death is a stupid thing to fear . ''
` ` why can i see things that are happening in other places ? ''
the two of them were wrapped together as if it were the most natural thing in the world , and i en - vied them .
she 'd watched henry go through the same thing with his wife , and she must ' ve seen a kindred spirit .
more than anyone down here , she would know how to manipulate her afterlife to see that sort of thing .
one thing turned into another ... '' he trailed off , and he did n't need to f inish .
if you go in there , the best thing that could happen is calliope killing you quickly . ''
the only thing you 'll be good for in there is dying- '' she stopped , and her eyes widened a fraction of an inch .
on second thought , it 'd be much more entertaining if we kept you alive to watch the whole thing , would n't it ?
the next thing i knew , the stabs were gone , and cool air engulfed me .
the thing that changed everything .
` ` it 's such a ridiculous thing to remember , but i do .
` ` if i could hand myself over and stop this entire thing , i would , but i ca n't , because calliope wants them all dead now .
his was just beginning , and i was n't about to let him go through the same thing i 'd endured .
i ca n't afford to have the same thing happen to you . ''
` ` and the funny thing is that now i wish that i had taken a shot at him .
she had the feeling that a compliment from john was a rare thing indeed .
` ` funny thing , but vanessa did n't go to st . george , like you told me . ''
emma scrambled into the back after her son , and the next thing she knew , they were careering onto the highway .
` ` i want to make love in the jacuzzi , '' she said , and the next thing she knew , their swimsuits were gone , the hot water was rising and falling around them , and all she could think about , all she could feel , was preston .
it 's a funny thing , though , vince .
not when you and your mother had stood by ellis through the whole thing . ''
madison would need to be extra cautious ... . good thing she 'd decided to wait until caleb 's lights were off before she left .
only surprising thing was that the coroner could n't find any rohypnol in her blood . ''
` ` that whole thing could n't have been easy on you , '' he said .
she 'd loved him and stuck by him through the whole thing .
the whole thing was unfortunate - and only one person was to blame .
that was the real story , and it was exactly the type of thing ken had been afraid of .
` ` can you pick me up at my place first thing in the morning ?
they had to take her to the christmas tree first thing to point out all the brightly wrapped packages that waited there for them .
that 's what kicked off the whole thing , and that 's what we 're missing here .
` ` if caring about me is the worst thing that happens while you 're here , i 'll feel you got off easy , '' she said .
slipping her phone into her purse so the same thing could n't happen again , she finished the dishes , thanked him for dinner and walked him to his truck with the excuse that she 'd brought home a lot of work tonight .
and that was the last thing pretty boy heard before he pulled the trigger .
this was exactly the type of thing peyton had feared .
he said the c.o.s who were there when it happened , especially one named greg mortenson , felt there might ' ve been some deal between hutchinson and the hf that 'd facilitated the whole thing .
she 'd spent an hour first thing with the warden and investigator rosenburg going over every detail of the dining hall incident , what john hutchinson might know about judge garcia and how they were going to get virgil out of crescent city .
next thing i knew ... here i was .
other than the births of her children , winning that contest was the best thing that had ever happened to her .
i just want to be cautious while my investigators figure out how and why it happened and make sure the same thing does n't happen to anyone else . ''
that type of thing does n't happen here . ''
delbert wondered how such a thing could happen in pineview and wanted to know what was going on with the investigation .
that sort of thing happened often enough , and yet myles could n't bring himself to believe it .
to be honest , i was n't expecting to catch a thing . ''
it also warned him that losing amber rose might not be the only painful thing he 'd ever experience .
had n't she been hoping for the same thing ?
it was n't the kind of thing that happened in pineview .
she wandered into the living room , where she sat on the couch , and the next thing she knew myles was carrying her up the stairs .
then the most terrible thing in the world happened - tears filled her eyes .
he got the impression she was making fun of herself and lila , as if book group was the most exciting thing they ever did .
suddenly she could n't think of a single thing it would hurt .
he did n't want to go through the same thing again .
he wondered if there really was such a thing as zombies , and if they ate people like they did on tv .
` ` i 'll call myles first thing in the morning .
it 's the saddest thing .
he visited weaver first thing this morning .
` ` then i will come first thing in the morning , '' dr . jacobsen replied .
` ` good thing ole ' jack 's gone , '' greenley said , his words more effective despite the softness with which they were spoken .
after jack died , he stopped in every now and then to help chop wood and that sort of thing . ''
rachel had no love for the housekeeper , but losing a son was a terrible thing .
if i ' ve ever seen the two of you fight , that sort of thing . ''
even if she knew , even if she masterminded the whole thing , she has to proclaim her innocence .
that would be the worst thing that could happen , for her and alexa .
` ` there was one good thing that happened today . ''
the next thing i knew , i was on the ground with blood pouring from my mouth .
` ` there 's a little thing called christmas coming up . ''
he took her hand once they reached the mall , and it felt like the most natural thing in the world .
` ` it 's just a freak thing that happened .
the next thing she knew , olivia lucero and eve harmon were at her side .
that kind of thing does n't happen in whiskey creek . ''
` ` i ' m fine , '' addy argued , but gran insisted and the next thing she knew she was walking to the stands with eve .
` ` noah does n't like this sort of thing , does n't like talking about cody , '' he confided to eve .
the crazy thing was that derek had n't seemed like a bad kid when he was a teenager .
` ` does this type of thing happen often ? ''
this was the last thing she 'd expected when she 'd decided to come home .
ever since she 'd returned to whiskey creek , one thing after another had shoved her back into that damn mine - literally and figuratively - until the rape and cody 's death felt as if they 'd happened yesterday .
` ` they make sure soldiers stay up on that sort of thing , do n't they ? ''
but she was the best thing to happen to him since afghanistan .
earlier , after levi had hammered some boards over the broken window , she 'd put on an old flannel nightgown , crawled into bed , and that was the last thing she remembered .
* * * the first thing callie saw when she arrived home was a worn leather jacket tossed over levi 's bike , which was parked out front instead of in the back , as usual .
she 'd been struggling to cope with her own mortality , no easy thing at thirty - two .
she found it a bittersweet thing to realize that her life had been spared while someone else 's had been lost .
but if anita had n't gotten sick fifteen years ago , they might never have settled down , and coming to whiskey creek was the best thing that had ever happened to cheyenne .
it was the most sensational thing to ever happen in whiskey creek - except for the cave - in at the old mine , which had killed noah rackham 's twin brother right about the same time .
an expensive artificial tree would be , technically , even more perfect - no branch out of place and that sort of thing .
she 'd kept thinking , ` ` i 'll go in a minute , '' but the next thing she knew , it was morning .
that brought up a subject cheyenne did n't want to broach - the fact that they rarely did this sort of thing , that they lived in separate worlds , except when they were at home .
the same thing had occurred the last hundred times she 'd called .
the last thing he remembered was getting a text from bella - a short video of her having sex with some guy and a note that said , ty 's new daddy .
then , slowly but surely , his breathing evened out and hers must have , too , because the next thing she knew it was morning .
` ` just know that she 's the best thing to happen to you in a long time .
that sort of thing happens all the time .
` ` it was the creepiest thing i ' ve ever been through , seeing her face staring in at me through the window . ''
the only thing better would to be to feel her bare skin under his hands one more time .
she wanted to be there to support brandon through the whole thing .
` ` no , but ... sometimes this type of thing goes unreported . ''
he flies fishermen to remote lakes and streams , that sort of thing . ''
this kind of thing always happened to someone else .
the last thing she remembered was a man saying , ` ` someone 's been here recently , but everything looks fine .
where he was born , that sort of thing . ''
` ` after the thing with beth ann , i 'd like to do one on what causes a woman to make false claims against the man she loves . ''
he responded by putting his arm around her , as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
the next thing she knew , kennedy jumped up , hauled her to her feet and pushed her into the trees behind him .
` ` first thing in the morning . ''
` ` i ' m asking what terrible thing you think might happen . ''
that 's the best thing to happen to our family in years . ''
after so many years of fearing this moment , grace could hardly believe she was now facing the very thing she 'd dreaded for so long .
that kind of thing stops for no one . ''
she must have dozed off as they drove because the next thing she knew , sebastian was gently shaking her shoulder .
sebastian felt like the best thing ever to have happened to her .
` ` she accused me of using her , that sort of thing . ''
this type of thing does n't happen in fairfield very often , does it ? ''
the next thing i knew , the cops were at my door . ''
the last thing she remembered was falling to the floor -- and seeing her mother 's ring roll across the carpet .
` ` it 's been one thing after another today .
the next thing she knew he plunged the knife into her chest .
and because he 's a similar age , and this type of thing is so unusual here in sac , i called skye 's husband . ''
but then the strangest thing happened .
he just lay down beside her , and the next thing she knew , her head was on his shoulder , and her hand was on his chest where she could feel the steady rhythm of his heart .
chapter 34 the only thing wrong with his plan was that he did n't have the time to implement it properly , colin thought .
` ` this thing all but disappears in spring , '' glen said .
the last thing i remember is packing my suitcase to come to whiterock . ''
it was one thing that owen had n't made his presence known before any clothes came off , but it was even worse to embarrass sheridan by telling her twelve years later .
` ` i guess there was one odd thing .
and the next thing he knew , the clothes were gone .
sad that someone could end her life as if it was nothing , and afraid the same thing would happen to sheridan if he did n't do something to stop it .
he must ' ve dropped his gun in the scuffle because the next thing she knew he was wrestling with her .
` ` does this kind of thing occur often with you ? ''
not another innocent person ... ' that sort of thing .
she folded back the blanket to show him , but the first thing he noticed was that she was wearing his clothes .
her boxers were already on their way to her ankles , and from then on he made sure the only thing she uttered was a moan .
and now burke was getting out , and the whole thing seemed to be starting over .
` ` i sold fifty tickets to this thing .
but if she did n't take a chance on what she was feeling , she might miss the one really great thing to happen to her in a long time .
the last thing she saw was the surprise on oliver 's face when he realized she 'd tricked him .
` ` as far as i ' m concerned , the two of you can plan the whole thing .
isaac needed to investigate a little more , figure out when and how this whole thing had started .
` ` but if the police wo n't do anything to stop this sort of thing , what 's to keep other men from committing the same crime ? ''
mica was the product of keith 's betrayal , a symbol of the most difficult thing reenie had ever had to face .
he could feel her gaze , could remember every intimate thing they 'd ever said or done together .
crazy thing was , reg was so busy , he did n't even seem to notice that he was missing anything .
` ` a family , '' one of the girls echoed , sighing , as though what she 'd just witnessed was the most romantic thing in the world .
the last thing gabe ever thought he 'd become was a freak show .
especially me , since i caused the whole thing .
she was the one who 'd set up this whole thing .
ashleigh , jessica and michelle had watched the whole thing with their mouths hanging open .
how many times had she laid awake at night , hoping to see that very thing ?
the window thing ... and dinner .
she was n't sure if she 'd changed targets or he 'd moved , but the next thing she knew , she was kissing him as though she 'd rather die than stop .
lazarus just knows a good thing when he sees it . ''
he does n't want the same thing to happen to you . ''
the only thing anyone seems to care about is the fact that we slept together last weekend . ''
` ` nori stein could ' ve put up a cactus for all the attention they pay to that sort of thing . ''
` ` bumps and bruises , that sort of thing ? ''
in the extra hours he 'd spent at the shop , he 'd worked on katie 's car , which he 'd towed into town first thing this morning , and finished repairing a mustang and a nissan truck .
` ` the only thing is- '' ` ` we ' ve been through this before , tami .
it was n't a pleasant thing for delia to- '' the door banged open as her father strode in from the garage , briefcase in hand , and whatever her mother was about to say was immediately lost in the human power surge .
` ` so this truce thing is for real . ''
` ` that wedding was the most exciting thing this town has seen in the past three years .
he was booker robinson , and to him a bad reputation was a mighty fine thing to have .
` ` we were only twelve , just out of grade school , and pretty surprised by the whole thing . ''
the scary thing is , she 's usually right about stuff like that . ''
` ` there is one interesting thing , '' she said , ignoring the sarcasm .
he simply carried her toward the exit as though this sort of thing happened every day .
` ` but i 'll admit one thing . ''
closing his eyes , he forced all thought of the ranch , his grandfather , his mother , his uncles , his past - everything - from his mind and rejoiced in the only positive thing that had happened to him since he 'd arrived in idaho .
` ` it ... it was just a one - night thing , a mistake , '' delaney said .
she set the high school on fire trying to burn the mascot symbol into the football field , and dyed mrs . reese 's hair blue the night before she was supposed to chair a meeting for the daughters of the american revolution , and- '' ` ` the hair thing was n't an accident ? ''
` ` and we 'd be giving him the chance to be part of the biggest thing ever to hit dundee .
that 's the crazy thing .
but that type of thing did n't happen very often and certainly not to the same private investigator .
you do n't seem to be listening - i told you this last night - but i witnessed the whole thing .
` ` i have n't heard a thing , and have no idea who 's killing these people .
` ` i just wanted to tell you that he was openly belligerent , threatened me , that sort of thing . ''
but the only thing she 'd find was the newspaper clipping of herself on the back of his bedroom door .
someone cut up rod 's clothes , wrote obscenities on the wall , broke his computer , that sort of thing . ''
but this kind of thing was never over .
she 'd thought he wanted the same thing .
` ` first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` that might be just the thing , '' he said , refusing to take the bait .
that 's mine , '' she cried , and the next thing he knew they were wrestling for it on the living room floor .
jesus freak , remember jonestown - that sort of thing . ''
it would n't be an easy thing to see .
mags was going to miss the whole thing .
the whole white christmas thing . ''
what a thing it would be , to dress this lady .
` ` well , a funny thing happened that night after you left .
because the thing to understand about elves is that they are n't usually into presents .
another thing elves hate - to be criticized .
leaving me to wonder if i imagined the whole thing .
he lifted her up , and her legs locked around his waist , and it felt like the most natural thing in the world .
* * * i figured the new year 's party would n't turn into a real thing , but i was wrong .
` ` oh , i thought ... '' sophie began as her brain fully digested yet another thing that should ' ve been obvious .
they tasted of apples and cheese , of the revelation of things you never imagined going so well together .
i was babbling , but the last thing i wanted to do was put on a robe and a fake beard and pretend to be the father of jesus .
gracie told me the donkey thing was n't in the bible anyway .
ethan pushed the clutch and shifted gears , and i thought that it was maybe the single sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
chapter three ` ` and the whole thing is a blur !
the crowd jostles and smashes buttons and someone 's dad forces the gate shut , but that 's when an odd thing happens .
` ` first thing after school . ''
neither of us speaks of the thing that we fear is about to happen .
before i know it , the whole thing is over , and josh is pulling me away .
` ` the whole thing reminded me of televised josh .
the egyptian thing is a coincidence , i know this , but i ca n't stop .
it was ... the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
a strange thing is happening .
it 's the only thing that could shock me more than josh 's call .
the last thing i could remember was drinking a glass of wine in a cute little bar on the upper west side while i waited for rosie to get off work .
the next thing i knew i was waking up in the back of a car . ''
he gave me a look as if it were the most natural thing in the world for him to tell me to get naked .
he had set the whole thing up !
but now that i knew i could n't have him , there was one thing i did want .
and being here with him was n't the worst thing i 'd ever experienced .
slowly , as if it were the most casual thing in the world , i set my hand over his .
that it was only a onetime thing ?
he shrugged and took my arm as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
` ` the only thing that 's going to make them figure it out is if i act like i ' m perfectly happy out there , pretending like i care about any of this , '' i said , my fake nails digging into my palms .
knox did know one thing , though : the secret that i had given up at the funeral , when i had brushed my fingertips against the vii on the back of daxton 's neck and felt the v underneath .
but the party was n't the only thing happening tonight , and i would n't have missed another blackcoat meeting for anything .
the only thing they had n't counted on was daxton having someone else masked to take lila 's place - me .
` ` but if you want to get back at this bastard knox for what he did to you , then would n't your best bet be to make sure the very thing he does n't want to happen does ? ''
but the strangest thing of all was the boy who sat on a plastic stool in the center of the room , dressed in the same suit we wore .
i forgot about knox and scotia and the mercers and every terrible thing that had happened over the past few days .
` ` the encounter was no doubt powerful and unexpected , as it is no small thing to experience a soul in all its richness . ''
is it possible that duval had sent them on ahead to arrange such a thing ?
it is no small thing to be dedicated to a saint you can not serve .
i can not help but admire her fortitude - it is not an easy thing to renounce a man in front of his peers .
we will meet first thing in the morning and take a vote . ''
it is no comfortable thing , having your heart in thrall to a man , especially one such as duval . ''
` ` oh , and one other thing , '' i say , as if just remembering .
that is the only thing that saves us with such uneven numbers : that half of them have dismounted and are taking their leisure .
beast repeats the words casually , as if coming back for her were the most natural thing in the world .
` ` i have never even heard of such a thing . ''
chapter thirty - five the next thing i know , all the devils of hell are hammering at my jaw , just under my chin , but i do not care nearly as much as i might , for i feel safe .
the six soldiers will be buried first thing in the morning , and now lie , carefully covered , sheltered by the trees .
besides , even if i were terrified , i would not give d'albret the one thing he wants - me cowering at his feet .
we are to report to the archery field first thing , before the wind picks up .
i had always known it was a terrible thing to break an oath , and i can not help but wonder if i have broken some similar oath - albeit unknowingly - in leaving the convent .
however , i must do so at last because the next thing i know , i come awake .
this is the only thing sister beatriz did a fair job of preparing us for - the finery these nobles wear , for their garments are as brightly decorated and elaborate as she told us they would be .
` ` it was not mine , for i have not yet seen a thing .
some small , tentative thing passes between us .
that small , tentative thing pulses inside me .
` ` eating is the only thing that breaks the monotony , '' scotty said .
i think it 's the funniest thing in the magazine . ''
i have n't been sleeping , and neal , oh my god , i just imagined the strangest thing .
if the universe thought georgie was going to erase her kids from the timeline , it had another f**king thing coming .
` ` there 's no such thing as a wrong pizza , '' georgie said .
i heard hunter mumble , ` ` nice f**king song , '' to himself and that was the last thing i remember .
` ` now the only thing that is going to happen is your eyes will water , and you will feel some pressure . ''
hunter whispered and that was the last thing i remembered that night .
` ` i love you baby , we will be back first thing in the morning . ''
the last thing i remember was someone saying , ` ` if i ca n't have him neither can you . ''
the first thing i see are dolphins diving all around .
the last thing i remember is mason whispering , ` ` i 'll protect you . ''
next thing i know he had me pinned against it .
we were all sitting around talking and then one thing kind of lead to another and here i am . ''
mills , our pitcher , saw the whole thing and started having words with duff .
the last thing i remember is hearing hunter hayes talking about somebody 's heartbreak .
she staged the whole thing . ''
it 's the most sexual thing i ' ve ever seen .
the last thing i remember is being lifted into the air and floating away .
as i get closer i look at each girl but none look familiar , which is n't an uncommon thing .
i can feel his hardness against my lower back and while it should be such a huge turn off , it 's the most erotic thing that has ever happened to me .
rex is watching the whole thing uncover but does n't interfere .
ava 's little mouth hangs open like she just saw the most memorizing thing .
but my favorite thing is when he leaves me little notes that i find after he 's left me .
the last thing i hear is knox yelling out my name as he finds his own release .
i was vulnerable and one thing led to another and michael and i had sex . ''
watching her fall apart is the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen in my entire life .
` ` we 'll take off first thing . ''
in fact , these girls wandering in is the best thing that could have happened to us . ''
i found the whole thing bizarrely comical .
i almost brought up the secret list in her diary - almost asked , if i was trying so hard to be her , why was she taking note of every little thing i did , said , and had , and making sure to top it ?
one thing i knew for sure .
my sister was born a few months before my third birthday , and i remember thinking she was the worst thing that would ever happen to me . ''
in the forest , night fell early , and jude and i decided to hold off leaving for idlewilde until first thing in the morning , rather than navigate the trees after sunset .
we ' ve got a long day of hiking , starting first thing tomorrow . ''
the next thing i knew , he 'd carried me into the living room and stretched me out on the sofa next to the fire .
` ` that 's the crazy thing .
but the cruel thing was , it felt like the mistake was mine , for trusting you .
such a strange thing , to hold a six - year - old 's hand .
i ' m amazed nobody picked up on it ; they all thought it would be a color thing , or i 'd initial it somewhere else .
if this was a longtime thing , perhaps .
and that is perhaps the most surprising thing , to feel such support for this secretive calling .
i turn to my mother as i hit the refrain when you hear me , listen to what i ' m saying when you see me , look me in the eye when you know me , try not be frightened when you speak to me , tell me everything is going to be fine and the most astonishing thing happens , which at first i ca n't believe - my mother , in her own quiet way , is singing along .
so in such moments of revelry , the citizens had the right to demand a storydance , which might be a real thing somewhere but sounded like bullshit to dred .
` ` death ... is a funny thing .
` ` it 's an odd thing , and the man does n't talk much .
she 'd never heard of such a thing .
` ` if possible , i 'd like to set out first thing tomorrow .
` ` picture the last beautiful thing you saw , '' she whispered .
as i thought that , he did the most peculiar thing .
` ` this is the saddest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
now it 's my favorite thing to think about . ''
i thought back , and for the past six months , more even , any little thing lauren hinted at , max made it happen .
unlike the last thing she 'd asked about , i recalled this angst all too clearly .
since he 'd been pretty bummed from the whole josh thing , it was the least we could do .
his mouth on my br**sts was pretty close to the best thing i 'd ever felt .
` ` i swear , you moving into this building is the best thing that ever happened to me . ''
` ` that was a terrible thing to read , '' he said quietly , not looking up .
this was the kind of thing normal people wrote off .
` ` if you keep being this sweet to me , things could happen . ''
stuart and i are hosting a ... thing .
shit , i 'd confessed to rob about being pulled over while giving a drunken blow job , and that was n't even the worst thing that happened when i was in michigan ... because of me , because i was out of control , denying i had a problem .
this is exactly the kind of thing that 'll give me a panic attack .
when we were kids , i never visited because she was nadia 's friend and i was kind of jealous and threatened by the whole thing , so back then , i always greeted avery with a sneer and a lip curl .
when my mom asked me to go with her to a work thing because stuart was at a conference in lincoln , i said no problem .
chapter twenty - seven first thing the next morning , i called nadia .
there would be awesome comments about their technique and dissatisfaction that nobody ended up spewing blood from an orifice , then the internet trolls would start arguing and someone would get called a nazi before the whole thing got shut down .
the second thing i noticed was i could n't keep my eyes off him .
` ` that 's an odd thing to want to hide .
it 's the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
you 'd always be worrying if i was about to go on to the next big thing .
the end chapter 1 cora , the fourth of july it 's my favorite thing ever to have all the people i love in one place at the same time .
normally i could just walk away from this kind of thing .
` ` if it was just a onetime thing then what 's with the death glare you 're giving the brunette that 's all up on him ? ''
and right now , being with you is the one thing that feels solid and real ... you 're so full of color , so vibrant you never get lost in all the gray in my head .
the next thing i knew , i owned a bar .
this is the right thing , the only thing that can happen for you and for this bar .
it only took a minute to bring her to the edge , and when she went over i swore it was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen .
i wanted to scream that i loved her , to tell her that she was the best thing to ever happen to me , but i did n't want to scare her any more than i already had today .
it 's hard to ignore when the exact same thing happened to me .
i could n't really complain about it since it felt so good and i knew he needed it for some reason , but if he thought he was just going to f**k me senseless and then not talk to me about it , he had another thing coming .
his eyes flickered like a flame going out , and the next thing i knew i was trapped completely under him as all his strength fled .
i figured the worst thing that could happen was that i would show up , not see nash , or he would n't see me and i could just turn around and come back home and curl up with a book like i did most weekends .
in the haze of tequila and sorrow , i could still taste her , feel her pressed up against me , and it was the only good thing i could seem to recall in the last few weeks .
things had progressed naturally ... one thing led to another , and we ended up in bed together .
while getting left high and dry with a raging hard - on was n't my favorite thing that had happened that day , i was more worried about the fact that she looked like she was going to shatter like an icicle hanging off the edge of a steep roof .
it was the most beautifully unrestrained thing i had ever seen in my life .
` ` that was probably the hottest , most beautiful thing i have ever seen . ''
i did n't want them to tell him he could do better , because a secret part of me wanted to be the best thing that ever happened to him .
his gaze did that thing where it went almost all the way black when i was left in front of him on the bed in nothing but my underwear .
right now i could n't tell if that was the best thing to ever happen to me or the worst .
it was odd , but definitely not the weirdest thing i had ever seen in a tattoo shop .
the first thing my eyes landed on was n't ayden trying to get jet to two - step with her to ` ` family tradition , '' or rule and shaw whispering with heads bent close together , or rome tugging his little pixie around the side of the bar to where i knew his office was back behind all the liquor storage , or nash and his pretty saint pretending to play a game of pool while they really just made out next to the felt - covered table .
but if that was the case , then no matter how much i wanted him , or how badly i wanted the wonderful thing i just knew we 'd have together , there was no way i was fighting memories or the ghost of my sister to have it .
it was the best thing ever .
` ` the funny thing is , i understand all about loss .
the birds were free and he knew that 's the only thing i ever wanted .
i was n't sure what to say to that but i did know one thing that was stunningly , perfectly , absolutely crystal clear to be after the last few days without him .
the only thing that could have made the sight better would have been if he had n't bothered with the black boxers before crashing out .
he 's a bad man and race told you all along that getting tangled up with him was the worst thing he had ever let happen in his life .
he 's lucky the only thing i broke was his nose . ''
my heart did a weird flip and my blood did a weird thing where i felt like i could actually feel it slow down in my veins .
i wanted to hand the keys over , get out and never look back , and the next thing i know the cops are there , like every cop in the damn city descends on us .
i think my brain short - circuited , because the next thing i knew , my c**k was sliding in between those lips that by themselves were enough to make me hard .
one thing that was still startlingly clear behind the haze and murky gray was that bax had been willing to end his own life to try and set the rest of us free .
the next thing i knew i was on the ground , surrounded by bax 's heat , and he was kissing my stunned mouth .
i wanted to argue , to tell them that it was me , but the next thing i knew i was being lifted and strapped to a stretcher and a paramedic was asking my blood type and talking about stitches and plastic surgery .
` ` are n't you the worst thing that could happen to her , bax ? ''
you need to understand that this thing with alice sleeping with two guys and brandon dying in a car accident are the two biggest things to go down in healy in a really super crazy long time .
i missed the thing that everyone would talk about all year long , and i knew i 'd missed it the next morning as i ate dry toast and sipped ginger ale and listened to my best friend alice franklin on the other end of the phone .
but the thing is , as i ' ve grown up , there ' ve just been fewer and fewer available guys around here who are older than me and who are my type .
and i thought about that weird , totally embarrassing thing that happened between us the night of my infamous party - him pinning me down on my bed the night of my party , his eyes looking at nothing , his breath stinking of beer .
girls like elaine o'dea and maggie daniels can do that weird , amazing thing where it looks like they 're making fun of a boy on the surface , but somehow the boy always takes it as one big compliment .
` ` my dad 's at work and my mom and sister are at some church thing . ''
and then the craziest thing happened this afternoon .
` ` and the really gross and scary thing is ... '' kelsie continued , and for a second i could see how much she was loving this , just getting to be in the center of our little group with all of us listening to her , ` ` ...
and then the most incredible thing happened .
the kind of girl who acted like getting asked out by a guy was the most boring thing in the whole world because it happened to her , like , every single day .
and then , all of a sudden , the most miraculous thing happened .
` ` thank you for being so nice , '' i said again , and i said this over and over during the whole entire thing .
the only thing that changed was she stopped making me go to protests with her at the women 's care clinic .
i kept thinking about how i made alice laugh and how nice she had been about the whole thing .
there 's one other big thing that 's happened this year .
the funny thing is we all hung out together back in elementary school before we figured out who was popular and who was n't .
` ` is there such a thing as reading too much ? ''
she was probably watching the whole thing play out in front of the plate glass store windows .
and one thing led to another and here i am . ''
i 'll have to tell jake that their graduating and separating is the best thing that could happen for all of us .
but then again , being seen by dylan is n't that great of a thing .
` ` but the movie thing at the end is painful to endure .
the exact same thing occurred then , only it was an adult who took the air from me .
this is the strangest thing i ' ve ever witnessed .
i have a theory that the poor kid might have a crush on her , since the mouth agape trait is a common thing when lyric 's in his sight .
` ` i guess it 's a pretty common thing to do - put tattoos on yourself .
but ... the whole touching thing freaks me out . ''
` ` the thing is , with as long as ethan has dragged out this non - marriage idea , i ' m kind of starting to believe that his mind may never change .
he ended up opening his own tour guide place with lila 's help , and the two of them seem really happy except for the marriage thing .
` ` i got in quite a few swings before this thing happened . ''
and , the thing is , it 's not the first time i ' ve written about ella like this .
the look is fleeting and quickly vanishes , as if he 's been expecting this sort of thing to happen .
however , the only thing i get in response is a low chuckle and a brush of a finger up my bare thigh to the edge of my shorts .
it 's kind of in the air right now , depending on how the thing with the note goes and who wrote it .
the thing that really sucks is that i only had an hour from when i was at the dusky inn until i had to meet my client for the night .
` ` it 's just a kiss for now , but the next thing i know you 'll be stealing my wallet and taking off before i even get laid . ''
the last thing i see is the door swing open and a pair of boots appear followed by the sound of a voice i swear i ' ve heard before .
if it was n't for reagan threaten me , i would have never gone out so quickly after the whole tenner thing .
` ` he has that exact thing tattooed on his neck as well . ''
the last thing i see in his eyes is remorse then i passed out , not sure what i 'll wake up to or if i 'll even wake up .
quinton was actually one of the few people who noticed this and it was a genuinely sweet thing , i just could n't see it at the time because i was blinded by landon 's death .
the sky gets darker , along with everything around me , until i ca n't see a thing .
the thing is i ' m still not even sure if we were ever being chased or if paranoia set in .
that i need to chase down nova and tell her to stay with me , not go with tristan , tell her that i ' m really here and that i was just upset about the roof thing and had tristan lie for me .
i wonder if she 's been talking to lea about my lack of sleep or , worse , if lea 's told her about my watching landon 's video , although i ' m guessing it 'd probably be the first thing my mom would ask me about if she knew .
i 'd seen them a couple of times since the whole thing with trace .
i ' m not even sure how they got him to agree to go , but i wish i did - i wish i could find the magic thing to bring quinton to his senses and realize how good a person he is , despite what he thinks .
she was pregnant with you and i remember she told me that if she could make sure one thing happened if she was gone , it 'd be that you were always happy . ''
when i died and came back , i felt sort of like a ghost that no one wanted to talk to , because i was the reminder to everyone of the horrible thing that happened .
her cheeks turn a little pink and it 's the most adorable thing i ' ve ever seen .
do you want to relive the whole nova thing again ?
it 's moments like these that make every single terrible thing i ' ve been through worth it , even my marriage to conner .
` ` i actually have n't seen him since that ... thing happened at the bar . ''
a leaky ceiling is the first thing i see before i feel the pain .
hangout with you for a non - work thing , so we 'll be hanging out somewhere else besides work ? ''
` ` jesus , you 're on a roll tonight with the whole startling the shit out of me thing , '' i say , unable to meet his eyes , but i can feel his gaze on me , begging me to look at him .
the morning had already started out iffy when i 'd tried to call my dad to talk to him about the dylan thing , and he sent me to voicemail after two rings .
i start to say goodbye but then remember ... ` ` wait , did mom ever report that whole dylan thing like i told her to do ? ''
the thing is , i ' ve always thought that , when i 'd come back to life , i owed the stars for bringing me back , that i was supposed to help whoever cried out .
` ` and the crazy thing was , it gave me my quarter back after i made the call . ''
although one good thing came out of it .
i have no f**king clue how this happened -- not with the geraldson thing since i 'd always known eventually my luck would run out - but violet being here .
evidentially , cheating is some kind of family thing or something , at least on his father 's side .
finally , the damn thing comes to an end , luke winning over nine grand , while his uncle and ryler lose all their money .
the first thing i think is that this ca n't be the woman there that night .
we have n't had sex since the thing at the police station happened .
the thing that really gets to me is i do n't think it 'll stop until the police catch him .
luke watches me with a lustful look as if watching me lick frosting is the sexiest thing he 's ever seen .
the only thing that was really hard to deal with was when i told her about the dreams i ' ve been having about the cemetery .
the thing that pulls me back to reality is when my phone starts ringing from inside the pocket of my leather jacket .
i was n't going to but i guess it 's a thing or something .
he does it without so much as a hesitation , as if it 's the most natural thing in the world .
then the thing with preston happened and i ' m trying not to get too worked up about it , but if they manage to catch him , then there would be this huge opening for violet and i to have a semi - normal life , maybe .
it 'll only be temporary and if i survive whatever crazy , erratic thing i do , everything will still be the same afterward and i 'll still have to face it .
but luke picked me up straight from the gym after my kickboxing thing with callie and seth , something i do at least twice a week .
' the thing starts at eight .
the first thing i notice is that there 's something sticking out of the sleeve of his shirt ... a piece of gauze maybe .
but the thing is , i ' m letting go of a lot and i ' m worried i ' m going to explode when i finally say goodbye to it all - the hate , the pain , the resentment .
but the thing that kayden and i both knew was coming finally arrives , smack dab in the middle of finals .
i 'd finally managed to do it , but only by matching the claps ( two hands hitting each other ) and the downs ( hands hitting your knees ) with zeroes and ones respectively and converting the whole thing into binary .
` ` so how did everyone else 's thing go ? ''
chapter 15 code word : boyfriend ` ` it was like the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
insults were one thing coming from chloe ; whether or not we were friends , we were teammates , and that meant something , but these jv girls did n't know me , and i was getting damn tired of people picking on my handsprings .
` ` about the b3 thing ? ''
i was pretty sure the type of thing chloe was describing should n't have been possible .
` ` the really amazing thing is that these bots , as small as they are , can actually carry programs . ''
it 's all a little fuzzy , but the next thing i knew , jack was on his back halfway down the hall , and my blood was pumping the way it only did after a fight .
it was a strange thing for me to realize .
i might have been going down , but strangely enough , the last thing i wanted was to bring the rest of the girls with me .
` ` it 's the darnedest thing . ''
the only thing i knew for sure was that hayley was right - i did n't belong here .
between the whole ` ` holo '' thing and the half hour i 'd just spent listening to a rundown on what appeared to be an information leak from the pentagon / cia ( not me , i swear ) , i was more clueless than alicia silverstone in the title role .
the sad thing was , i could n't tell whether she was joking or not .
you do n't even know what kind of program you 're looking for , and we 're going in first thing tomorrow . ''
the first thing i saw was the numbers .
brooke turned chloe into her own little brookeling , and ever since the whole jack peyton thing , chlo 's been gunning for the captain spot . ''
as chloe continued to rattle off directives , tiffany slipped the magnifier into her bra like it was the most natural thing in the world .
the next thing i saw from the video feeds was a small spark of light , a single tendril of smoke , and an open door .
the second thing i noticed was that jack peyton was already sitting at the central table , his eyes locked on mine .
the third thing i noticed was that my younger brother had just sat down with a bunch of senior girls , all of whom were staring at him like he was some kind of alien species .
after the thing with the underwear , i owe you one . ''
` ` if we 're going to this thing , i need to get dressed . ''
heat played on the surface of my skin and the bond between us flared until i could feel it as a physical thing .
` ` think of the worst thing that ever happened to you , '' jed told me .
` ` every bad thing that 's ever happened to you . ''
it knew what she had done to me , and ` ` logic '' did n't stand a chance at overriding a thing like that .
i had n't known that kind of thing was even possible .
` ` so you went hunting , '' lake said , like it was the most natural thing in the world .
that was the one good thing to come from this .
the last thing i heard before losing consciousness was chase saying my name - his voice aching and angry , equal parts boy and wolf .
if it was n't one thing , it would be another , year after year , for as long as i lived - lucas had just been the beginning .
i turned to shay , expecting to see rage marring his features - so like devon 's i wanted to hurl - but the only thing on shay 's face was a smile .
from what i 'd already gathered about chase 's human life , being attacked by a rabid werewolf and waking up in a cage in callum 's basement was pretty much the best thing ever to happen to him .
seeing lucas sitting so close to maddy made me imagine her in his shoes , and i knew without probing the edges of her mind that she was thinking the same thing , seeing herself - and the things she 'd survived at the hands of the rabid - in this boy .
the first thing i heard was the three - year - old 's scream , shrill enough to shatter glass .
` ` i mean , what 's the worst thing that could happen if he helps me out here ?
the only thing the others did n't know was that callum was the one who 'd nudged ali and me into doing recon on the psychics .
` ` it 's not the kind of thing most people notice - at least , not at first .
` ` i know you 're new at this , '' he said , condescension and sly , understated viciousness fighting for control of his every word , ` ` but there is a simple explanation for this kind of thing . ''
as i sat there , the countdown already under way , i was sure of only one thing .
easy thing to lose sight of when you flash out . ''
i clung to consciousness , clung to chase as he began to fade away , and the last thing i saw before everything went black was caroline 's eyes changing back to blue - and ali standing over valerie 's lifeless body , holding a smoking gun .
a tiny bead of blood rose on lucas 's skin , mixing with sweat and adrenaline and the smell of things to come .
i was not willing to consider the possibility that the same thing might happen to ali .
we 'd been in ark valley for as long as i could remember , and the townspeople had n't gotten suspicious yet - at least about the aging thing .
callum had a pesky habit of knowing what i was going to do before i did it , and there was n't a thing that went down in his territory that escaped his notice .
blood - blood - blood - blood- i tried not to think about the bad thing .
on some level , i knew that this was the hardest thing , the worst thing about letting them in - i had no guarantee that i 'd ever be able to get rid of them , because i had no guarantee that i would ever want to .
apparently , this was the kind of thing that a submissive needed permission for .
` ` it was the last thing i saw before i blacked out .
my first instinct when i heard ali 's words was to growl , but as the real world settled back into place and the protective instinct my dream had awakened slipped from me , i remembered two things .
just a picture of the girl and information about her favorites : favorite colors ( orange and blue ) , favorite foods ( macaroni and cheese ) , favorite thing to do with bubble wrap ( pop it ) .
` ` and then , you looked at me , and even though i was only five years old , i knew that what had been done to you was the worst thing i would ever see .
and then came the hardest thing to see , the hardest decision he 'd made .
if he 'd been a normal person , ione and richard , one of the oldest sensors , would have felt his stare as a physical thing .
her mouth dropped open in a little o , her body trembled , and then she did the most amazing thing .
the death of a dream was an eclipsing thing , and the hope that someday things would be better had been claire 's mainstay for as long as she could remember .
she 'd spent years berating herself for every little thing .
the worst thing about the memory was n't the fact that nix could recognize , in retrospect , that wyler - like claire - had n't been a null .
most remarkable thing about them ?
when i unlocked the door , the first thing i noticed was that the place was even cuter on the inside .
the next thing i know , it was morning and she was asleep next to me with no clothes on .
she staged the whole thing as another notch in her ultimate betrayal . ''
i was tired of hurting and i knew one thing that would take my mind away from all the pain .
` ` i told her that making love to you was the best thing that had every happened to me . ''
there was one thing that i knew for sure .
` ` it will be nice when we have our own place to be able to enjoy things like this whenever we want . ''
it was the last thing that i could remember before waking up in the hospital .
waking up in a hospital room and remembering how you got there is n't exactly a peaceful thing to go through .
i knew where we were headed , and it did n't even bother me , because i wanted precisely the same thing .
at least there was one good thing that could come out of this horrible evening .
this is the worst thing that could ever happen . ''
time got away from me , because the next thing i knew the bathroom door was opening .
is this the start of something new , or just a one - time thing , because i ' m going to be honest with you .
as i stood there spying on the man who should steer clear of me and my problems , i knew one thing for sure .
i was tryin ' to avoid this exact thing from happenin ' , darlin ' . ''
the only good thing that came out of it was that i never expected a man to save me from myself .
that was the first thing i noticed .
the first thing i noticed was that sometime in the middle of the night she 'd removed her jeans .
` ` you give head like a champion , and act or not , that thing you did with your pu**y was the f**kin ' hottest damn thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` the only f**kin ' thing you need to be ready for is this . ''
the first thing i noticed was that the couple had already gone back inside , leaving the two of us alone in the alley .
` ` you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to us .
savanna is the best thing that could have happened to that boy .
getting a hug was n't the only thing that i worried about never getting again .
the one thing i noticed was that she was n't emotional at all .
this is the funniest thing that 's happened in a long time .
when i turned off her light and started walking out , i heard one last thing that warmed my heart .
one good thing was that the mortuary drove the casket over to the plot and then we just had to carry it a few more feet .
the next thing i knew , i was on the ground and he was standing over me .
the first thing i noticed was that the car was gone .
one thing i always stumbled upon was the question if things happen for a reason .
it 's not exactly the kind of thing to watch with little kids around . ''
i ai n't interested in this type of thing . ''
` ` the thing where you take up for each other , so us women do n't find out you really did something wrong ! ''
some people ca n't see a good thing even when it bites them in the tail . ''
with every feeling playing heavy on my mind , there was one thing that i knew for certain .
back in my day this type of thing was unheard of .
after the whole prank thing , everyone got along like nothing had happened .
they hunched over holding their face and the first thing i noticed was that it was a female .
this kind of thing does n't exactly happen in our small town .
a loud dial tone was the next thing i heard .
i made a lot of mistakes and then that thing with rick happened .
` ` yeah , there was this thing she went through where she was watchin ' all those cookin ' shows on television .
this was the absolute worst thing that i could have ever imagined happening .
the thing was , i had this terrible feeling that because i shot rick , i would lose conner as punishment .
when i saw him look up at me , he looked like it was the worst thing he had ever seen .
the only thing i saw was my girls .
i managed to duck out of the way for the first thing , but got hit by the remote control as it slammed me in the back of my head .
while driving through town one thing caught my eye and without even reconsidering , i pulled my car into the parking lot at the bar next to conner 's truck and sat there waiting .
the first thing i noticed was her perky ni**les were hard and the second was how sexy her legs looked .
there was one thing i noticed right away .
as i drove away , i knew one thing .
it was n't because sex with him was the greatest thing i 'd ever experienced in my life or because looking at him made my heart pound .
the first thing i noticed was the sender .
the next thing i knew , i was being carried to our bed .
one thing i could be grateful of was that miranda would never feel threatened by my touch .
the next thing i knew , i was done cuttin ' her whole head .
` ` it was a one - time thing , randa .
the last thing i saw was conner punching ty straight in the face .
the first thing i noticed was ty 's short hair .
he 'd betrayed me and that was the one thing i could never forgive .
i hauled ass into izzy 's room , only to find the same thing .
i came back to a cup full of liquor and the next thing i knew , i was waking up naked next to her .
the last thing i remember was feeling dizzy and waking up somewhere else .
it was the worst thing i have ever experienced . ''
that was the last thing i remembered until i felt a pillow waking me up .
colt noticed that he had made her angry so he pretended like it was the coolest thing .
the first thing i noticed was that it felt warm , which totally grossed me out , because milk should n't be warm .
the second thing i noticed was that it almost tasted sweet .
the most shocking thing to the whole family was his devotion to bella .
` ` the funny thing was that colt never really noticed it .
colt was the hottest thing ever , but ty came in a close second , so to other guys , they knew they did n't stand a chance .
the next thing i remember was waking up in the hospital .
it was the cutest thing i had ever seen .
` ` that is the hottest thing i have ever seen in my life , darlin ' . ''
being there for that birth was the most scary , disgusting , and perfect thing i had ever witnessed .
` ` you catchin ' me was the best thing that could have happened .
the last thing i saw was her face covered in blood .
that bitch courtney cut in and the next thing i know conner and i were looking all over for her , '' i explained .
just a one - time thing .
the thing was , when i actually did lose her , i realized just how unhappy we both were .
the funny thing was that i had never liked going down on a woman , but i was so turned on that i stopped moving and pressed my lips against her little clit .
as if that was n't just the best thing i had ever experienced , he rolled over , pulling me with him .
there was one thing that i knew for certain .
i must have fallen asleep , because the next thing i knew , i was being carried to the bed .
it was the sweetest thing i had ever seen . ''
after the past few days there was one thing i knew for sure .
i knew the last thing he remembered was me walking in on him with someone else , but he refused to bring it up .
unfortunately this type of thing happens more than i 'd like to admit knowing to .
stacia talked about a friend of hers who had the same thing happen , and i felt an instant connection to her , as if talking to her had been the best conversation i 'd had in a long time .
one thing was different though .
it was basketball , and i knew how long those things lasted , so i sat down next to branch and closed my eyes .
the thing was , i accidentally told branch all about it .
one thing i did notice was that the happier i was , the more strange branch was acting .
had she known about brooks doing the switch - a - roo thing she 'd probably have a different opinion .
the first thing i noticed was that not a lot of people were in the establishment .
the last thing that family wanted was to hear i was carrying a valentine child .
inside i was crying , because at that moment i knew his hitting me was n't a one - time thing .
the thing was that i knew that what bobby wanted was for me to love him ; something i knew i 'd never be able to do .
i recorded the whole thing and knew that once she was older i 'd play it back and remember how cute she was .
she 'd never have to feel the pain of being without him and it was the only thing i was thankful for .
the next thing i knew i was lying down on the grass with a bunch of people around me .
the first thing i noticed was that it was n't his handwriting .
the first thing i noticed shocked the hell out of me .
the first thing i noticed is that they were glossed over again .
the thing is , the second i knew you were alive was when i knew for certain that i was fighting a losing battle with my heart .
one thing i noticed was that they were holding hands and neither of them were paying any attention to me , brooks or even b .
the first thing i noticed was that my head was pounding .
the first thing i noticed was how close to the originals he 'd gotten .
one overhead light shined down over it , and the only thing i noticed was the fogged up windows .
chapter 7 my mother and aunt had planned some joint house warming thing for me and ford .
i turned her around to face me and the same thing happened as before .
the thing was , in the certain messenger program that i had , i could see that she 'd read it .
in fact there was n't one thing lately that did n't have something to do with lacey .
once i had you , i knew one thing . ''
my body was crying for some attention and the only thing i was getting was hideous pickup lines from a cocky stranger .
tippy 's girlfriend and jaye came along to watch us play and , even though it was nice to have two good looking women with us , i could n't help but think about the hot little thing that was on the other side of the bar .
the next thing i knew , lights were reflecting in the windows and i heard the police radios from outside the kitchen door .
i had poured the batter in the pan , but our conversation distracted me and the next thing i knew , the whole room was smokey and the smoke alarm started blaring .
it was just a one - time crazy thing .
why could n't they get that it was just a one - time thing ?
sure , if the charlie thing would n't have happened , i probably would have hit it again , but things had changed .
honestly , i thought it was just a one - time thing , but when you and jammer went upstairs together , i got so jealous and realized it was more . ''
finding you was the best f**king thing to happen to me .
one thing that i found out when going to register was that i was supposed to have done it months ago .
he won the whole thing last year . ''
the first thing i noticed was that i did n't hear either of my girls .
this was the one thing i said i could never go through again and you did it anyway .
the first thing i noticed was the one guy staring at my tits as i reached over to put his plate on the table .
the weirdest thing was that when i went out into the living room , it was cleaner .
i knew there was n't , but the kid seemed like it was the coolest thing ever .
losing a family member before they even had a chance at a life is a terrible thing .
you wreckin ' that car has been the best f**kin ' thing to happen to me in a long while .
the next thing i know , ash is taking off her clothes and letting people do body shots off of her while she 's in nothing but a pair of underwear .
i was too f**ked up to realize that it was n't cool , but aware enough to know that if guy 's were lickin ' all over her , i should be able to have the same thing .
next thing i know , we 're in the laundry room f**kin ' .
my phone rang first thing in the morning .
one thing that i noticed was how he was watching it hit my piercing .
i 'd appreciate it if someone could contact the family first thing tomorrow morning , since they do n't know i ' ve done this for them . ''
the thing is , now that i can think clearly , it hurts me when someone hurts you .
it was a one - time thing .
that thing with mack was different .
parker called me first thing in the morning and when i saw his name displayed on the caller i.d . , i almost did n't want to answer .
we do n't even get along , especially since the ford thing . ''
they have some thing at the restaurant and are going to stay there until it 's cleaned up .
next thing we know , he 's takin ' a job in italy and leavin ' the country .
dirty looks were a common thing for us , not to mention having to explain how we were n't related more times than we could count .
we shared friends , which made seeing each other a frequent thing .
the next thing i knew i was waking up alone in the small twin sized bed .
one thing led to another and you know how it goes .
my brother was right , because the only thing it was going to get me was a trip to jamey 's bed , and i could n't begin to stop myself .
` ` jamey asked me to go to dinner , as a last date kind of thing .
the next thing i knew i was being dragged out of the establishment .
the thing was , after the whole falling out i 'd realized more than ever that i 'd made the right decision about the twins .
the ironic thing was that this all started in the room that i 'd spent the night in .
out of all the things that could have happened in my life this was the last thing that i ever expected .
out of all the things that could have happened in my life this was the last thing that i ever expected .
that had been the first creepy thing that i 'd experienced at mythos .
pretty and popular , but with this horrible secret , with this horrible thing that had been happening to her that nobody knew about .
i could call up specific memories and focus in on them , examining every little thing that i 'd seen , felt , or heard .
maybe they had n't killed jasmine , but there was something that just seemed wrong about this whole thing .
but the really weird thing was that i did n't get any kind of vibe off it .
paige had been pretty , popular , and sweet , but no one had known about the awful thing that was happening to her .
he said ` ` spartan '' like it was some sort of dirty word or terrible thing to be .
but that was n't the strangest thing daphne did .
it 's just a thing that valkyries do .
` ` so you faked this whole thing , '' i said , turning to face jasmine .
he cut a couple of our dates short , would n't answer his phone in front of me , that sort of thing .
i expected this sort of thing from him .
logan and i had almost had a - a- thing a few weeks back .
although daphne keeps asking me to go with her to this thing cal ed the winter carnival .
with my mouth open , heart hammering , arms trembling , and legs shaking , i stared down the empty street and wondered whether or not the whole thing had been an accident - or something far more sinister .
it was n't the kind of thing i wanted to casual y text her about .
i had n't had a lot of experience with this sort of thing .
thanks to my gypsy gift , i remembered every single thing i 'd ever seen from touching an object or another person - al the images , al the vibes , al the lights , sounds , and flashes of feeling .
given the way it was licking its lips with its long , red tongue and staring at me with its bright , glowing eyes , the wolf would definitely enjoy that sort of thing .
it was exactly the kind of thing i 'd expected to see , exactly the kind of thing i had seen hundreds of times before when touching someone 's clothes .
the wolf 's red , narrowed eyes were the last thing i saw before the snow hit me , and the world went white .
the same thing happened in the library .
each and every thing i saw turned my stomach , but i kept looking , searching for something i could tel metis , something that would help her and the others stop whatever the reapers of chaos were planning .
and then i just ran , desperate to get as far away from preston and the awful thing i 'd seen , the awful thing he 'd helped the reaper girl to do my mom .
it was the same thing that had happened the last time i 'd spoken to the goddess .
the funny thing was that i did understand .
like it was the most hysterical thing ever that she and her reaper friends had just done the same thing to a museum full of innocent people .
but that was n't the only thing i noticed .
a sob rose in my throat at the thought of the horrible things that had happened , the horrible things that we 'd all done , but i swallowed it down .
her flickering face was n't the most awful thing i 'd seen today .
as suddenly as it had appeared , the red spark was gone , and savannah 's face was normal once more , making me wonder if i 'd only imagined the whole thing .
sort of a natural thing to do when your last name was frost .
i supposed she seemed that way to me because nike was the embodiment of victory , something that could be a bitter , bitter thing in the end .
you know , superheroes , villains , that sort of thing .
the next thing i knew , i was lying on my back on the floor , aching all over and desperately trying to breathe and remember what i 'd been doing in the first place .
by the awful thing that had happened to logan 's family and by the awful things he 'd said to me .
and the same thing 's happened with carson and that stupid horn he picked up at the coliseum . ''
as if i could ever forget about preston and the awful thing he 'd promised to do to my grandma frost if he ever got free .
loki was the most horrible thing i 'd ever seen and worse than anything i could have ever imagined .
white stars exploded in front of my eyes , and the next thing i knew i was on the ground , staring up at loki , vivian , and the black roc they were sitting on .
the evil god 's half - melted face was the last thing i saw before the roc disappeared into the night sky .
my knees buckled , and logan 's face was the last thing i saw before i passed out .
and that was the last thing i heard before logan lowered his lips to mine once more .
the same thing happened in my other classes .
of course , the guys who 'd been following me thought this was the funniest thing ever .
apparently , they all believed that i 'd planned the whole thing , just like linus did .
the same thing had happened a few weeks ago at the crius coliseum .
but the worst thing was that the reaper girl had outsmarted me again , and i had n't even seen it coming .
there was nothing particularly sinister about the reaper reaching for the book , but i felt there was something more to the image , something i was missing , so i stood there and kept concentrating , focusing on every little thing my magic could show me .
morgan had snapped out of her zombie - like state when i 'd destroyed the bowl of tears , and i was hoping the same thing would happen with logan .
i smiled , thinking it was one of the most beautiful sights i 'd ever seen - and that it would be the last thing i ever saw .
back and forth , and back and forth , i stalked , my mind drifting from one thing to the next .
but campus was much livelier this afternoon , as kids went to their after - school clubs , sports , and activities , headed over to the dining hall to get some supper , or trudged toward the library to finally get started on that essay that was due , like , first thing in the morning .
a woman sat on a stool behind the cash register , reading through a celebrity gossip magazine as if it was the most interesting thing ever .
he glanced over his shoulder and saw the same thing i did - oliver running out of the stacks , still clutching that keyboard .
then , the moment passed , the gears in my mind started grinding together again , and all i could think about was the terrible thing that had happened - because of me .
the only thing visible was the golden glow that flowed from metis into nickamedes and back again .
i closed my eyes and concentrated , and i saw the same thing that i had before - jason leaning over the book at one of the study tables .
` ` he 's always talking about grapes and plants and things like that . ''
` ` and you know what the really twisted thing is ?
` ` horrible thing , '' she muttered .
logan slept through the whole thing .
like victory , mercy could be a great and terrible thing .
it was one thing that i 'd never miss .
` ` well , one good thing can come out of this , '' he suggested .
` ` it was a one - time thing , okay ? ''
i brought her back to the pool house so that she could sober up , but one thing led to another and the rest is history , '' chance explained .
30 when i arrived home the first thing i noticed is that my father was n't there yet .
i was content to believing that trevor had made the whole thing up to get to me , but soon after she called me crying saying that it happened a couple times when they were drinking .
` ` the thing is , she 's been sick for a long time now . ''
i knew he was enjoying seeing me lose control , because the next thing i knew he was holding me still and clenching up his face .
i ' m sure it was a one - time thing for the both of us .
the first thing i noticed was that the blankets were off of my bed .
when he came back to the house we hung out some more , and then one thing led to another .
the most reassuring thing happened after i 'd made that claim .
the next thing i knew i was being carried inside and laid down on top of his bed .
the first thing i noticed was that he 'd left his laptop , meaning this was n't about school .
it 's a beautiful thing to watch . ''
` ` that grassy thing there ? ''
i 'll plan the whole damn thing for you , babe , so no worries . ''
but i know one thing .
eating crow was not her favorite thing , but she 'd crawl on her damn knees if he 'd forgive her .
it was a beautiful thing . ''
the next thing i knew , i 'd woken up in a russian brothel , chained to a wall .
the whole thing has only taken about five minutes , and i ' m at the hotel in no time .
that fantasy 's a little ruined for me at the moment with that whole you - jumping - me - and - then - puking thing . ''
` ` the perfect thing to end a gunfight is the ceiling collapsing on top of you . ''
` ` so what 's the thing about ? ''
` ` same thing happens in the certain parts of our great northern america .
` ` the thing is , we kind of know that 's a lie . ''
` ` i was so worried about you , and the next thing i know both naomi and that asshole petrovich are gone .
the one good thing about visiting her parents is that they give us a ton of food that regan and i eat for a couple days after .
that was the sort of thing they eliminated reboots for .
is that the sort of thing i should lie about to make you feel better ? ''
getting separated was the worst thing that could happen to us right now , and i had let him wander off in the middle of the wilderness by himself .
` ` to this reservation thing ? ''
` ` here 's the thing , '' he said quietly , taking a quick glance behind him at the humans in the kitchen .
` ` this crazy thing . ''
the next thing i know , i wake up alone with a bunch of used condoms around me and feeling lonelier than ever , and i am once again reminded i ' m only good for one - night stands .
fear pulses like a live thing in me .
we were drunk , out in town , you were making a bet , i was nosy and asked about it , thought it was such a great idea to make a bet of my own , especially when it seemed like such a sure thing !
he gives me a sideways glance and his smile is the fakest thing i ' ve ever seen .
i knew that was n't the only thing they must ' ve been talking about - they were talking about the fact that he was with his assistant too .
the first thing she noticed was that zack was barefoot .
the next thing she knew she was on her back on the blanket , looking up at zack .
` ` the other thing you should remember , '' he said deliberately , ` ` is that the hot , sweaty sex came after we made our deal . ''
the thing is they all want me to go into the family business . ''
` ` but it was a hot , sweaty sex thing for a while , '' he said as she went past him .
but there were rules against that kind of thing , not to mention a few laws .
one good thing had come of the mess , he reminded himself .
next thing you know , i 'd have old beak yelling at me for getting one of his people killed on the job . ''
` ` i saw the same thing in mr . crocker 's aura after the dark energy appeared , although i did n't know what it meant at the time . ''
` ` here 's the thing , fallon .
the next thing i knew he was dead . ''
what 's more , if they did find out that there was such a thing , they 'd probably run like hell in the opposite direction . ''
` ` couple of other things you might want to know about this kind of thing , '' fallon said .
probably some kind of competitive thing .
one thing led to another .
after the murder , he was convinced that the whole thing was his fault so he was eager to take the blame . ''
` ` thing is , what with having been a foster kid and then having a couple of little psychic incidents , you 're probably a tad messed up , too . ''
the first thing she saw was a luminous beam of energy slicing through the night .
` ` the thing is , i never met archer or myra or elizabeth or matt until this past year .
of course , things usually went south when that kind of thing happened , but what the hell .
do you know what the odds are of that kind of thing happening if you 're not a cop or in some sort of emergency work ?
` ` that sort of thing does n't just happen .
but on another front , i did accomplish one thing today .
` ` turns out you were right about shipley 's psychic blast thing .
` ` first thing after i found your name in meredith 's email address book . ''
` ` the thing is , '' leonora said slowly , ` ` i ' m not sure about thomas walker 's goal in this thing . ''
the only odd thing is someone circled one of the illustrations in blue ink .
those yoga lessons are the one thing he actually looks forward to every week .
` ` i know , but he probably does n't use his knees for this sort of thing . ''
like she did this kind of thing all the time .
` ` is there really such a thing as mass hallucination ? ''
` ` one good thing is coming out of all this , '' cassie said with a determinedly upbeat air .
it had been a near thing on cliff drive this evening .
` ` it 's my job to deal with the facts and the facts are that this thing has all the hallmarks of a drug killing . ''
` ` one good thing has come out of all the terrible events of the past few days , '' she said .
the problem was , he had n't had a lot of experience with this kind of thing .
` ` i ' ve read about this sort of thing , '' she said defensively .
` ` it 's usually the easiest way to put a stop to this kind of thing , '' owen said .
` ` i was miserable at the time , but looking back , it was the best thing that could have happened to me .
` ` the interesting thing is that it does n't affect everyone the same way , '' she said .
` ` this kind of thing happens every season .
the fact that the stone is now sitting in that box in the back tells me that the barretts are n't involved in this thing . ''
where did you see this thing that you ca n't remember ? ''
` ` the scary thing is that he means that part about the shotgun . ''
` ` how were you involved in this thing ? ''
there was no such thing as telepathy - no way she could actually dream another person 's dream .
i told you at the start of this thing that if i were in his place , i 'd do the same .
` ` the thing is , no matter how i come at it , my strat - talent is telling me that the whole scene just does n't look like fallon 's work .
the next thing she knew she was lying flat on her back on the table , her legs dangling over the edge .
` ` as far as i can tell , the only thing that is still going on is the static caused by those sleeping meds you were taking .
they 're not trained for this kind of thing .
the last thing she remembered was the comforting strength of his arms and his power wrapping her close .
the only thing different this summer was the presence of diana prentice .
the whole thing had been a stupid accident , and she decided she should n't have to pay for it the rest of her life .
it had n't been a dream , he was honest enough with himself to admit that , but there had been an odd , dreamlike quality to the whole thing .
you went behind my back and planned the whole thing . ''
the only thing that 's bugging me is that robyn is getting off damned light for what she did . ''
you 're the best thing that ever happened to me , brandon .
the one thing diana had not been able to laugh about thus far was her pregnancy .
i 'd have known who was in the car and the worst thing that might have happened would have been a fistfight with the other driver .
i ' m finding out the hard way that this kind of thing hurts more than it used to . ''
but the next thing i knew eddy was climbing back out again and he still had his gun .
but if you 're lying in an attempt to lead me into a trap ... '' he flashed me one of those charming smiles that had been the last thing neddy and raziel had seen .
it was a special one - time thing .
as far as she was concerned , everything went off as if the whole thing had been staged by a computer . ''
` ` one thing you should know , '' jed said quietly after a while .
` ` we wanted the whole thing staged on an alien world , you see .
` ` but there was someone who did keep track of that kind of thing , along with every other damn secret in this town . ''
` ` as i was saying , an occasional night together is one thing .
give you two guesses what that one thing was . ''
` ` i ' m going to call hannah 's sister first thing in the morning and sign up with her matchmaking agency .
` ` anderson , a very unpleasant thing happened to me this morning .
one thing i can spot real quick is a woman who 's after my money . ''
` ` no such thing as an accident where this bunch is concerned . ''
the second thing she became aware of was that the storm winds had died down .
you know , what with one thing and another , i ' m not getting a lot of painting done lately . ''
word of that kind of thing gets around fast in a small town .
this is the most mortifying thing that has ever happened to me in my entire life . ''
the best thing about the merger of harte investments with madison commercial , nick thought , was that it had finally freed his father and mother to pursue their own interests .
` ` do n't know about that , but one thing we can say for sure .
probably ca n't wait to tell everyone down at the post office first thing tomorrow morning . ''
hannah called me first thing this morning to warn me . ''
the next thing she knew , she was lying flat on her back on the rug in front of the hearth .
the first thing he noticed was that she was n't wearing one of her usual icy - pale fairy queen dresses today .
he told everyone at the post office first thing this morning . ''
` ` but i will tell you one thing , jeremy .
oh , sure , you expect that sort of thing from a madison , but i always thought the hartes and the seatons were a lot more refined . ''
` ` if you think that the thing with the mustard is kinky , wait until i tell you how nick got his coffee this morning , '' she said in a gossipy tone .
since then pierce had been popping up in the news for one thing or another , usually involving cops , crime , and antiestablishment declarations .
the whole thing had been recorded and played by every news outlet .
` ` the last thing she remembers is getting the lug wrench .
the whole thing must ' ve taken a second , maybe two .
this whole thing is well organized and carefully planned .
the air smelled like flowers , a delicate but slightly spicy scent promising wondrous things .
this was a magical thing that could happen only once , so i stood there , breathed in the scent , and let myself dream .
` ` do n't you have an army of badasses to keep this exact thing from happening ? ''
` ` the heart thing ? ''
` ` hell , most people do n't even know there is such a thing .
whatever , it had been a near thing .
` ` what a horrible thing that must have been for you , coming across the accident scene the way you did . ''
the next thing i knew , i was headed into surgery . ''
the first thing she saw was a man 's bare leg sticking out from behind the crate that held the sofa .
people who report that kind of thing usually say they felt paralyzed .
for the first time since the whole thing had started , jonas quarrel allowed himself the temporary pleasure of triumph mingled with anticipation .
` ` i ' ve hardly had a chance to get to know the man , but i 'll tell you one thing .
i did n't know if , when you joined me there , you would see the same thing , but apparently you do .
you would n't have hunted me down if you thought the only thing you 'd missed that night was a good lay . ''
that sort of thing happens all the time these days .
the thing is , i should n't have been able to pick up on anything that recent . ''
one thing i discovered during the past five years is that i do n't miss grading exams or lecturing to a classroom full of students who 're more concerned with the development of their sex lives than with the contrast between renaissance humanism and renaissance military philosophy .
` ` except for one thing : sharks do n't normally kill the client who 's just a little late in paying .
` ` you could stop this whole thing . ''
caitlin 's smile was a terrible thing to see .
` ` the whole thing , '' jonas announced grimly , ` ` was a disaster .
i pay workmen 's comp for this sort of thing , you know . ''
the last thing lehigh can afford is to have the cops brought in , even if he could trust 'em not to take the ransom and run .
i gather the two of them had a thing going .
the second thing that hit verity like a blow was that the stone gate opening onto the hidden passageway was ajar .
` ` okay , so this marino creep knew something about the logistics of the thing .
the odds of this sort of thing occurring again must be zillions to one . ''
` ` i ' ve been going through the same thing from the other direction .
` ` it 's a real nice little example of the craftsman style , and one thing that has come out of summer river going upscale is that property values have skyrocketed .
` ` the only other thing i can remember is that , in addition to being worried about your safety , sara was also concerned for the young man who brought you home that night , '' ellen said .
i was consulting with a lawyer about our legal options - restraining orders , that sort of thing .
find one lousy body in your aunt 's fireplace and the first thing you know everyone is talking .
` ` i was hallucinating wildly at the time - the movie thing .
this thing between mahon and me was n't going to be an exhibition .
` ` no that 's not the worst thing that can happen to me , '' he shot back bluntly .
` ` the worst thing is that i 'll give you the impression that i ' m a fool of a man who can be manipulated . ''
what with one thing and another , i guess i lost control .
` ` i ' ve never heard of such a thing . ''
the one thing he had not expected was a complete denial of the whole experience .
the last thing sariana wanted to do was embarrass herself or etion .
` ` as far as i was concerned , the only thing that had occurred was a rather unpleasant attempt to start an affair with you .
this way the only thing i have to worry about is having him get stuck with a thorn or two . ''
she asked , clinging to the look of strength she saw in the man 's gray eyes , ` ` port valentine 's safeguards enjoy breaking up this kind of thing .
` ` the one thing you would not have to fear is me going for your throat .
such a thing could only happen accidentally , as torlas were too stupid to do anything on purpose except eat .
with a shock she realized that although she had never experienced this kind of thing before , she knew about it .
the only thing that would deflect her from her goal was if she , herself , changed her mind .
` ` i know because i went in after you , and i did n't see a thing . ''
the whole reeting thing could disintegrate in the middle of the night , and we 'd be left in what would definitely qualify as an awkward situation .
` ` the only thing i ' ve missed is taking your loose credit in a game of free market , tanner . ''
` ` the thing is there are a couple of guys downstairs who want to kidnap me . ''
unfortunately , with my kind of talent i get this kind of thing occasionally .
` ` marge and other people in town are involved in this thing ? ''
liz is right , that kind of thing can come down through the bloodline . ''
` ` lawyers , wills , that sort of thing .
i know for a fact you enjoyed every single thing i did to you that night .
` ` i ' m fine and i do n't need you fawning- '' her eyes went wide , and next thing he knew she was gone .
the last thing she remembered was falling asleep in tyler 's arms .
next thing i knew ... '' he waved his hand .
she 'd been up all night , going over every single thing that had happened since the second she 'd crashed into tyler in the hallway .
one less thing for harley to complain about .
the sucky thing about a psych ward is that you have to watch what you say .
and the horrible thing ?
all that should ' ve been enough - hell , the thing should never have begun - but it was n't .
it was a nice thing to imagine , anyway .
besides , mitch had to see the same thing we did .
i do n't know how many rolls it took for me to finally stop , but the next thing i knew i was sprawled flat on my back , my feet still above me on the incline , my aching head dragging below .
but mitch just could n't let it go - not before , not then , or later - so we all saw the same thing .
the next thing i knew , meryl was shaking me awake and dad was shouting into the phone : what what what where ... ?
just one more bad thing this weekend .
the last thing i did was punch up another cell , reading the numbers from a business card .
the first thing i noticed when i rounded the bend and saw the cabin : no smoke .
normally he loved this sort of thing , but he could see lexi getting closer and closer to the exit , while he was stuck in front of the stage .
it 's obvious last night was a one - time thing .
she 'd obviously imagined the whole thing , and now he was trying to get away from her .
even now , he could close his eyes and see the same f**king thing happening all over again , as if he was reliving it in real time .
first thing in the morning , she needed to go shopping for cooking items - and food .
the last thing i saw before her teeth ripped into my neck was elijah and amelia , kissing and whispering words of love .
` ` the last thing she needs to see is me hunted down and killed .
next thing she saw , elijah had blood oozing from his neck .
for her , this had been a one - night thing with a guy she used to be friends with .
if she was n't sore between her thighs and favoring her right ass cheek , she 'd swear she just imagined that whole thing with ethan .
the last thing she remembered was sitting down on the couch to rest her legs , and wishing tony would go to bed so she could curl up and have a good cry .
` ` i have n't done a thing with myself in over ten years , and i ' ve been so busy blaming it on you .
next thing he knew , he was surrounded by five cops , who 'd all pulled their weapons on him .
graham 's shifters will understand , in time , that graham having you is the best thing that can happen for them .
maybe misty charging into his storeroom with two wolf cubs , a shifter , an armed security guy , and a whatever - he - was carrying armloads of flowers was n't the oddest thing he 'd ever encountered .
this was exactly the sort of thing i was trying to avoid , and i ' ve failed you .
she looked to be around sixty , but she 'd let it slip last year that a 112th birthday was n't such a bad thing for a woman to endure .
tulip hid in the woods and watched the whole thing , poor kid .
he said it matter - of - factly , as if it was the most natural thing in the world for a sixteen - year - old to become a killer .
a f**ked - up thing to see . ''
the terrible thing was , he did n't even care .
liam had explained to her when she 'd first considered trying to take her collar off that such a thing might happen .
the last thing he remembered was clutching deni 's bracelet as the plane hit the earth .
jace stopped on a little rise , a rare thing in this flat world .
sorrow fled , and deni proved to herself what a beautiful thing it was losing control in the arms of the shifter she loved .
in a second , they 'd have the thing over broderick .
slow goodness would be a fine thing .
if these two were going through the same thing ...
by the time we were dumped here , left in front of this house , which was at the time a rundown pile of crap , i 'd figured out one thing .
jack recalled him but only vaguely , just a blurry , man - shaped thing .
` ` but i could see a way to forgiving this sort of thing , provided you make it worth my while .
a tall , lean man watched the whole thing from the side .
this was the real thing , and he was so excited , he had to fight to keep himself from jumping and yelling something stupid .
such a simple thing , and they had both missed it .
spike had been very drunk that night , but jillian had been the hottest thing he 'd seen in a long , long time .
apparently , cooking out was a common thing for shifters , as well as inviting any friends who happened to be passing .
why worry about what terrible thing will happen tomorrow ? ''
never felt a thing . ''
he had no intention of sleeping , only of resting curled in her warmth , but the next thing he knew , eleanor was crying out again , and the midwife bustled around , a smile on her face .
it 's a terrible thing that happened to him .
it 's a beautiful thing to watch the way he looks at you .
the last thing steven remembered was a card game ... no , a cold london street , someone throwing things ... green eyes , red lips curving into a little smile , and a scent like roses .
` ` what an odd thing for him to do , '' rose said softly .
if you do n't mind me saying so , ma'am , it 's a fine thing to see you back . ''
the best thing that could happen .
that was a rare thing .
a part of her really wanted to find out if his reaction was just a one - time thing or if she could get him to look at her that way again .
she 'd watched the whole thing from the boat , hiding behind the body of the hand 's spy .
` ` now is n't a good time for this sort of thing anyway . ''
terrible , terrible thing . ''
the thing he did , the unnatural thing , it changed him too much .
here is the interesting thing .
it 's the hardest thing , losing a brother .
` ` most natural thing in the world , mating .
the next thing she knew , his jeans were around his thighs , her underwear was gone , he was sitting on the wall again , and he 'd pulled her down to straddle him .
liam came to her , his hard body against hers the best thing in the world .
` ` it 's a joyous thing , love .
` ` same thing in kerry .
being stalked meant waking up every morning wondering what terrible thing would happen next , looking over your shoulder with every step , falling asleep wondering whether you were safe to do so .
his dominant gaze held her , pinned her , and yet , it was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen .
it was a terrible thing for young mothers to die , and until recent years , it had happened to shifters all too often , including andrea 's own mother , who 'd died trying to deliver a son .
the ellison thing had been partly her fault - she 'd been dancing to show sean what he was missing by being so high - handed .
` ` in colorado , we were still pretty close to basic survival , no thoughts of conspiracies and that kind of thing .
` ` we 'll have more and more cubs , and it will be a grand thing .
` ` this thing you 're trying to start is n't worth my time , '' william said .
if he somehow staged this whole thing , which was still a possibility , it was masterfully done .
there 's no such thing as a knife battle .
` ` nine hundred and fourteen dollars for the whole thing , '' max offered .
he said it matter - of - factly , as if that were the most ordinary thing in the world .
the next thing i knew , both of them were gone .
the thing between me and declan would happen on my terms .
that fight was the best thing he had ever witnessed in his whole entire life .
thish ish the besht thing i ever tashted . ''
` ` thing is , escobar , i lied .
the sun dove behind the trees and things got black fast .
kissing was the best thing , mouths melding as male and female joined .
` ` what crazy , f**ked - up thing was that about ? ''
the next thing she knew , diego was crushing her into the wall , his body heat and scent all over her .
the funny thing is , when i was home , i could n't do it .
the last thing she 'd wanted was for diego to watch his brother die .
` ` good thing i stopped the fight , because you were about to kill that wolf , and the dominance war would have started .
the next thing iona knew , jace had opened his arms and folded them tightly around her .
` ` if you were just visiting , that would be one thing .
the whole thing was informal , with everyone smiling , laughing , talking , calling out to each other .
it 's a fine thing , another mating . ''
the last thing iona saw was a man in a white mask bending over cassidy and amanda , and then nothing .
carly did n't remember much after that , but she supposed yvette had gotten her to settle down and sleep , because the next thing she knew , carly was waking up , her mouth like cotton , her head pounding , her stomach in knots .
is that the kind of thing your professor friend wants you to be reporting ? ''
he beheld the nightmare that was the truth of dylan , and that was the last thing he ever saw .
` ` one thing i do n't like about your explanation , '' carly said to walker .
this bizarre encounter with lord ian was the sort of thing she would have had a good laugh over with thomas .
` ` as though nothing had been wrong , as though it were the most natural thing in the world to ask curry for toast . ''
` ` funny thing , my lord .
` ` and it is , it is , a glorious thing , to be a pirate kiiiing ... '' mac 's baritone cut out , and she heard more splashing .
beth is made of stern stuff , and ian wo n't let a thing happen to her .
mac savored the moment , memorized it , this small thing even more cherished than what they 'd done in the drawing room in london .
not because of the horrible thing that happened ? ''
` ` well , a peculiar thing happened this morning .
the last thing he remembered was isabella 's lips in his hair , her soft voice saying over and over that she loved him .
it was a fine thing to be liked and trusted by a horse , quite another to be held captive by her .
it was a common thing , even in this day and age , for a child to die at birth or shortly thereafter .
the only thing in the world was cameron 's mouth on her , the bulk of his warmth so close to her , the dark fire spreading through her .
a summons to edinburgh to stuff myself with cakes is quite the most exciting thing that 's happened in a twelvemonth .
one thing ainsley did n't understand , however .
elliot made too light of his broken bones and the torture he 'd suffered , almost joking about the whole thing . ''
angelo , he knew , would n't let a damn thing happen to her .
hart had removed his kilt last thing , his smile wicked when eleanor realized he wore nothing under it .
a marriage is too nebulous a thing to guarantee . ''
a fire danced on a brick hearth of an old - fashioned fireplace , the most cheerful thing juliana had seen since entering the house .
trust me , much better for us to endure such a thing for a few hours than be talked about up and down the countryside .
the fact that elliot could kiss juliana any time he wished was a thing worth celebrating .
` ` i said that hamish has told me an extraordinary thing .
` ` mr . stacy said he was off to visit your husband at his plantation one day , to see how he fared after his ordeal , and the next thing we know , mr . stacy is missing , presumed dead .
the hospital had never had a shapeshifter give birth before and mine was a long and terrible thing .
the last thing i remember , simon , is a beautiful woman swinging a deadly vase at my head .
best thing that ever happened to an only child , dad marrying again and having more children . ''
the next thing violet knew , daniel was leading her out of the house , past the interested ladies who 'd stuck their heads out of the next room to watch them go .
his smile was the warmest thing violet had felt all night .
the most natural thing in the world . ''
daniel leaning to take her lip between his teeth had been the most natural thing in the world .
violet pinning him in place while she 'd lowered herself onto him had been the most erotic thing he 'd ever experienced .
beautiful violet sitting upright on the seat made the whole thing perfect .
so many things had happened between her finding daniel shot in the kitchen in montmartre and violet standing at the end of the crowded ballroom , guests turning expectantly as she walked in on cameron 's arm .
the next thing bertie knew , she was flat against the wall , her hands lifted over her head .
` ` thing is , i ' ve never been on a train , not that far anyway .
women enjoyed that sort of thing , but bertie looked as though she 'd swallowed a poker .
` ` what sort of thing ?
it 's the funniest thing . ''
` ` you looked worried after that newspaper thing , '' he said .
this hysterical thing you 're doing right now , that 's female .
this whole thing had started just yesterday morning , while patrick was packing up his car to return to the city after spending a couple of days at home .
he was surprised by how easily she joked about this kind of thing , when just yesterday his own dad had accused him of more or less the same thing - trying to escape - only he 'd done it with a look so dark and injured you would have thought peter had suggested making a permanent move to new guinea .
` ` but you were acting so fidgety and nervous about the car thing , it would ' ve been a shame to let something as stupid as giving a ride to a stray dog be the thing to get us in trouble . ''
` ` ... and you 'll drive back first thing tomorrow morning , and if you do n't think you can handle that , then dad and i will come down and pick you up ourselves . ''
` ` i ' m pretty sure he expected this sort of thing . ''
it was a look he 'd never seen from her before , confident as she was , and though he knew it was important to get moving , and though he knew there was no time for this kind of thing , he stood there for a moment anyway , just watching her .
as it turned out , being lost was n't the worst thing in the world .
` ` this is probably the biggest thing that 's ever happened here , '' quinn was saying , her eyes bright .
the whole thing was so disconcerting that graham had , for the most part , stopped going home at all .
` ` and the thing is , it was kind of not so bad . ''
` ` do n't be weird about this thing , okay ? ''
and the last thing he wanted was to be one of those celebrities who fancied themselves a scholar , making a halfhearted effort at being a normal college kid while being trailed by cameras and gawked at by classmates , missing finals to jet off and shoot an indie film in vancouver .
` ` think we could see that kind of thing again tomorrow ? ''
he knew there were actors who did this kind of thing all the time , and it would never occur to them to feel bad about the mess they 'd made or the manager who would have to clean it up , much less worry about the guy they hit .
` ` but the thing is , it 's not me they 're actually dreaming about , you know ?
it was a little bit like the taffy , this friendship of theirs ; you could stretch and pull and bend it all out of shape , but it was no easy thing to break it entirely .
but the thing with the photographer was n't really his fault .
as he walked from the makeup trailer over to where mick was waiting for him , graham glanced up at the sky , which was pale and pocked with birds , the whole thing like a negative of yesterday 's fireworks display .
` ` of course , '' she said , like it was the most natural thing in the world .
` ` we did n't catch a single thing until the last day . ''
and all of a sudden , she understood that it had happened , all of it ; that he 'd figured out a place to buy whoopie pies , had them sent to the lobster pot ; he must have talked it all out with joe ahead of time , orchestrated the whole thing so that she 'd bet the right way .
she 's spent the past few weeks secretly wishing this very thing might happen , though admittedly , her imagined scenarios have been a bit more dramatic : a massive airline strike ; an epic hailstorm ; an immobilizing case of the flu , or even the measles , that would prevent her from flying .
and then we started talking , and one thing led to another ... . '' hadley grins .
it 's an animated film about a family of ducks , one that hadley 's actually seen , and when oliver groans , she 's about to deny the whole thing .
beside her , oliver is craning his neck to read the signs for customs , already thinking about the next thing , already moving on .
the only thing worse than walking down the aisle would be to accidentally do it too early , wearing a wrinkled jean skirt and toting a red suitcase .
only this morning the wedding had seemed the worst possible thing in the world , but now she understands that there are far grimmer ceremonies , far worse things that can happen on any given day .
because this kind of thing '' -he jerks his chin in the direction of the church- '' this kind of thing is completely mad . ''
his eyes widened as their lips met , and the nearness of her made the world go blurry , until all at once , it was n't ; all at once , it came into focus again , and the clearest thing of all - the truest thing of all - was the girl right in front of him .
she never imagined the whole thing might just taper off entirely .
she rummaged through her bag for the camera , fussing with the settings before backing up a few steps to try to take in the whole thing all at once .
last thing i remembered , i took a few pills and zonked out .
they would n't feel a f**king thing .
the first thing i noticed was that she 'd changed into pajamas .
i opened my eyes slowly , as if i might find out i 'd imagined the whole thing if i dared to peek .
but this whole thing felt fake , as if it were a dream .
this certainly was n't the first time i 'd gone through this type of thing , and it would n't be the last .
the funny thing was she did n't even need watching .
` ` the thing is , i called a bunch of guys from my unit , and none of them have to go in .
` ` we can cancel this whole thing if you want .
i guess i had n't really thought about it much , but now it 's the only thing i can think about . ''
he made my name sound like a miracle or some amazing thing only he could have , and i did n't know what to say in reply .
chapter 4 one thing i knew with picture perfect clarity ?
chapter 11 the next morning , the first thing i noticed was the sun shining through the slats of the living room blinds .
the second thing i became aware of was the warm body pressed against mine .
` ` no , i have to report to duty first thing in the morning .
i knew one thing he did n't want from me .
this might be the most torturous thing i 'd ever put myself through , but it just might be the most pleasurable too .
finn 's face turned red , and then the next thing i knew , cory was on the ground .
the last thing i saw before the noise rose to a crescendo and my vision went black was the wolf 's fur being replaced by skin ... and the body of a naked man where the gray wolf had just been .
` ` that 's the scariest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' i replied , glad my voice was steady even though i was shaking inside .
i only knew it was the most real thing i 'd ever felt .
a blackened skull wrapped in a hideous pale cloak was the first thing i saw .
the last thing i saw were his eyes changing to blazing green as he rose and turned around .
the first thing i relived was an investigator finding this shard .
that was the last thing i saw before he sped away , reminding me of a large , charging lion .
i could n't seem to voice a complaint , though , and now the only thing i saw were large black spots .
the sudden thump of weight onto my shoulders was the most wonderful thing i 'd ever felt .
the last thing i remembered was seeing shrapnel hauled up by guards and vlad kneeling beside me .
but if you 're lying in an attempt to lead me into a trap ... '' he flashed one of those charming smiles that had been the last thing neddy and raziel had seen .
the sight of him restraining two struggling vampires was the last thing i saw before my vision went gray .
` ` i predicted the same thing myself . ''
that was the last thing i heard before everything went hazy and the exercise bench reared up to hit me in the face .
the first thing i saw was hunter and a young man with prematurely silver hair locked in a death match that lasted only long enough for me to grab the balcony rail and pull myself to my feet .
then he flung me backward so hard that the last thing i felt was a wall breaking behind me .
i went to clear the debris away ... and the next thing i knew , i woke up in a hospital . ''
another thing i was grateful for was that szi - lagyi was n't carving into marty anymore .
i ' ve relived every terrible thing that people - human and otherwise - do to each other , and though it broke me once , i came back stronger .
most incredible thing i ' ve ever felt . ''
he let her go , the one thing that opened up the possibility of kira exploring the draw she felt toward him , vampire or not , but then he 'd given every indication that he was n't coming back .
she blinked and tried again , but the same thing happened .
then when you let me go , which was the one thing that made it possible for me to act on what i felt toward you , you just vanished .
the only thing that would surprise me more was if you pulled out a rubber ducky . ''
spade walked in , and the first thing he 'd noticed had been a dark - haired woman , her head thrown back in laughter over something cat said .
i do n't know if it 's possible , at this sort of thing - ` ` something flashed across his face , too quick for her to translate .
and she 'd never know it had been the real thing once he was done mesmerizing her .
` ` just days ago , you were stuffing yourself full of garlic trying to prevent that very thing . ''
` ` you , too , '' she replied , and meant it , having forgiven him for the whole bound - and - gagged thing the prior week when raum came calling .
` ` why is that such an unreasonable thing for spade to understand ? ''
it was the sort of thing robert and i would have rolled our eyes at together .
` ` the thing is , judges at band contests are looking for this sort of old - school follow - through , so our majorette line gets terrific marks .
inside the car , the first thing carter said was , ` ` turn the radio down , max , would you ? ''
` ` thanks for planning the whole thing .
it was the weirdest thing i had ever seen .
` ` i was pretty much home for the entire thing , except when i was boarding .
as if a greeting like this from me were the most natural thing in the world .
` ` it 's probably a temporary thing .
finally i pulled adam away , swinging his hand like holding hands with him was n't the weirdest thing ever .
only i always felt guilty about being the least bit happy she was gone , even when this was the one good thing about it .
the best part of this , for the purpose of making sean 's blood boil , was that adam did it without comment , without expecting me to comment , as if it were the most natural thing in the world for him to act like my boyfriend .
i never heard of such a thing .
this was the hottest thing i 'd ever seen at school .
but brody and harper were so different from each other that i could n't think of a single thing they both might have won .
the next thing i knew , you were waking me up . ''
` ` that is an ugly thing to accuse me of . ''
if i 'd stepped away from him and acted embarrassed , we could have laughed off the whole thing like it had been a mistake .
or i would leap to the sidelines , eager to update her on the same thing .
the thing was , violet thought this was a magic portal .
` ` all right , then , '' she said , because she was used to this kind of thing from me .
it was his favorite thing to yell at grayson when he forgot to lock the hangar door or left a banner out in the rain .
` ` good thing you and alec are living apart this week , then .
patrick anticipating the same thing outside my trailer last night had n't been funny at all , probably because it had been a lot closer to the truth .
i 'd gotten used to seeing it every day and i just wanted that one thing to remember him . ''
` ` the only thing is , alec 's asking molly to the prom too , so it would be nice if you made up , and you could bring her with you . ''
natsuko most likely had made out with someone else this year and was used to this sort of thing .
martin grumbled , ` ` what kind of thing ? ''
` ` the other thing you do n't know about my partner is that whatever he may formerly have had of a brain , he 's fried with coke . ''
` ` i liked it better two nights ago , when there was a thing between us and i made you come anyway . ''
` ` you have to call off this thing with sarah , trying to make erin jealous , '' owen said .
they probably felt this thing in tuscaloosa .
* * * daniel blackstone was rolling his suitcase into his las vegas hotel room when he remembered he was supposed to call his father in new york first thing on arrival .
that was the last thing she remembered .
he snuck back into the room and set the paper next to her laptop , where she would see it first thing .
` ` that is the coolest thing ever . ''
the only sad thing was that she would n't leave for college for another year .
finally i got tired of the whole thing .
except that drew was still acting like the whole hand thing had n't happened .
the whole thing , the whole band is planned around morrow being there .
such a thing had never happened to herthe stable hands had told her she could hold her liquor admirably for a ladybut there was a first time for everything .
i had loved looking out my bedroom window first thing in the morning with the mist rising from the bluegrass , watching the yearlings race each other when nobody was betting , because that s what horses did .
the girl next to brian said the first line of my story was the funniest thing shed ever read .
the first thing i saw was summer and jrdis sitting cross - legged on jrdiss bed , cutting out pictures .
the second thing i saw was my green - sequined belly - dancing outfit hanging on the back of my door .
anytime i looked at hunter , the whole thing replayed in my head .
then this horrible thing happened to you and you stopped talking to me .
the one thing i had nt counted on was that at some point during the last few months , or the last week , or the last day , his feelings for me had turned real .
she took a deep breath to relax her nerves and clear her head after every horrible thing that had happened in the last five minutes .
what a thing to dwell on at a time like this , when he was suffering .
but the most surprising thing of all was that when he spoke , he used his man voice .
he had n't dreamed the whole thing , that was for sure .
i wondered if they would get drunk first thing , or if they would run down to the beach first , like i would have done .
and then , across from his bed , right where he could see it first thing when he woke up each morning ( or afternoon ) , was a large drawing of the bridge .
the only remarkable thing was john , still drop - dead gorgeous and hunky , but in a teenager 's clothes .
he stroked absently while he finished talking on the phone , as if setting my blood on fire were the most natural thing in the world .
the only bad thing that happened all week was that doug started pressing my buttons about my mother .
and that 's the last thing i remember .
first thing in the morning at my dad 's house , i always stepped out on my balcony to watch the ocean and breathe the air .
there 's still the whole thing i told you about .
` ` this thing with your mom .
the next thing i remembered , i was naked on my back and he was naked on top of me .
i blinked , and the next thing i recalled , i was squirming a hand between our bodies .
and then , when she was fifteen or sixteen , an odd thing happened .
and then a strange thing happened .
the only thing she really remembered was trying to revoke sam 's invitation , but before she could say the words , desmarais had worked some kind of vampire magic that left her incapable of speech .
he did remember one thing , though .
` ` there 's just one other little thing you might want to remember , '' thorne remarked .
the only good thing to come out of all this is that two more people want desmarais dead . ''
from time to time , sky wondered if her children would become vampires even though kaiden assured her that such a thing was next to impossible .
the next thing she knew , they were standing on the front porch of her house .
that 's the last thing i recall until i woke the next night .
the last thing she remembered was saintcrow 's mouth on hers , his fangs brushing her throat .
saintcrow shoved his hands in his pockets , bored with the whole thing .
the only thing chelsea and jeremy would remember was that they had met while in wyoming .
the next thing she knew , she was standing in saintcrow 's living room , wrapped in his arms .
` ` yeah , she took me into this big house and one thing led to another .
when he held his arm out toward her , it seemed like the most natural thing in the world to lower her head and drink .
the last thing they both remember is that you called to say you were spending some time in morgan creek with me and that they both approved . ''
it had seemed the most natural thing in the world to brush his lips across her cheek .
it was an awesome thing to watch , frightening yet fascinating to see the thick black pelt recede and become soft human flesh , to hear the pop and crackle of bones and muscles realigning themselves , until valaree stood before him , her long black hair falling down her bare back and over her shoulders .
he was aware of the miracle of such a thing even as the images unfolded in his mind .
it was believed that things begun in a taurus moon lasted longer ; things begun in gemini were easily changed by outside influences ; cancer was a time for growth and nurturing , a time to take care of domestic needs ; leo 's emphasis was on one 's self ; virgo focused on health .
it was believed that things begun in a taurus moon lasted longer ; things begun in gemini were easily changed by outside influences ; cancer was a time for growth and nurturing , a time to take care of domestic needs ; leo 's emphasis was on one 's self ; virgo focused on health .
mayhap she had imagined the whole thing .
for a time , she watched nothing but the news , completely astounded that she could watch things happening as they happened , not only in this place but on the other side of the world .
how could she have missed such a thing ?
in his heart , roshan was sure that such a thing was impossible , but what if he was wrong ?
the last thing she remembered was being in myra 's shop , drinking a toast ... brenna licked her lips .
he mulled that over for a time , wondering if the vampires were her parents , and if so , how such a thing could be possible .
as for keeping such a thing a secret , until she went to school , she 'd had no one to tell .
last night , he had dried her tears , and while he comforted her , one thing had led to another and they had made love , and it had been even more wonderful than the first time .
he had n't started wearing black until he 'd been made , and then it seemed like the most natural thing in the world .
she thought about vince and how few were the years they would have together compared to the hundreds of years her parents could expect to share , and suddenly being a vampire did n't seem like such a terrible thing , if the one you loved was a vampire , too .
the impossibility of such a thing filled him with a nameless anger .
it was a rare thing for one vampire to drink the blood of another , but in this instance , he heartily wished that brenna had refused cara 's offer .
she was the best thing that had ever happened to him , beautiful , forgiving , understanding , and kindhearted .
had vince been mortal , she would have thought she was pregnant , but such a thing was impossible .
watching cara expel the child from her womb , vince knew it was the most amazing thing he had ever seen .
after a few minutes , i went back to see if i could help , and the next thing i knew , i was chatting with the women as if we were all old friends .
it seemed like the most natural thing in the world when he wrapped his arm around my waist and drew me close .
i nodded in agreement , though i was somewhat shocked to learn that a woman of edna 's age would notice such a thing , and more surprised that they knew i was seeing rafe .
i said , completely confident that such a thing would never happen .
i must have dozed off , because the next thing i knew , rafe was shaking me gently .
that was the most amazing thing of all .
i was wondering what was going on in susie 's house when the strangest thing happened .
` ` hmm , a one - on - one kind of thing , where you do n't date anyone else ? ''
but one thing i knew for sure .
it was an awesome thing to see .
if cagin 's clothing had n't been scattered on the ground , i might have thought i imagined the whole thing .
i must have dozed off , because the next thing i knew , rafe was shaking my shoulder , pressing a glass of orange juice to my lips , insisting i drink .
it wo n't be the first time such a thing has happened . ''
the next thing i knew , he was running , or maybe flying , through the night , so fast that , to my mortal eyes , the world was nothing but a blur .
i had never done anything like it before , had never dreamed of such a thing , but now , with rafe watching , it came as naturally as breathing .
` ` a rare thing indeed . ''
` ` told you they 'd wind up together , '' he said , and the next thing i knew , we were at rafe 's house , in rafe 's bed .
except for the blood thing , their lives did n't seem much different than anyone else 's .
the last thing she remembered ... oh , lord , the last thing she remembered was watching santoro the magnificent transform into a large black wolf .
had she imagined the whole thing ?
it had been a scary thing to see .
the only thing the books did n't explain was how one gained the courage to take stake and mallet in hand and get started .
tears burned the backs of her eyes and the next thing she knew , she was sobbing .
when i asked her to tell me what she was hiding , having her go all vampire on me was the last thing i expected . ''
there 's nothing about this kind of thing in doctor spock . ''
it was the most miraculous thing he had ever experienced .
one thing he had never expected was to run into one of her fledglings .
had they pursued it , they might have eventually come up with a serum to restore humanity to the vampires and the werewolves , although he doubted such a thing was possible .
it 's a hard thing , learning that your own mother did n't want you . ''
it did n't matter that sheree 's parents and friends told her there was no such thing .
pearl had fully intended to avenge her grandson 's death , but , what with one thing or another , it had never happened .
she had dismissed it as some sort of hormone thing when he was a teenager , some crazy aberration because he was half human .
but then a strange thing happened .
the hardest thing i ever did was admit that i needed him , '' she said , smiling .
his gaze softened and the next thing she knew , she was in his arms .
` ` they saw the whole thing . ''
` ` it 's a terrible thing to do to someone , '' logan remarked .
she willed herself to go higher , and the next thing she knew , she was hovering near the ceiling .
the last thing i remember is someone grabbing me from behind and injecting me with something . ''
it took a minute for my eyes to adjust , but the first thing i saw was a guy running in after a tiny redhead who i assumed was the source of the scream .
i know the whole gerard - essence thing is supposed to be natural , but it 's also weird .
the next thing i knew , my room was dark , and uncle monty was in the doorway asking what kind of pizza i wanted .
the last thing i remembered before waking up was looking down and realizing i was wearing a long blue dress instead of pajamas .
this is the most natural thing ever .
you have been treating me as a prisoner , and you did n't try to release me from that thing , that thing that hurt worse than being burned . ''
i did n't usually notice that sort of thing , but his were bright white and perfectly straight .
it 's the kind of thing i need to prepare for ? ''
` ` how about i book you a flight for first thing tomorrow morning ? ''
` ` okay , i 'll get it to you first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` it 's the same thing .
it was n't a huge deal , but it was probably the only awkward thing between us .
we 'd done it on a whim one day when he first moved in , and it had become a semi - regular thing for us .
this was not the kind of thing that ever happened to me - at least not when i was awake .
the next thing i knew , he stood buck naked in front of me .
this was a one - time thing . ''
that was n't exactly true , but colt was a one - time thing .
i did , but it was just a one night thing .
that 's usually an all - night thing . ''
` ` i always get the same thing . ''
he kissed me on the cheek like it was the most natural thing ever .
the funny thing was , i 'd pushed both of them to start dating kappas .
` ` you 're acting like it was a one time thing .
i interviewed maddox and got him to talk about the girl he 's looking for and we 're going to make it a thing .
` ` it seemed to go over well with maddox , so we decided to make it a thing . ''
` ` chase was supposed to invite me to this family vacation thing in may . ''
meeting you was the single best thing that 's happened to me , and if my song did n't make this clear already , i ' m never giving up on you - on us .
the only thing that could have made it better would have been if glen could have joined us , but he had to work .
great , just another thing to feel guilty about .
the effect had to be the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen - the colors of the sunrise spilling in the window and onto her naked body - her perfect , naked body .
bill kept my hand as we strolled out into the yard , full of the smell of new - mown grass and budding things .
as if it was the most normal thing in the world , bill began running his fingers through my hair , spreading it out on my shoulders .
i 'd worked hard never to think of him , and here i thought of him , and the next thing i heard , he was dead .
the first thing i noticed was that local folks were really pissed off at the vampires who nested in monroe .
some people , it 's just like listening to a radio , i can hear every little thing .
` ` usually these things go in cycles , '' bud rumbled .
the next thing i knew , it was dawn .
the next thing i knew was that i hurt all over .
the last thing i registered was eric 's face moving closer , and it seemed to me he winked .
you were sent here by your brother to ask me to listen in on people 's thoughts when they 're in the bar , so i can find out about this orgy thing lafayette went to . ''
* * * the next thing i knew , i was hanging upside down in my seat belt .
bill kissed me , a very satisfying kiss , and that was the last thing i remembered .
and if i get them thinking about a certain thing , and pick their brains , then we can get out of there . ''
this is a rare thing , but not as rare as it used to be .
i am not one of these frail gals who keels over at every little thing , but i felt i was justified right now .
the vampire changed the music from some heavy metal thing to sarah mclachlan 's ` ` good enough , '' which is slow , but with a beat .
what with one thing and another , i was in the little bathroom for a while .
but i decided that was n't really a great thing to think about .
just as i was disengaging from the embrace and giving her a happy pat on the back , i realized that seeing tara was the worst thing that could have happened .
in our innocence , tara and i had planned our routine almost like pairs figure skating , so we were touching ( or very near ) during the whole thing .
the next thing i knew i was on my feet , walking away from the table .
the next thing i knew , i was awake .
in fact , that was the last easy thing i encountered .
so what with one thing and another , they recruited a bunch of us to help . ''
bill was indifferent to jerry 's fate , and pam thought the whole thing was funny .
` ` though i had never heard of such a thing , and i ca n't be held responsible . ''
the next thing i knew , it was morning and the phone was ringing .
still role - playing , you notice , even in her agony : ` ` tell our chieftain we fought to the death '' - you know the kind of thing .
your call is the best thing that 's happened to me all day ! ''
` ` you think that eric staged this whole thing ?
the second thing i saw was the poster with the headshot of eric .
the next thing i knew , the water was off and he was drying me with a fluffy white towel , and i was rubbing him with another one .
` ` you know , she saved my life , and she 's apparently helping us out on this witch thing , '' i reminded them .
` ` they got a big ritual spell thing set up for tonight .
i 'd unbuttoned his coat and his flannel shirt , and as i looked at his chest to mark the progression of his bleeding , i saw an amazing thing .
the only possible line he could take was to say the last thing he remembered , he 'd heard a funny noise outside while he was entertaining crystal , and when he 'd gone to investigate , he 'd been hit on the head .
the next thing i knew , i was on the couch and eric was beside me .
her boyfriend had gotten a kick out of the whole thing .
` ` i wonder if you engineered this whole thing . ''
` ` i never heard of such a thing , '' amelia said .
probably the last thing the japanese had expected when they 'd developed synthetic blood was that its availability would bring vampires out of the realm of legend and into the light of fact .
a smile from terry was a rare thing , and it warmed me .
that 's the kind of thing i need to keep track of , i babbled to myself .
the last thing i expected - though frankly , i was way beyond consciously expecting anything - was for charles to call to me .
i had n't foreseen such a thing , but then , i 'd never foreseen anything that had happened to me in the past year .
it occurred to me that patrick furnan might be devious and clever enough to have engineered the whole thing - bribing the spurned connie to steal jackson 's private papers , then ensuring she was caught - knowing that jackson would react with a hot head .
some supernatural thing . ''
the last thing i saw in my rearview mirror was patrick furnan sliding his helmet on , still watching my retreating car .
i had to turn my attention back to the truly important thing happening in this building .
chapter 2 it was close to closing time the next night when another odd thing happened .
callie said , as if she 'd never heard of such a thing .
the next thing i knew , arlene was wending her way through the crowd to me .
so between one thing and another , i do okay . ''
i 'd never heard tell of such a thing .
after all , the worst thing has already happened , right ? ''
that 's why amelia is having this ecto thing tonight . ''
finding out about bill 's massive deception was not the worst thing that had ever happened to me .
` ` do i actually have to go with you to this conference thing ? ''
then i thought what a shabby thing that would be to do to her .
the scariest thing i ' ve ever seen ... well , it was n't batanya .
` ` sure thing , '' joe said , wrenching his gaze from the young iowan , who was just barely visible over on the other side of the cavernous space .
` ` i would n't have rather died than get bit by andre , but it was a close thing . ''
any humiliation would be a small thing to pay if we could save someone .
but a big piece of ceiling fell on him , and the floor went out from beneath us , and the next thing i knew , some firemen are telling me some crazy woman found me while i was still alive , and they 're giving me all kinds of tests , and quinn 's telling me he was going to take care of me until i was well .
how could i be happy that tara had gotten married and yet remember such a thing - not with horror , but with a savage sense of pleasure ?
being raised in the little werepanther community of hotshot was not an easy thing , and would be even harder for kids who were n't pure .
he handed me a business card , another thing i did n't anticipate .
i have to go to work tonight , and i ' m so utterly on the edge of this thing that i ' m sure they wo n't try again .
that was an eerie thing to picture .
make a thing of it . ''
` ` that 's another thing i ' ve never heard of .
among friends my own age , even grandfathers were not a sure thing , much less great - grandfathers .
` ` you and tray are getting to be a regular thing . ''
` ` you - all want your kids around this kind of thing ? ''
` ` our kids have always been around this kind of thing , '' holly said equally loudly .
when they found out what the limits of my talent were , they 'd take me places where awful things had happened so i could find survivors .
i did know one other thing , and i could n't believe i 'd forgotten it even momentarily .
` ` the weirdest thing happened this morning .
` ` oh , one thing , another .
his eyes widened at the wonder of the thing .
he smiled and laughed nervously , as if trying to pass the whole thing off as a bad joke .
oddest thing .
the next thing he knew , he 'd backed her up against the car .
it was night , but because of the midnight sun thing that happened in the far north , it was n't dark out at all .
if this was just extraordinary sex or some sandm thing he was too naive to understand , he would feel foolish .
that was the first wrong thing .
this was the thing the nuns had warned us about .
a little necking with a pirate might be just the thing to wrap up my vacation .
i 'd lain out yesterday , and not a thing had happened .
` ` the thing with bob '' was amelia 's way of referring to accidentally turning her lover into a cat .
gq missed a good thing when eric decided his talents lay in building a business empire rather than modeling .
i went through the same thing .
then the next night the same thing had happened again , this time to a kid of nineteen who wore different gang colors .
i was just looking for a one - night thing , but her stopping by my place and calling me all the time is getting annoying .
preston was drunk off of keg beer , and the whole thing lasted less than a few minutes before he passed out on top of me .
we ate dinner and were watching a movie , and the next thing i knew , i was waking up with my head in his lap .
` ` we need to skip this whole thing tonight , '' he says as he approaches me and slowly slides his hands from my neck to my shoulders down my arms .
` ` the thing with jack happened in the back lot of ryan 's bar .
meeting ryan and falling in love was the last thing i ever expected .
` ` just hanging out , '' he says as if this is a normal thing for him to be here while i ' m out .
she 's gon na feel like shit when she wakes up today , but seeing her drunk was about the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` shit , you ' ve got your hands full , '' i laugh , and the next thing i hear is traci as she says , ` ` ryan ?
because - here 's the thing a lot of people forget about teenagers - sometimes they just do stupid things .
first thing saturday morning , we step over the threshold together into our apartment .
and she 's moaning ... chanting ... it 's a beautiful thing .
and it 's the sexiest f**king thing i have ever seen .
` ` god , me too ... '' ` ` i ' m ... '' the next thing i know , dee pulls out of my grasp and shoves me on my ass in her haste to run down the hall .
mickey dying was the saddest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life , you bastard . ''
the only thing that could make it worse would be if the engagement ring was to get stolen by a sticky - fingered nurse or random homeless person .
the only thing that would make it better is if i could return the favor .
funniest f**king thing ever .
` ` and do n't go making a habit out of this falling - apart thing , '' i chastise .
then , the most improbable thing happens .
and i grew up with dee - dee - if there 's one thing i know how to do , it 's take a beating . ''
warren had a valid point about the wedding thing .
i ' m pretty sure it 's the funniest goddamn thing i ' ve ever seen .
my body is strung tight with anticipation , and every single thing kate does just makes me want to f**k her that much more .
at first , it was a beer here and there , but then it turned into an every - night thing .
the only thing i have ever regretted is losing contact with my father , but part of me felt like if i were important to him , he would have gotten into contact with me .
yes , it was a horrible thing that happened to you , but luckily it was n't as bad as it could have been . ''
` ` true , '' i agree ; lilly is the best thing to happen to jax and cash .
i must ' ve fallen asleep , because the next thing i know , the doorbell is going off , causing me to jump .
just the whole jumping - on - the - bed thing was a little much , '' i say , flushing the toilet before taking the washcloth out of her hand and bringing it to my mouth .
' that 's one thing i do n't miss .
i do n't want a big thing ; i do n't really have anyone i would invite besides maggie and devon .
` ` yeah , and the same thing happened with- '' he starts to say her name but stops , and his arms around me tighten so much that the air rushes out of my lungs .
i swear , if i would have blinked , i would have missed the whole thing .
i wonder how the hell this kind of thing keeps happening to me .
the thing i want you to prepare yourself for is what else is on this tape . ''
when i pull up in front of the house , the first thing i notice is kenton 's car parked out front .
i wake up slowly and take notice that i do n't feel the warmth of kenton behind me , and i open my eyes , wondering if i dreamt the whole thing .
` ` the whole thing does n't even feel real . ''
this whole thing feels surreal to me .
` ` um ... the thing is ... she pulled my hair , so then i smacked her , and she smacked me back . ''
i look sid over , and the first thing i notice is how put together he is .
` ` funny thing is , about a week after they brought me home , they found out my mom was pregnant , so i have a younger sister . ''
the whole thing feels surreal .
my eyes close completely , and my only thought is that this is the thing i ' ve been looking for .
merry made a sound that might have been a squeak , and the next thing surreal heard was the woman clattering down the stairs .
guess that did n't sit well with falonar because the next thing i knew , he tossed a sparring stick to rainier and started the moves .
i gathered that 's a shameful thing for an eyrien male to feel .
she did n't want him to break a confidence , but she 'd seen the same thing that he had during the workouts over the past couple of days : the eyrien males around riada seemed to be dividing between two leaders instead of understanding that there was one leader and his second - in - command .
he laughed , but he said , ` ` do that again , and the only thing you 'll get is a cold shower . ''
the sun was n't up , he was barely awake , and he already had one female snarling at him and the other prepared to keep jumping on him until he saw whatever wonderful thing she wanted to show him .
` ` frankly , i ' m not sure either one of us could have stayed awake through the whole thing if we 'd tried . ''
she took another sip , then remembered the last thing she 'd seen before the world had gone dark .
at least one good thing had come from kermilla 's visit : theran was too preoccupied withher to pay attention to the fact that cassidy was reaching out to the other queens in dena nehele .
he 'd listened to the elders and tradition keepers , answered questions about things they had heard about the rose queen - and assured them that he , shalador 's only adult warlord prince , had heard cassidy give shalador 's heart back to the people .
` ` did trae tell you about the dreadful thing that happened in town today ? ''
` ` next thing she 'll be wanting sex again . ''
please arrange to have a carriage for me first thing tomorrow morning to take me to the landing web .
first thing in the morning , last thing at night , and every hour in between , she looks just fine . ''
first thing in the morning , last thing at night , and every hour in between , she looks just fine . ''
` ` and judging by the reaction when you first came here , that 's not going to be an easy thing to be openly .
but she thought her use of protocol had pulled him out of the dream - memory , because the next thing he said was , ` ` cassie ? ''
which left him to deal with his wife , who was not the friendliest person first thing in the morning .
such an extraordinary thing to come from tersa because it was so ordinary .
swipe a finger in the dust - or even better , have one of the landen boys write his name in the dust - and the next thing that appeared was the words ` ` hello , prey . ''
the next thing she knew , a cab pulled up , she was bundled into it , and the high lord was giving instructions to take them to the clothing shops .
and that would be the worst thing of all .
` ` i do remember one thing .
three people doing the same spell will create the same thing , but how much power they have to use and the potency of the spell will depend on their jewel strength . ''
then blaed walked over to polli and said something to her , and the next thing you know , she had her back to the wall and she was screaming that she did n't have to spread her legs , it was her moontime , and she did n't have to spread her legs during her moontime .
` ` and you slept through the whole thing .
` ` they 're trained for this kind of thing . ''
last thing i saw before i went down was lady lia running toward that boulder and garth swinging that damn broken axle like a club . ''
the prickling started between jared 's shoulder blades as two things struck him : wine was n't usually served in a place like this , and all the men were standing or sitting on this side of the room , as if no one wanted to get too close to that table .
the next thing she knew , she was standing in the great hall , staring at a firmly closed door .
the last thing he was fully aware of was the mist thickening and swirling up around him until there was nothing else .
the only thing they could n't anticipate was a harpy catching a trace of his true psychic scent .
one minute he had been carefully explaining about the sentries and the perimeter stakes that would alert the guards , and the next thing she knew , she was tied up and he was purring threats about how she should have stayed under falonar and stayed out of his way .
that thing in the prison hut is n't lucivar , it 's some kind of illusion .
she would have liked to have found out more about this memory thing , but she was more intrigued by the fact that tersa seemed too calm and undisturbed - and also a little angry .
the next thing he knew he was sitting up with andulvar supporting him and char kneeling in front of him .
the last thing jaenelle needed right now was being jolted awake by a jhinka hunting party 's surprise attack .
the next thing he knew , something was pressed against his lips and blood was filling his mouth .
` ` an uncut jewel is a rare thing , little sister , '' titian said , removing something from the box .
a black widow who stood on the edge of the twisted kingdom could see the true face behind whatever mask a person wore ; she could draw memories from wood and stone to know what happened in a place ; she could see warnings about things to come .
when he stumbled into his own room long after dawn , the first thing he noticed was that his bed had been fussed with .
really big thing .
we had bryan come to the house and check things out , increased the security system , that kind of thing . ''
i remember being out back with you , and then ... bollocks , that 's the last thing i remember . ''
` ` i wish i could tell you this kind of thing wo n't happen again , but it will , grace . ''
i saw adam near the bar , watching the entire thing , and i dug in my designer heels .
i did n't have time to follow that train of thought any further because the next thing i knew , jack turned around to face lane and saw all of us watching .
the most wonderful thing about the article ?
do n't they know that having someone as famous and fabulous as jack hamilton in their stupid comedy club is the best thing that could happen to them ? ?
but then it became a regular thing , and my god , do you know what it 's like to have people just bend over backward to get things for you ?
i ' ve never done this before - had a relationship with someone who lives across the country while i ' m going through the biggest thing professionally i ' ve ever , or probably will ever , go through .
this was truly the most exciting thing he 'd ever gone through , and when he told me how nervous he was , or how much it freaked him out when everyone screamed at him , i simply reminded him this was awesome .
` ` this is the single most amazing thing that 's ever happened to me .
` ` is it crazy that i want to skip this whole thing and go back to your place ? ''
next thing you know you 'll be portly pepperpot redhead .
one night , one thing led to another , and , well , i went home with someone .
i think coming clean with jack about it all - even though my way of coping was a little too dramatic even for my taste - was the best thing that could have happened to us .
holly laughed and said , ` ` oh , sweetie , jack is the hottest thing to hit this town in a while .
gracie i must have fallen asleep , because the next thing i knew i was being cradled to a warm chest and kissed repeatedly .
` ` look , guys , no one 's happier than me about this weird little thing you guys got going on .
the timing of this whole thing is crap .
looking back , i wish i could tell you there was one particular thing that tipped the scales and made me run away from my wedding .
` ` the funny thing is , i think he 'd still have gone through with it .
` ` we 're going to go back there first thing tomorrow morning and get this worked out .
people think that kind of thing only happened in old movies , but it happened in my dining room .
` ` what i ' m thinking about right now is the same thing i ' ve been thinking about since you showed up in this town , blushing in that mirror over the bar . ''
` ` this whole thing feels unreal . ''
his hands grew more rough on my hips , taking what he needed , using my body for his pleasure , and oh my god , was that a fantastic thing to witness .
he did it again , and the same thing happened .
for the record , this kind of thing never happens to me ; i ' m usually very good at the flirting .
was n't the worst thing that could happen .
except for this one thing .
that 's not what i meant , and you know that- '' ` ` that kind of thing does n't just happen , simon .
a bowl of pho on a chilly evening was the best thing ever .
` ` but that 's the thing : he did n't just kiss someone , he kissed an ex - girlfriend .
and the funniest thing happened .
` ` blech - worst thing ever is living through a renovation .
` ` well , it was the funniest thing , '' he started , climbing down off the ladder and setting down his belt sander .
i had this whole thing planned out , and i think if you'd- '' ` ` simon , there 's a brand new - car in the driveway with a red bow on it !
the next thing i knew , he 'd wiggled me right out of my coordinating panties .
text between simon and caroline : so i got invited to the tahoe thing .
the next thing i heard was a knock on the door .
but i did have a good time with him , and maybe it would n't be the worst thing in the world for us to start back up again .
he laughed like this was the funniest thing ever .
it 's quite a different thing to be we - ing back home , in the real world .
pure pleasure shot through me , pulsing and slicing , filling me up as i shook and shimmied on top of simon , who hung on through the entire thing .
the only thing we did n't count on was me falling head of heels for the target , '' he says with a wink .
there is one good thing about that phone call ; at least i now have some idea what lawrence was calling me about .
` ` cheeky thing tonight , are n't ya ?
leah and roger james walking into that foster home turned out to be the best thing that could ' ve ever happened to me .
i ' ve always loved his voice first thing in the morning .
i want to follow through with whatever this thing is that 's happening between us .
shay told me that harry brimstone is in the area , but the last thing i expect is to find him inside elle 's apartment when she opens her door .
` ` dude , we 're supposed to keep an eye out for this type of thing .
there are lots of things i ca n't tell her right now , but that is the one thing that i can control .
` ` just this brimstone thing , sweetheart , i ca n't stop thinking about how he threatened you , '' he says sullenly .
he could be connected to brimstone or evans , or it could be totally unrelated to the whole thing , '' i add , thinking out loud .
the only good thing has been that the creepy guy in the black honda has n't been back .
this night has just been one weird thing after another .
this is the kind of thing that happens to other people , never me .
she wanted this just as much if not more than i did , and f**k , if that was n't the sexiest thing i 'd seen in a long time .
at least one good thing came from this morning .
the thing is , i never realized how much i was settling until i saw sam again .
the next thing i did wrong was standing up as i was taught to do when debra excused herself to use the restroom .
she leans into me , her body relaxing into mine as if it 's the most natural thing in the world for us to be dancing together .
the only thing to make it better would be for her to be naked and awake , writhing beneath me .
` ` see , mister lawyer man , here 's the thing .
i just do n't want to be another thing you regret in the morning .
her tongue darts out and wets her lips , and my eyes watch the innocent movement as if it 's the most intriguing thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
` ` that was the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen .
and that is the last thing that i remember .
` ` holy shit , mac , that is the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` you sure we have to go to this thing tonight ?
because if you 're not willing to take a leap with him , even if he might ' ve been the best damn thing to happen to you , then i ' m not gon na let you mope around and watch life pass you by like last time . ''
the elevator doors reopen on daniel 's floor , and i stumble out , quickly finding his door and knocking quietly , giggling like it 's the funniest thing ever .
that 's the last thing i remember until i wake up in daniel 's bed a few hours later .
i may be a little shocked , but this is without a doubt the second best thing to ever happen to me in my life . ''
you know , country mouse in gotham , that kind of thing . ''
` ` this is the most beautiful thing i have ever seen in my life .
` ` while we 're contemplating your parents ' possibly secret identities , what are we going to do about this note thing ? ''
all of a sudden , a maiden walks into a field or some such thing , and she expects to see a horse there .
her telling me about her adventures was one thing .
i mean , the whole thing was only barely believable , but in the context in which i was currently working - and having shot magic from my fingertips - it was comforting .
use a transmogrify spell like you did on that frankenstein thing last year .
our evening adventures were one thing .
i ' m not sure what specific thing had brought them together - although i assumed the youngest mercier had been targeted by a reaper and that scout had helped .
you just did n't see that kind of thing every day .
despite years of being a teenager and months of being an adept , there in the middle of scout 's room was probably the strangest thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` it was the strangest thing . ''
but this whole ` ` campbell '' thing was a coincidence , was n't it ?
` ` i feel like the first thing that goes on there should be pretty significant , you know ?
` ` here 's the thing , tom .
` ` you 're right - they need to talk , if for no other reason than the timing of this thing .
we 'll have parties , barbecues , that kind of thing . ''
the arms and shoulders were segmented to give me some freedom of movement , a handy thing when i 'd need , at some point in the future , to swing a sword around .
that was n't the only strange thing .
but i could do one thing ... ` ` listen , mallory starts her sorcery internship on sunday , so we 're having a kickoff dinner thing tomorrow night .
that was just the kind of thing that got her attention .
even if we called someone in , without more evidence of what went on , the only thing to come from further investigation would be bad press for us . ''
it was also a place to hide out - to disappear to when things got rowdy ... or when vampires got into trouble .
` ` i know this is n't the kind of thing you normally sign up for .
` ` i 'll meet you first thing in the sparring room . ''
that loss was its own painful , nearly tangible thing .
i was almost embarrassed to look at ethan , the thing that had passed between us in the midst of the attack too personal to acknowledge in front of strangers .
just the thing the shifters wanted to avoid .
we wrap up the game and our meeting , and the next thing you know ... '' the next thing you know , chicago 's finest walk in the door .
we wrap up the game and our meeting , and the next thing you know ... '' the next thing you know , chicago 's finest walk in the door .
he let us know the cpd 's testing it for gunpowder residue , that kind of thing . ''
i was going to donate it to this charity thing my mom was involved in .
he glanced up at me , humor in his eyes , and for a moment i saw the thing that had attracted me to morgan in the first place .
big reunions , barbecues , that kind of thing . ''
` ` it was quite a thing to witness . ''
` ` well , he was n't thrilled about the disruption , but i think he was more amused by the whole thing . ''
humans volunteering to dabble in the dark was one thing .
if it took cops to shut this thing down , we 'd be swimming in bad press and right back in the mayor 's office - assuming tate had n't already issued ethan 's warrant .
i ' m not sure that 's the kind of thing testosterone - laced vamps would even enjoy . ''
` ` same thing you saw at the rave ? ''
it was just the kind of thing she 'd have enjoyed .
and then one thing led to another ... ... '' the blade clean , i resheathed the sword again .
` ` one thing led to you making out with a newbie vampire ? ''
` ` this thing with connor - was it a fling ?
` ` oh , just another thing for you to criticize me about , huh , bob ?
` ` at the risk of sounding incredibly egotistical , i am the best thing that 's happened to this city in a long time . ''
` ` same thing happened to the chicago river , at least as far as the city limits .
not that the gp would advertise that kind of thing .
the narrowing of her eyes was the last thing i saw before the pil ow smacked me in the face .
and i smel ed the same thing . ''
we found simon and mal ory together in an aisle with smal tools - hammers , screwdrivers , that kind of thing .
it was an amazing thing to behold , and i was ashamed i 'd doubted him and assumed he was any less of a soldier because of his stature .
that was just the kind of thing the red guard needed to be prepared for .
each time something surprised me , i was pretty sure it was the last surprising thing i 'd see for a while .
no such thing wil be alowed . ''
` ` after al the shit you two have been through - al those months of fighting and driving the rest of us crazy - this is the thing he gets freaked - out about ?
` ` lots of places for things to go wrong , '' catcher agreed .
` ` i did n't even know there was such a thing . ''
what was the best thing to eat when you were trying not to think about the murder you could n't solve ?
` ` here 's the ironic thing , '' i said .
first thing tomorrow night , check out the facility and see what you can find out .
` ` that such a thing could even be possible ... , '' my mother mused .
` ` perhaps we can tie him to these riots , and this will be the thing that brings him down .
what 's the worst thing that can happen ? ''
` ` oh shit , '' luc muttered , apparently anticipating the same thing i was .
` ` so the drive - by thing , '' margot said .
` ` assuming such a thing is possible , '' i said , ` ` why is n't it affecting us ? ''
` ` that 's a miserable thing to discover . ''
let 's get downstairs and get ready for this thing . ''
the orgasm went on and on , and he ate me through the entire thing .
he reached beneath me and i recoiled , his hands on me was the most disgusting thing i 'd ever experienced .
i heard craig ordering the cameraman not to miss a thing , and i heard the grunts of pain from the man who was trying to rape me .
the next thing i knew , my alarm was chirping at me .
meeting in my office first thing tomorrow . ''
perhaps it was a one - time thing .
i thought back to the last thing i remembered , and a sharp pain pierced my skull .
we got up and drove first thing this morning . ''
probably the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
the next thing i knew i was going to be a guest on the dr . phil show titled : ` ` when bad boys happen to good girls . ''
i knew her mind was trying to process this shitty , unexpected thing that happened .
in my eyes , there was no such thing as bad sex .
the first thing i did was sweep the space with my eyes , and my arm went to my back , reaching for my gun .
the last thing i saw was him literally throwing himself into the air at me .
` ` there 's this thing called vacation ... '' i smiled .
the next thing i knew i was being pulled up from the floor and forced toward the stairwell .
shutting the door silently behind me , i stepped farther into the room , my eyes taking in everything but really only wanting to see one thing .
was this a normal thing ?
the first thing i thought was that he was going to wrinkle the suit he was wearing .
the action must have seemed foreign to her as well because she woke immediately and , judging from the way her body tensed , our little sleeping position was not a regular kind of thing .
my touch turned not so gentle and the next thing i knew , i was yanking her forward to cover her mouth with mine .
the last thing i saw was charlotte being forced into the back of the car , and the last thing i heard was her screaming my name .
the last thing i saw was charlotte being forced into the back of the car , and the last thing i heard was her screaming my name .
tell me you did n't schedule sex with him one day a week , like it was one more thing to cross off your to - do list . ''
she was the best thing that ever happened to me .
i flipped off the bathroom light and stepped into the bedroom , my stomach doing that funny flip - flopping thing again .
i should know more when they bring in susan for questioning first thing in the morning . ''
the next thing i knew i was standing in the center of the hole .
the last thing i saw was the stupid new york times paper fluttering to the floor as kiki and i plunged disastrously toward the floor .
you 're going to feel every single thing i do to you and then you 're going to beg me not to stop . ''
but nash ... he made being possessed sound like the most satisfying thing ever .
the last thing i wanted was for nash to happen to see duke with his hands on me again , helping me down .
the next thing i knew , my top was gone and i was lying flat against the hammock as he stared down at me with passion - laden eyes .
` ` ha , '' i said , feeling my stomach do this weird flippy thing every time he smiled .
` ` i think it was just a random thing .
if i was n't sitting here with holt and feeling the constant nagging of painful burns , i might have been able to convince myself i 'd imagined the whole thing .
a buzzing sound filled my head , the only thing i heard as passion built inside me .
she let out an outraged wail and the next thing i knew riley was lifted off his feet and pinned against the roof of the porch .
1 ) kimber told him and planned this whole thing or 2 ) beelzebub hijacked this poor guy 's body and was about to kidnap or try to kill me .
i wondered about the last thing they saw .
the first thing i noticed was that he was barefoot and his toenails were painted pink .
i stared out the windshield , my mind not focusing on any one thing .
his eyes did that flashing thing again , which was actually kind of unsettling , but then he scooped me up and pressed me against him , practically squeezing all the air from my lungs .
there was a swirling , black sort of tide pool thing that circled around the demon holding me .
the next thing i knew , it shot across the room , its long snakelike body following behind it .
these things were spectacular , but they were n't the most wonderful thing i could see .
chapter sixteen heven the heat was the most intense thing i have ever experienced .
an odd thing to hate for sure , but with a line out the door and me as the only one working , every time someone uttered the word ' shake , ' i cringed .
the next thing i knew , i was completely shifted and completely willing to murder .
chapter seven heven there was one good thing to come out of almost drowning : time alone with sam .
the only thing i could find was the demon , slowly dragging me into the depths of the lake .
the next thing i knew , sam was leaping out the window with me in his arms , landing in the darkened yard .
executions , gladiatorial combats and classical mythology drama were just a few of the things that the walls of this place had seen .
to know that beyond this horrible thing there was something good .
would the same thing happen to me ?
` ` you know , i ' m pretty tired of this thing , '' i said , taking a step closer to the fire pit .
the next thing i knew , gemma had released him and was coming toward me .
` ` i 'll see you first thing at school , '' he told me .
it was exactly the kind of thing i was looking for .
next thing i knew there was a perfect , lightly - brown marshmallow in front of me .
when i opened my eyes the first thing i saw was the stars .
it seemed like a silly thing to me .
minutes or hours could have passed , but the next thing i knew i was at the hospital .
the worst thing was that heven had seen it - seen what i was capable of .
that only meant one thing : riley had an agenda of his own .
i 'd never noticed such a thing before .
` ` funny thing , '' he said , stepping close .
he smiled that charming smile , kissed me dizzy , and the next thing i knew i was riding shotgun in the hellcat on the way to the haunted house .
` ` the scariest thing you 'll see in there is someone getting it on in the corner because they think no one can see . ''
the last thing i wanted him to see was that i actually liked his car .
i was out driving and the next thing i knew i was here .
the next thing i knew i was standing on her doorstep , hoping she would let me in .
the next thing i knew i was standing in her doorway , peering into her dark room at the bed , wondering if she was asleep yet .
the next thing i knew , my tank was gone and the only thing between us was the lace panties i was starting to hate .
` ` next thing i knew i was in his office .
i was no shrinking violet , but there were some things not even the strongest of people should have to endure .
of all things , that was the last thing i expected to happen to me today .
i stood there , stupefied , staring at the wall , wondering if i 'd imagined the entire thing .
i wanted to erase it so the only thing between us was the beating of our hearts and the barrier of our skin .
the last thing i remembered was waving down a patrol vehicle and them rushing to help .
being recalled was the worst thing i could ever imagine .
the first thing she realized was that she 'd left her tent behind ; then the path .
but the chains had made the whole aftermath worse because he 'd felt her humiliation , which then triggered a sense of guilt about the whole damn thing .
say it out loud so that i know we 're talking about the same thing , that i ' m not just imagining this . ''
the one thing she knew for certain , however , was that adrien could n't have faked his obvious love for jean - luc .
the last thing he 'd expected was alfonse encouraging him to explore a true bonding with lily , the kind that for alfonse had led to marriage to giselle .
the next thing she knew she was falling toward the blackness below .
i ' ve also heard that the same thing happened with other labs , other weapons , so there might be more than one .
rumy called out and the next thing adrien knew , he was being lifted up by several pairs of hands .
i mean kiernan let me talk to him once , but these men have such resources at their command i thought maybe he 'd faked the whole thing .
the next thing i knew , the vampires were in my room .
he made himself a promise that as soon as he brought starlin down , he 'd start destroying clubs like this one until they were all gone and slavery was a thing of the past in his world .
she held a hand up as though to ward him off , but as she thought back on everything that had happened , one thing really did n't make sense to her .
he looked away because as always , he was drawn to her , but not a damn thing could come of getting close to the woman right now .
one thing led to another until he asked , ` ` think you can wait for your meal a little longer ? ''
as for sweet dove , he thought he understood her , that the last thing she 'd ever believe was that he 'd want her destruction .
he remained connected to her for a long time , just looking at her , trying to understand how this miraculous thing had happened .
he barely held back a serious shout of pain , but the last thing he wanted was for sweet dove to gain even a moment of pleasure from hurting him .
then he understood two things : sweet dove had removed their single - bonding blood - chains , and she 'd given angelica to engles .
the first thing she noticed was that someone had taken her shoes off .
` ` here 's the thing , claire .
the next thing she knew , she was flying backward .
the last thing they 'll be expecting is that the object of their lust will be the prime reason they 'll get caught in the trap . ''
he looked down and watched the same thing low as he thrust inside her .
but the last thing she 'd expected , when rumy had given her the first blood - chain to wear , was that she 'd fall so hard for a vampire .
she 'd stopped eating , not a good thing for a human .
you need to die , and the great thing is that because you share the blood - chains with claire , she dies with you . ''
the meal he ate with her was a quiet thing .
it seemed so normal a thing to accept a glass from lily - like talking the day 's events over with a girlfriend .
he 'd been working out in his basement , thank the creator , when the whole thing had begun : the tingling down his leg followed a few minutes later by a transformation that bulked up his muscles an impossible forty pounds and increased his height another two inches .
i never thought to see such a thing happen .
the last thing he 'd expected was for grace to become so jealous that she 'd actually had to leave the games .
the one good thing that has come of it is that i was able to serve as a militia warrior , something thorne fought against my whole life .
but i have to say that despite the horror of that battle , given all the wonderful things that followed , i would n't change a thing .
but the amazing thing is you , grace .
thanks to a thing called ` ` tweets '' that marcus and his breh , havily , formulated on her behalf , endelle was enjoying a surge in popularity .
i mean we 're filming the damn thing and putting it on the web for the whole world to see .
but then in life , there rarely is such a thing as an opportune moment .
dying blood was a glorious thing .
he did n't have an answer right now , but one thing he knew for certain : once he got back to second earth , once he was assured of marguerite 's safety , his working relationship with endelle had to change .
this thing ... this vision you just endured lasted at least ten minutes . ''
alison served as her executive assistant and now thorne had one more thing to feel guilty about : that he 'd brought trouble down on alison 's head .
in this one thing , he could admire stannett : that he 'd attempted in recent years to create a super - race of seers out at the superstition fortress .
the first thing he did was lose the helmet , sending it in a whirling sideways spin across the smooth black tile of the stage floor , a trick that for some reason made the women go wild .
as thorne closed the door , he knew one thing .
but one thing he knew to be true - the mist would move again .
the last thing he needed to see or hear was his sister offering up her blood to leto .
the next thing i knew , my skin felt like i 'd been torched and i jumped out of bed .
thorne was beginning this whole weird thing .
marguerite thought the whole thing fascinating , but mostly she could understand why the women had reached for his hair .
the next thing she knew , havily dropped to the carpet next to grace and offered her wrist to leto .
first thing tomorrow morning , greaves 's massive military review would take place , morning in phoenix but thirteen hours later in moscow .
` ` for that whole thing , being trapped like you were , your blood harvested like some kind of farm animal .
in fact , she would have tuned out the whole damn thing except thorne had looked at fiona and his expression had been ... guilty as hell .
the next thing he knew he was spinning around and falling , his head just missing thorne 's booted foot .
then the most impossible thing of all happened : tears trailed down endelle 's face .
then he did the most terrible thing : he began moving his thumb into her mouth then pulling back in a slow , deep rhythm .
as it was , she had the worst feeling that the thing she had feared the most had finally come upon her .
it was the easiest , most natural thing in the world to fall into that arm and let him pull her against his big warm body .
nothing happened , not a goddam thing .
in terms of drama , the whole thing was amazing .
it all happened so fast and the next thing i knew i was plunging a dagger into his stomach .
* * * the next thing parisa knew , she was on the grass , her cheek cool against the carefully cut blades .
it was a beautiful thing to behold - especially to see medichi caught , because he never allowed himself to love .
` ` you think he saw the whole damn thing ? ''
the whole thing lasted a good long minute .
the next thing parisa knew , she stood in the middle of a rotunda , the one where she 'd had her ascension ceremony .
the rattling of her cart got really loud , and the next thing parisa knew her other arm was being strapped down to another board .
she could n't imagine what he was thinking , but she seriously doubted he considered their dating to be the best thing that had ever happened to him .
` ` the funny thing is , i ' ve been to a lot of funerals , deaths of my brothers - in - arms , and i ' ve learned to grieve , to adjust , to move on .
then his tongue found her and she cried out at the sheer , intense pleasure and it was n't just that it was an oral touch but , dammit , it was gideon , and he knew her body , and she treasured him and trusted him and the ropes made the whole damn thing so hot .
before gideon could blink , two of his comrades had him by his arms and he was flying through nether - space , the image of the death vamp sinking his fangs into elise 's pale throat the last thing he saw .
the next morning , the first thing gideon did , well , thesecond thing gideon did , was to take elise to see the white lake resort colony .
i ' ve never heard of such a thing .
` ` has there ever been such a thing ? ''
she was embarrassed by the memory , not because of what he 'd done but because instead of retreating , she 'd kept her special vision open and had watched the whole thing from start to finish .
the last thing he remembered , she was in the shower .
* * * the only thing that ever really wearied greaves was the moment a servant rebeled .
when endelle just lifted a brow then shut the door in her face , it took havily a few seconds to realize exactly what her supremeness had meant by the whole thing and just how seriously havily had erred .
during the painful days that followed , grief had stolen her heart utterly and completely she marveled only at one thing , that eighty - five years later she had actually allowed eric into her life .
wedding kerrick for me was the only thing i have wanted in the past thousand years .
the funny thing was , she did n't seem all that upset .
the worst possible thing had befallen him in having been assigned to guard parisa lovejoy until she completed her rite of ascension , which , if he understood , still had n't started , which meant that he could n't even say he had to do this for only three more days .
i think this whole thing has been staged as a diversion . ''
marcus met his gaze but he saw in the warrior 's eyes the same thing he knew .
his body seemed to know this woman , a side effect of the breh - hedden , because holding her like this was the most normal thing in the world .
the next thing she knew , alison 's hands were on her face .
somehow this was the funniest thing in the world to her , and she started to laugh .
she lifted an arm and the next thing havily knew , the entire group was on medichi 's front lawn beneath the ever - present dome of mist .
the funny thing was , kerrick joined him , on his knees , alison as well .
her mind eased away and the next thing she knew she sat on the third step of the cement stairs , alone .
the other half were working up to the same thing and the women ... were loving it .
she panted and gasped , unable to believe that this wonderful thing had happened .
the last thing he heard was medichi 's voice crying out , ` ` it must be the goddamn breh - hedden .
when he finally woke up for good , the first thing he realized was that he was in a fully aroused state and the woman lay partially on top of him .
he called two of his strongest trolls and the next thing she knew , the men caught her beneath her arms and flew her to quinlan .
but there 's one thing i know for sure . ''
the next thing she knew , the vampires grappled midair , two of the toughest mastyrs in the nine realms .
that 's when the whole thing had started .
how had this extraordinary thing happened - a woman in his bed at long last , covered in furs , and writhing to the feel of his lips , his tongue , his fangs .
he wore leather pants and a black tee , his guard uniform clearly a thing of the past .
he tried something similar , just a focused release and the same thing happened , a kind of unfurling of his frequency and a slow , peaceful , almost satisfied , separation .
must be a frequency thing , your faeness , maybe . ''
she wrapped him up in her arms , or at least as much of the vampire as she could reach , savoring his muscled , warrior 's body and letting herself enjoy the extraordinary thing that had just happened .
quinlan grinned , a rare thing for him .
and samantha could relate except for one thing : andrea never spoke of an ancient fae entity interfering with her , or muddling her mind .
the same thing happened to his entire guard up and down the ridge .
this is n't a simple thing that 's going on .
` ` my brother has this big corporate party thing and i promised i would go .
` ` just dashing off this thing to nate . ''
and damned if she did n't feel a little gleeful about the whole thing .
because the absolute only thing wrong with nate , that she could see , was that he was mortal .
` ` the thing is that gregor had been a vampire for a long time , but he was turned back to mortal recently .
she stabbed him through the heart with a wooden stake , and the only thing that saved him was kelsey 's intervention .
i mean , you did that whole weird staring thing and i told you my name even though i did n't want to , and then i had this bizarre feeling that you were hurt and so i went out into the alley and you were in my head .
you people walk around and act like you 're normal , and the next thing we know , we 're in bed with a vampire . ''
but her chest was still front facing , and while the whole thing was probably spine breaking , seamus buried a hand in her glossy thick hair , wrapped his fingers around and around , and poundedhimself to a finish .
alexis looked at kelsey , still a little confused and uneasy about the whole thing .
` ` it was a reception kind of thing with a bunch of stuffed - shirt types running around in tuxedos . ''
note to self : ask ethan for details on this whole dead thing . ''
and maybe you should tell me everything there is to know about this undead thing , so i have all the facts before i decide whether to tell brittany or not . ''
i really think this thing we ' ve set up with tyler is going to help her confidence . ''
i was standing on the front porch waiting for her and i saw the whole thing .
` ` and honestly , that 's the hottest thing ever .
next thing i know he 's patting me down and searching my car .
closing my eyes quickly , i heard him deposit the air freshener next to my cell phone on the chair next to the bed so that it would clearly spray me when i reached for my phone first thing .
i would knock out the painting today , then first thing tomorrow i would be able to accessory shop , which would be the real fun .
and i have this thing where i ca n't sit on my ass and watch a girl laboring on my behalf .
robin was at her parents ' house for church and a sunday dinner thing .
it was so utterly unromantic that i grinned , feeling much better about the whole thing .
` ` the only thing that would have been better would have been if she had tackled him .
no , the thing is my number is actually slightly higher than yours . ''
the other thing i noticed was that she seemed as totally lonely as i was .
this was it , the real thing , the end of the line for me , the moment that made everything else that came before it unimportant .
yet like it could maybe be a really fun thing for phoenix and me as a couple .
it took the pressure off a whole candles / cake - cutting thing where everyone would be looking at me .
the last thing i remember is going to the keg for another drink .
i was starting to worry that was a permanent thing , that weird little jitter to my fingers .
ironically , something that would have given me a heart attack back in high school now seemed like the least horrible thing to have happening .
rory nodded , but jessica looked sketch about the whole thing .
fortunately , no one seemed to notice because they were making plans for a big family vacation , a three - generation kind of thing , the following summer .
hey , remember that night we were studying and one thing led to another ?
seeing that about my parents written in front of me on the screen just before i hit send , like it was a positive thing to tell her , hit me hard .
i was never going to forget , and i likely would always hold a tiny bit of resentment , but maybe in the end , robin 's drunken f**kup had been the best thing that could have ever happened to me .
holy shit , it 's the hottest thing ever . ''
that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever seen and i have sex with my boyfriend on a waterbed , so that 's saying a lot . ''
the only thing that would be better would be if you had a uniform .
the last thing he was aware of was enthusiastically dancing the cupid shuffle at his buddy saxon 's wedding , then ... nothing .
the only thing worse is new orleans in july and august . ''
he turned to go back to the kitchen , and that was the last thing he remembered .
being in a sex swing with his happy jack swinging in the breeze was not the worst thing he 'd ever experienced .
` ` same thing here , '' stella said , her voice gravely .
` ` but um , well , the thing is ... we seemed to be reenacting a vampire bite . ''
it was the hottest thing he 'd ever seen .
my mom had an m thing going there for some reason .
and the thing was , it was like i ' ve known for a long time i could n't have children , but in that moment it hit me like a ton of bricks .
it was the hottest thing he 'd ever seen , all that red against the pale , smooth white of her vampire flesh , her normally red lips stained even darker , a gruesome eroticism that only a vampire would understand .
the ironic thing was , for once he did n't have an angle , nor was he joking around .
` ` there is such a thing as just dating , getting to know each other .
and that was the last thing stella remembered that night .
and that was the last thing wyatt remembered that night .
` ` that 's the last thing i remember , too , '' drake said as he strode back into the room , with a wineglass filled with blood .
the last thing i remember was leaving work .
the whole thing made stella 's head spin .
not a good thing to lose track of . ''
and not with that damned bird singing barry white throughout the whole thing . ''
` ` cuz he 's been digging on you for a long time and it 's like a vulnerable thing for a dude to go there with his fantasy chick .
but i ' m so very glad we had this time together , and the only thing i regret is that it has to end . ''
` ` well , hell , that 's the best damn thing that could have happened to damien . ''
drew pulled his key out of the bag thing hanging in front of his junk and opened the door to his apartment .
it was the most shocking thing she 'd ever seen , the position haughty and erotic , showing a woman who was confident in what she wanted , and ready to receive it .
the only thing you 're interrupting is me waiting to die , and most days that 's damn boring . ''
it 's not a pretty thing . ''
the first thing she saw made her jump back into the middle of the boat .
when she walked into gabriel 's bedroom , the first thing she saw was an oblong red streak of blood on the outside of his window .
it was a very random thing . ''
i just had a weird thing happen .
` ` well , here 's the thing .
that was probably the most disturbing thing sara had seen yet , and she eased back , clinging to the tomb next to her , wanting more space between her and raphael .
and if she had just had an allergic reaction to something , how could she have dreamed about the very same thing ?
the only thing he 'd seen so far was the fedex guy deliver a package and regan return home with a blond man in a red golf shirt .
she had given in , abandoned herself to the kiss , the moment , to him , and felix found that the hottest f**king thing he had ever seen , felt , known in his life .
she wanted to suck him , and that was the hottest damn thing he 'd ever experienced .
other than that , the whole thing was miserable and frustrating .
is n't that an odd thing for him to ask ? ''
` ` that was possibly the best thing that 's ever happened to me , '' i said , feeling sassy , enjoying the ability to be fully naked with him .
` ` because , the thing is , when i heard that man , that motherfucker , say his wife was replaceable , i wanted to put a bullet through his black heart .
i had never owned a pet and i had given myself a ten minute online crash course on the labrador breed and their needs first thing when i 'd woken up .
` ` it was just a casual thing , '' devin said , waving his hand .
funny thing is , she was trying to destroy your jeep .
the really incredible thing was that he knew shelby was n't making this stuff up .
` ` and i ' m not waiting around for the whole thing . ''
next thing jessie knew , he had her up in the air in a big bear hug .
danny gripped her shoulder and felt the damnedest thing .
and she has to have some kind of dress or capri pants for eating out in restaurants , going to weddings , vacations , that sort of thing . ''
one that made her chest do that funny tingle thing again , and her thong suddenly seem a little too invasive .
` ` oh my god , that 's the freakiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` funny thing about the hawks ... my nephew owen got married two years ago to a real piece of work .
piper had gotten bored with the whole thing about six hours earlier and had been playing in danny 's room .
of course , first thing , he said he was leaving work , which i did n't think about . ''
wondering if there was a her and danny , or if she had somehow imagined the whole thing .
` ` oh , honey , that 's a beautiful thing . ''
it was n't a bad thing to grow up in a small town .
` ` what 's the craziest thing you ' ve ever seen ? ''
as she squatted down beside him , brady thought that it would be a very wonderful thing to be loved by a woman as compassionate as piper .
* * * ` ` oh , my god , i 'll call a cleaning service first thing tomorrow . ''
it was a thing they were having for three weeks .
the thing is , it 's really me who is insecure .
how could she explain the flying thing ?
` ` the thing is that i ' m here now and that i ' m safe . ''
` ` this is the strangest thing i ' ve seen in all my years , '' the nurse said , taking off her gloves .
in pennsylvania she would have never of dreamed of such a thing .
` ` no , she came and flew me away and the last thing i remember was , well , i do n't remember .
looking through the mirror , i see the one thing i hoped to avoid .
the door of the house opens , and the first thing i notice is that his brown hair is the same as always , still spiked to hide the waves he hates so much .
my eyes snap open again , and the last thing i remember is lying by the lake with reese ...
` ` the worst thing is that i ' m waiting for you to turn around and walk away right now .
what a thing to drop into a conversation with your daughter .
the first thing i see when we get there is stacy draped over adam making it clear their relationship is official .
i know you had that thing last summer , but pheobe told me all about her .
it 's a beautiful thing to watch .
` ` is that a regular thing ? ''
i tell her i surfed successfully three times , but leave out the whole crazy heart beating thing that happened before i actually stood on the board .
she still holds a grudge against bing because of the prawn thing . ''
it 's definitely a weekly thing here .
` ` but the thing is , dad , is it 's a big thing , and we need to be prepared .
` ` the head - butting thing was an accident . ''
it 's too hard - and it is n't the only thing .
other than a few text exchanges , we have n't spoken since the whole ' here , touch my ass , it does n't bite ' thing two days ago .
and the sad thing is , is that i know this .
` ` was the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
i try it again and the same thing happens .
` ` i ' m pretty sure i would n't have a problem with us making them a regular thing . ''
` ` because god knows kissing you is the only thing that shuts up that smart mouth of yours . ''
i do n't want to want her , but i fucking do , and there is n't a single thing i can do to stop it .
three days of this back - and - forth thing with conner is driving me mad .
except they should be there last thing at night and every damn minute in between , too .
` ` it 's not really an ' in ' thing in brooklyn , funnily enough . ''
always one thing , just the one thing i see .
we only had the ladder because we had to go to some work thing with our parents , and they did n't want us to be covered in scrapes and grazes .
because i ' m looking for any little thing that will show me the shift is attraction .
this was fear - of that exact thing happening .
` ` it 's not an easy thing to listen to , '' i warn her .
my parents were supposed to come this weekend but dad had a work thing come up so they canceled .
chapter twenty - three - megan ` ` are you telling me i could be standing here all day and not catch a thing ? ''
plus we usually do a thing with braden 's family , but he wo n't be there this year . ''
same old response , same old thing every single time her name is mentioned .
and , if i ' m honest , blake is about the hottest thing that 's appeared in my life since my aunt dropped half a pack of chili powder in her chili con carne .
she disappears through the doors , leaving me staring after her and hoping for the same thing .
` ` it 's the best thing ever .
and the worst thing , the thing that haunts me the most is i see her holding her ballet shoes to her chest .
` ` that 's the last thing i remember , '' i whisper , turning my face so my ear is over blake 's heart .
of course he 'd be here - i knew he was coming home yesterday , so he would make cam his first stop first thing .
the only thing that could is her coming to me , not the other way around .
well , one good thing has come from this - if i do end up going home with jackson tonight , it 's one less obstacle in the way .
saturday , two o'clock , dayton 's photo thing .
even now , six hours after waking up , i can remember the dreams as vividly as i remember the real thing .
with ross , my ` ` ex , '' it was a common thing .
tyler will tear you apart until the only thing you can do is admit how you feel while the tears roll down your face . ''
` ` do you know you do this thing where one minute you really like me then the next you 're bitching at me like you 're at the height of your period and someone stole all the chocolate ? ''
my body is wound so tight with the anticipation of the dream release that it 's now expecting the real thing .
i do n't know why i ' m admitting it to you , but i ' m afraid of the thing he wants . ''
until the only thing that matters is easing the hollow ache inside .
i 'll sit here , jealousy and anger and possibly a little hatred building inside me , and i 'll watch the whole damn thing .
it 's a funny thing , that . ''
that 's the sad thing .
i ' m irrational and constantly looking for the thing to sate the insatiable .
it 's only carmen dallas , the hottest thing this side of america . ''
if there were such a thing as snogging ice cream , you 'd be doing that right now , '' tessa muses .
` ` first , you know me better than that and i thought i knew you better because the last thing i would expect is for you to insult me like that . ''
still , she would try , because the last thing she wanted was to say good - bye with tears or anger .
maybe a part of her believed she deserved any and every bad thing that came her way as retribution for the pain she 'd caused her family .
but she 'd known one thing for certain .
that he would scoop her up naked in his arms and check out if her honey - toned skin was an allover thing or a tan ?
he would n't have said anything at all , except he 'd been hanging out with her and with harley , and the next thing he 'd known , he was spilling his guts .
the next thing he 'd known , he was spilling his guts .
jose had witnessed the whole thing go down .
the next thing she 'd known , he was renting an airboat and they were driving deep into the everglades .
the next thing i remember , i woke up in a battlefield hospital ward . ''
i am the best thing to happen to you , and you are making the biggest mistake of your life in being too afraid to admit it . ''
` ` lucky thing , harris calling in on his own and sending the data he 'd collected .
` ` first thing tomorrow , '' he promised .
next thing he 'd known , he was hauling his ass up a twenty - foot oak .
the only thing franco avoided more than commitment was kids .
it was such an everyday thing , taking off a shirt , but this was hugh , bronzed and defined , with a tattoo across his left pec , some kind of musical scroll that made her curious .
the turmoil behind her eyes built , swelling with the sheen of tears , the last thing he would have expected from her .
she had to contribute , to help put a stop to the horrible thing that had been planned right under her very nose for god only knew how long .
touching him , angling into the kiss was beginning to become such a natural thing ... a squeal sounded behind them .
first thing tomorrow , we need to take another look at ricky vasquez 's house . ''
that burst of light , the flash , the last thing he remembered before his memory blanked and the shell hit his house ... the picture would keep her focused today .
it would be the worst thing david could imagine .
he hauled her close to his side , shielding her as they raced to the front of the cottage , scanning the grounds , searching every olive tree and not finding a thing out of the ordinary .
this latest killing would send the whole thing national , inviting copycats from all over everywhere .
` ` there 's one thing i know for sure . ''
it 's a thing we do .
whoever did this moved fast and professionally , because i did n't hear a thing go down , and believe me , i was listening . ''
` ` with don , it 's kinda like that tree falling in a forest thing .
he was spoiling for a fight from the minute he arrived , so i ' m not surprised he instigated the thing , just disappointed . ''
but one thing he did know for certain .
lewis had actually set up the whole thing to see if brody would take a used cell phone .
` ` look at how you ' ve reacted to every good thing that 's happened between us . ''
what had his first instructor taught him to do when this sort of thing happened ?
next thing he knew , jimmy called out to chloe , ` ` if you 're really serious about protecting yourself when no one 's around , i can teach you some basic self - defense moves . ''
that 's a rare thing . ''
she slid her hand to his back and tucked her body to his side as if it was the most natural thing in the world to share his burdens .
her mouth met his and confirmed that the attraction , the draw he 'd felt when they 'd kissed earlier , had n't been a one - time thing .
the grin rick had n't even realized spread across his face dug deeper until next thing he knew he was laughing so hard his legs gave out from under him and he fell on his ass in the iron chair again .
` ` thing is , you have stayed in the car .
she brought the milk shake to her mouth again and sucked , the creamy drink flooding her senses - and apparently her savoring driving rick more than a little crazy because the next thing she knew he 'd snatched her glass from her .
she 'd fought hard to escape ramon chavez , a narrow thing a year ago when she 'd been in top condition , and now she could barely walk after the scorpion sting .
what an odd thing to notice , but then she had reason to be in shock .
next thing he 'd known , he was looking at the bottom of an empty shot glass , then another , more following until .. .he could n't remember more than spotty flashes of tangling naked with her in the sheets .
i had to drop off my dad at some church meeting thing so i could use the truck . ''
but i ' m certain of one thing . ''
what an odd thing to notice now as they charged up the walkway to the arched side entrance .
no matter what our problems were , losing you was the worst thing that ever happened to me . ''
i saw the whole thing and shee - it .
still she searched , wondering what more she would read , and found the last thing she expected ... understanding .
just good old - fashioned fun that does n't have to lead to a damn thing . ''
the same thing even happened when both you and i were watching her at the air show . ''
he was busting his ass trying to collar drug runners to stop that very thing from happening to other people .
next thing he knew , he 'd be watching the fashion network and whipping out a credit card for a fuchsia scarf .
` ` thing is , i know some of us spit fire because tears are just too damn silly looking .
so you had a thing going once ?
` ` i 'll be in your office first thing tomorrow morning after i settle them in . ''
another thing to change about his life .
we may have made mistakes , you and i , but knowing you was the best damned thing that ever happened to me . ''
she wanted to tell him no , but the thing was , as much as she did n't want to be pregnant , she was .
the most freaking unfair thing he could imagine , this woman not having her arms and heart full of babies .
a rare thing for him , a welcome - home scenario , and yet he 'd become too accustomed to it in a few short weeks .
next thing i knew , i had 'em all mixed up .
darcy keyed in the computerized shift ... and over the space of twenty minutes , watched the same damned thing happen again .
i 'll buy that day - bed for the computer room first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` first thing tomorrow morning , i 'll talk to the base chaplain .
he clenched and unclenched his fist as if that might adjust the fit , as if that might make the whole thing more real .
one good thing out of the whole rotten day .
being with julia had been like one of his harley rides , the closest thing to flying on the ground .
that 's the one thing i ca n't take , having a husband lie to me again . ''
first thing monday morning , he would park himself in the wing commander 's office and request a year 's deferment of his air war college slot .
the next thing she 'd know , this clown would be asking her if she preferred waffles or pancakes for breakfast .
but , if he did n't try , he would definitely lose out on the best thing ever to happen to him .
chalk it up to the whole crazy hormone thing we have going and leave it at that .
` ` first thing in the morning , we 're going to leave through conrad 's private entrance .
this genetic lottery thing ... '' he tapped his temple .
chapter three first thing monday morning , molly visited her father .
` ` that 's an awful thing to do to your own child . ''
losing your mom was an awful thing that should n't happen to any kid . ''
today she had the perfect thing to talk about .
parties are n't really my favorite thing to do but everyone seemed to have a good time . ''
i had a hard time falling asleep and once i did , next thing i remember was digger barking and licking my face .
understanding thing did n't leave lacey feeling charitable toward the older man even if she did n't know him at all .
molly 's tone grew even more wary if such a thing were possible .
` ` hottest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he tells me with a grin .
next thing i know , i ' m settled into the seat , buckled in , and we 're on our way .
until he learns boundaries , i do n't see such a thing happening .
if such a thing was possible .
` ` i just want to go over some things at home and we can meet first thing monday morning and discuss strategy , '' she said .
not because he wanted to sleep with her again , but because she had to learn that passion between two people could be a wonderful thing .
the world had shifted beneath her feet and she hated the unsteady sensation that left her wondering what jarring thing would come next .
kevin paced the floor of janine 's apartment and wondered how the hell he 'd managed to screw up the only good thing to happen to him in this lifetime .
the pregnancy that had changed her life , taken away her education , and made her rely on kevin was the one thing in the last couple of months she could n't regret .
do n't you know a good thing when you see it ? ''
` ` not a blessed thing . ''
the thought frightened her , because it was the very thing she 'd promised herself would not happen .
lauren and i were an occasional , when - it - was - convenient thing . ''
and he hoped that was the most interesting thing that happened to him for the rest of the week .
` ` and it 's a beautiful thing to see , '' sam said with a shake of his head and loud laughter .
next thing she knew ... dead silence .
one thing led to another and ... we had a one - night stand . ''
she was n't just a volunteer ; she 'd founded the thing .
first thing he realized ?
` ` first thing tomorrow morning .
next thing she knew , he 'd pulled her against him and sealed his lips over hers .
much as she hated to admit it , she 'd woken up in sam 's arms , wishing for this very thing .
next thing i know , you 're focused on her and leaving me - without a ride home .
not that she 'd know of such a thing .
seems like you 're going through the same thing .
but he 'd turned out to be the best thing ever to happen to his kid sister .
next thing you know , boom .
first thing in the morning he 'd call in a favor and have a detective pal put a tail on her during the day .
the incredible thing is , she knew all about my lifestyle and what i could and could n't afford when she married me .
and the next thing she knew jake had snapped a pair of handcuffs around her wrist and shackled her other hand to the chair .
` ` it 's just that i obviously planned this , but it 's not an everyday thing for me .
first thing tomorrow , i 'll go on down and ask some questions while you 're at work .
not home last night , not home first thing this morning , out all afternoon .
there was nothing he could do about his predicament now , but first thing tomorrow he 'd attempt to dig himself out of this mess of lies .
next thing i knew she 'd hired me for the garden gala . ''
she blinked and the next thing she saw was logan 's beachfront cottage .
one good thing that had come out of this fiasco was emma 's new - found grace , dignity and respect for his private life .
she was so out of practice at this sort of thing it was n't funny .
but the one thing i wo n't miss in life is a family event because those happen only once .
` ` the sad thing is , i wish i did n't remember them either , '' she said , fighting to speak over the lump in her throat and the tears threatening to fall .
* * * liza did n't know what was worse : her brother humiliating himself in front of the entire town , her unsuccessful and equally embarrassing attempt to stop him , or the fact that dare had witnessed the entire thing .
` ` no , anyone i ' ve seen is in the city and to be honest , it 's just an occasional thing that has no strings , no expectations . ''
she was n't usually bold , but he made it easy , and the next thing liza knew , she was opening the packet while dare quickly stripped off his clothes and rejoined her , sliding beside her on the mattress .
and the scary thing was he could n't say he would n't do it again .
and really , since she all but anticipated their relationship to end sooner rather than later , was n't it better that he obviously expected the same thing as well ?
next thing dare knew , he 'd taken an endless ambulance ride to the er , where tess was taken away .
they were drinking , one thing led to another , one guy threw a punch and hit stuart rossman .
next thing he knew , nash 's fist connected with his brother 's jaw .
joe 's voice was calm and steady , and she forced herself to talk about the thing that had changed her life .
the last thing she 'd expected was her mother to show up now .
one thing led to another and he slept with her .
he lifted his head and looked into her eyes , dying for exactly the same thing .
next thing i knew i ended up here . ''
all nick and i had was a high school thing .
` ` the cool thing is , my markings and the older ones are all part of the rich history of this place . ''
first thing tomorrow i can arrange for a bed to be delivered same day .
knowing he 'd spent nights beating himself up , wondering the same thing would n't make a difference to either of them .
ethan had already called the man first thing this morning , and he 'd agreed to meet him back at the house later this afternoon to set up whatever items ethan purchased .
first thing next week , the old wallpaper would come down and faith 's vision for the house would begin , starting with fresh paint and new paper .
next thing he knew , he was spinning out of control , losing himself inside her .
` ` you know , i think that kelly 's dropping tess on your doorstep was the best thing that ever happened to either one of you ? ''
shitty thing for your father to drag you down in the mud along with him . ''
he drove away , certain of one thing .
` ` that was the strangest thing , '' she said aloud .
` ` that 's when i learned there 's no such thing . ''
i stayed by her through the whole ordeal , but she never forgave me for not dropping out of the race and preventing the whole thing . ''
in fact , first thing tomorrow , he was getting holly her own cell phone with a limited calling plan so he could get in touch with her whenever he wanted .
and if this is a onetime thing because you miss her , that 's fine .
juliette , we wo n't get to you today , but we can shoot you first thing tomorrow if that works .
and though he knew nothing could come of this , he found himself wishing they had time for something more , some thing real and lasting .
and gabrielle , a successful author , had returned to prove to mike 's stubborn cousin there was no such thing as a curse - just coincidence and bad choices .
first thing tomorrow morning , she 'd have to find out if anyone had recently requested information on amber rose at city hall .
the connection between these two was the strangest thing he 'd ever seen .
mike had seen the same thing in marshall 's eyes back in vegas .
and if he had n't , how was such a thing possible ?
she could use some , if such a thing was possible .
if annabelle had n't experienced their intimacy first hand , she 'd think she 'd imagined the whole thing .
stare or have a thing , i mean . ''
next thing annabelle knew , vaughn let boris snuggle into his chest as he cradled him in his arms .
i love you and i do n't want to see you screw up the best thing to happen to you .
first thing tomorrow she was informing her sisters that this stud muffin was officially annabelle 's ex - client and could be shuffled to the new pr person the hot zone had yet to hire .
` ` i realize annabelle 's just doing her job and the autism camp 's a yearly thing , but i do n't want her overbooking the team 's pr appearances .
was there a thing between them he did n't know about ?
she took in the picture and her skin turned paler , if such a thing were possible .
if it makes you happy , you can leave first thing tomorrow .
` ` i might buy that excuse if you had n't been champing at the bit to leave here , if not today then first thing tomorrow .
one thing he did know with unqualified certainty -- he did n't want to spend the rest of his life saddled with carole as his wife .
` ` well here 's the thing .
` ` looks to me like you did n't recognize a good thing when it was starin ' you in the face ` ` yank said .
but yank 's not bright enough to know a good thing when he 's got one , '' spencer said with a laugh .
it just was n't an accepted thing back then . ''
the pathetic thing was , they 'd probably be more than willing .
the next thing she knew , he 'd shifted her forward .
` ` a little jerry maguire thing going on ? ''
he sends her flowers , shows up to take her to lunch , that kind of thing . ''
if riley did n't know better , he 'd think the senator had orchestrated the entire thing , isolating riley and precluding a conversation of any kind .
just like sophie jordan would n't step out of her comfortable controlled world to take a chance on what might be the greatest thing that ever happened to her . ''
i did n't know there was such a thing . ''
` ` first thing tomorrow i ' m going to have all your mail forwarded to the hot zone .
after a while , though , a funny thing happened .
she handed amy a can of coke and grabbed one for herself , another thing that surprised amy .
if i call a guy friend just because i need a shoulder to cry on , the next thing i know i ' m reading about how we 're an item .
` ` and the other thing ? ''
next thing she knew , roper had pulled her over and positioned her on one of them , in the most vulnerable way she could imagine , legs spread wide , waiting , just for him .
` ` next thing you know , they evacuate the plane and corral everyone into one area , except for us .
this is the one thing we do n't miss back home - you killing our fun . ''
` ` i know how you feel about this kind of thing and i ' m sorry , '' he said .
she was mentally spent , and the last thing she expected to find was her mother and her aunt cooking up a storm in her kitchen .
i realized that even if we 'd been caught at the lodge , what 's the worst thing that could have happened ? ''
next thing , she 'd be handing me a book .
when katie was done with my hair , i leaned back on a pillow and closed my eyes , only intending to shut things out for a moment , but the next thing i knew , i was waking to the sound of voices .
will whispered , wonder in his eyes , as if he 'd thought such a thing was impossible .
zan and i do n't really do the anniversary thing , so other than birthdays , this is the only thing we celebrate . ''
` ` well , the sexy thing you could get a gold bikini and do your hair in the leia buns .
next thing you 'll tell me that if you 're a bird , will is a bird . ''
i understood them being upset about me partying and that sort of thing , but just because i was n't getting straight a 's anymore , that was a reason to have a coronary ?
* * * ` ` at the risk of sounding like i ' m asking you out , do you want to come to this thing i ' m going to this weekend ? ''
the only thing i could think of was that i 'd never performed onstage , at least not outside of a late - afternoon fantasy .
i mean , it 's not exactly the same thing , but it 's close . ''
she was being weird about it , and i knew that it was another thing she was n't telling me about .
i had the whole thing planned out .
i hoped his candor would be more than a onetime thing .
* * * i filled hannah in on most of the details , mostly because the whole thing was so unbelievable , i had to say it out loud to make sure it had actually happened .
joscelyn archer is the worst thing to happen to theater since cats ! ... i got up and walked out and demanded a refund ... this girl has no talent and will never act in this town again .
i was n't a big believer in anything , but this would be just the kind of thing nathan would have dreamed up .
though how she managed to keep her voice cool with that spontaneous combustion thing happening again was a mystery .
but the oddest thing of all was that instead of being more curious about adrian , whom hannah knew fairly well and should have cared more about , she found herself more focused on michael .
really , the only thing that should be surprising is that it took you this long . ''
but then the weirdest thing had happened .
for the past three nights , she 'd been home alone , and the most exciting thing michael had heard was the bathtub spigot kicking on .
but the strangest thing happened .
this sort of thing did n't happen in real life .
and he 'd known that alex 's arrival would be the greatest thing that ever happened to him , past , present , or future .
she asked , sounding as if she would really enjoy such a thing .
she welcomed him willingly , stroking her tongue against his as if it were the most natural thing in the world to do .
` ` oh , there is one thing , gillespie , '' he said , picturing the other agent in his head .
` ` how is this ... thing with avery going ? ''
but her outrageous acts had all been condoned by hampton society - spreading gossip , assassinating character , partying till all hours , coming home drunk , sleeping with anything that wore pants , that kind of thing .
which , now that he thought about it , was the strangest thing yet .
which was n't outside the realm of possibility , since they were both prone to such a thing after having worked so closely together for so many years .
` ` god , i still ca n't believe there are people out there who remember that thing and think it was so great .
but if he was the worst thing that ever happened in her life - and so far , hands down , he was - marnie would die a happy , tranquil woman .
` ` i know this sort of thing does n't happen often .
` ` and you 're right , '' she told him , praying to every available god that she could bluff her way out of this before the quivering - goo thing started up in her head again .
the next thing he knew , his mouth was on hers , though which of them had instigated the kiss , he honestly could n't have said .
so evidently this sort of thing happened to sebastian baird a lot .
the only thing that had changed in the meantime was that they 'd enjoyed an incredible sexual encounter that should have had them reaching for each other again .
making love with her had been the most incredible thing that had ever happened to him .
the two of them were connecting on a level that did n't include her , and she was reminded that this was n't the first time such a thing had happened .
one thing he was right about , though .
it was a small thing , nick 's interceding , but iris felt as if he 'd just given her a diamond as big as the ritz .
which was a startling thing to realize .
the first thing he saw was a man he did n't recognize tied to one of the dining chairs with four of his best belts .
` ` funny thing , too , '' he said .
but the funny thing was , they were right .
mama says a puppy is a silly thing to wager for .
and an awful , terrible , mortifying thing happened : she felt herself grow wet .
it was a sad thing indeed when one felt as intelligent as daffodil .
when he burst into the theater at last , the first thing he saw was miss stump and the maid , maude , bent over indio .
the second thing he saw was miss stump 's look as she straightened and turned to him .
a seated performance was one thing .
the damnable thing was , he knew he was n't the only one .
the maddening thing was despite his monstrous treatment of her , she still loved him .
for a moment maximus wondered if this was the last thing those three men had seen that bloody night : lord kilbourne with a feral look of violence on his face .
` ` what an odd thing to say , '' miss picklewood murmured , her forehead crimped .
but a strange thing happened when lin touched the earth : nothing at all .
it 'd been a near thing .
hoofbeats meant only one thing .
the only thing he could be glad of was that the dragoons seemed to be by themselves , a mounted patrol of two .
she 'd never felt such a wicked thing .
you have outwitted the devil and saved me from hell , a thing i have never seen before .
such a thing had never happened to her before .
he 'd just experienced the most wondrous thing .
what they had was by necessity destined to be a short - lived thing .
` ` oh , isabel , the most marvelous thing has happened !
and he did the strangest thing .
chapter four but a very strange thing happened .
` ` a special treat once in a while is one thing , '' she said severely , ` ` but you spend your life in constant excess .
and when she did dock '' -she closed her eyes , remembering- '' william would come to see me first thing .
` ` that was the most delightful thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
a public hanging was a nasty thing and she did n't need to see him kicking his heels in the air .
she shut her eyes , suddenly feeling ill at how close a thing it must ' ve been .
but it is not an easy thing for a woman to wield power in a world of men .
how odd that such a thing , such a moment , should compound and redouble until the very fact that she was glad made him the most joyful man in the world .
it was the most extraordinary thing she 'd ever experienced in all her life .
it was a tiny thing , something like a scratch , and if she had n't been wide awake and worrying , she would n't have heard it at all .
panic was a live thing in her throat , fluttering and threatening to choke off her air .
he just seemed to enjoy the whole thing more with me unable to move . ''
or was it a one - time thing best forgotten ?
i 'll wager the thing the gossip mongers will be most scandalized by is that i found a lady to consent to be my wife . ''
they strolled in silence for a moment before she said , ` ` the whole thing was terrible , lottie .
or the thing is n't related at all and i ' m merely chasing unicorns . ''
five minutes later , when he rounded the corner onto oates 's street , the first thing he saw was beatrice , standing at the top of the town - house steps , looking like a forlorn waif .
suddenly the whole thing was over , and it was too late for second thoughts or regrets .
i have run all this night to prevent this thing . ''
` ` but it 's a funny thing that sometimes mothers enjoy dressing their daughters .
and she looked at him as if it were the most natural thing in the world to spend an afternoon with him .
the pain had been physical , a deep cutting thing that had made her chest ache and her head pound .
it was a subtle thing , a mere narrowing of the eyes , his wide smile falling just sligh wang justtly .
chapter three after the last crumb of meat pie was eaten , the old man stood , and a very strange thing happened .
the whole thing had been much too quick and hurried for that , he knew .
sometimes , late at night , he wondered if the whole thing had been a nightmarish fever dream , a vision he 'd had many years ago that he was unable to escape even now .
he was n't sure , of course , but the whole thing was a very strange coincidence .
atf t / font > ` ` they have a thing called a gauntlet , a pretty way to welcome captives of war to the camp .
she looked back at him and a horrible thing happened .
what a strange thing happened then !
for so they had been taught to march , and it is not an easy thing to forget the ritual of many years .
his name was iron heart ... . -from iron heart chapter one now iron heart got his name from a very strange thing .
` ` but there were so many circumstances that had to align correctly for us to have been attacked at that point , and the fact that the indians numbered so many '' -he shook his head- '' the thing must have been planned by someone . ''
what she wanted from him was n't a gentle thing .
this was the problem with engaging in an affaire de coeur with a colonial : he obviously did n't know when the thing was over .
for a strange and wonderful thing had happened in the six years of his marriage .
but an odd thing happened .
emeline held her breath , watching the man , and as she stared , he did a very strange thing .
worst thing that 'll happen is we get killed . ''
` ` that was the most impressive thing i ' ve witnessed in a long time , '' ethan said as they got into the range rover that sullivan and liam had arrived in yesterday .
the agony that ripped into her was the most unexpected thing of all .
ethan hayes was the best thing that had ever happened to her .
` ` the only thing that changed is that heaven monroe killed herself that morning . ''
isabel opened her mouth to answer trevor , but the next thing she knew , abby was dragging her toward the corridor .
` ` what 's the worst thing that could happen ?
` ` i ... we ... '' next thing she knew , he 'd thrust his hand in her hair and yanked her mouth to his .
the silence could only mean one thing .
they already knew angelo ran drugs out of that upstairs suite of his , so what other f**ked - up thing could be happening over at the diamond mine ?
` ` here 's the thing , olivia , '' he said gently .
same damn thing had happened last night when isabel had been laughing with liam macgregor .
she 'd missed his artery , and that one error cost her - the next thing she knew , she was on the floor again , lying flat on her back with vince 's body crushing her chest like an anvil .
next thing he knew , dane yelped in pain and gaped at his hand .
next thing she knew , she was thrown onto a bed , her body bouncing off a dirty mattress with a few of its springs exposed .
the next thing he knew , he was caught in a headlock and a lethal little hand was gripping his neck .
he needs a reason to live again , and this rescue might be just the thing to snap him out of his funk . ''
the next thing she knew , inez 's plump arms were surrounding her in a bear hug , and the woman spoke a mile a minute in spanish , thanking abby profusely for everything she 'd done .
the thing is , ruby is n't exactly a gourmet chef , either , so we end up with rock - hard steak , lumpy mashed potatoes , and green beans that are so limp , i could knit them into a scarf .
i have a moment to savor how his arms feel under my hands before he 's pushing me away and doing that thing where he exhales while running his fingers through his hair .
` ` oh ... man , '' holt says as he starts to calm down ` ` that was the funniest thing i ' ve seen since keanu reeves did much ado about nothing . ''
` ` oh , that little thing back there where you completely screwed me over ?
the soft hush of skin moving against skin is the most intimate thing i ' ve ever experienced .
holt seems to take it in stride , but he 's more experienced with this kind of thing .
seeing his reaction to my touch and hearing the noises i ' m causing , it 's truly the most erotic thing i ' ve ever experienced .
because even though i really do n't have much experience with this sort of thing ...
like giving their heart to someone else is n't the scariest thing in the world .
the thing is , underneath all the bullshit that made me push you away , there were parts of me that clung to you when i left , and now , without you , i struggle to function .
it was such a disconcerting thing to see , but i did n't find it ugly or frightening .
i 'd seen my own boyfriend turn into something that could explain nearly every horror legend out there , but this thing had me gawking like an idiot and virtually on the edge of pissing my pants .
cade 's blood had made me faster , had honed my senses and my instincts , but faced with this thing i was suddenly the awkward girl i 'd been most of my life .
there were n't many things my kind enjoyed outside of blood and death but though i had no firsthand experience of it , i knew the other thing they found pleasure in was sex .
i did n't care where we ended up just as long as i was free of this awful city and every hideous thing that we had witnessed here .
i knew exactly how darnell felt but the worst thing in the world would be for him to pull that trigger , i knew that as surely as i knew that the tide would rise and the sun would set .
his singed black hair was standing on end , there were burn marks and blood on his clothes and skin , but he was the most wonderful thing i 'd ever seen .
the only good thing about all the moving was that dr . bishop had to leave behind all of the frozen bodies he 'd collected .
she fixated on the thing between bret and i .
my love for cade was the first really amazing thing i had experienced in years .
my heart ached for the poor thing but it was one of the most wonderful things i had felt in a long time .
the whole thing was so damn eerie that i wanted to turn and bolt back into the forest .
it was the worst thing i could ever imagine happening to me .
a month ago i never would have contemplated such an action , i would have most certainly broken my ankles , now i had no fear that such a thing would happen , i was agile enough to pull this off .
` ` the alien cells must have mixed with your blood and changed it somehow while they were in the fridge , that 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
` ` i do n't want to hurt you ; it 's the last thing in the world that i want .
if they find me , if they catch us together , what they will do to you ... '' ` ` i do n't care , '' i gushed out terrified that he would leave just so such a thing did n't happen .
this was the weirdest , creepiest , most terrifying thing i had experienced in years , but i could not throw up in this store .
now that i knew what he was really like , i would never allow such a thing to happen again .
losing my mother had been shocking , and yes this whole thing was traumatizing , but i had n't been with her at the instant of death .
i did n't mean for this to happen , i never meant to hurt you , it 's the last thing in the world i ever ... '' i gasped as he knocked my hand aside and jerked his arm from my grasp .
everything had been so grueling until now ; i had expected the same thing here .
he had some big thing going on with his wife .
he watched them all very closely , observing their interaction , and there was n't a single thing out of place , not one , yet he found himself more certain than ever that something was n't right .
never , in all her existence , had such a thing happened .
tucker , lily , and the others were too efficient and fast for this to have been a one - time thing : the tent going up , everything in sterile packs ready to use , even the smooth way tucker had gotten lily into her scrubs .
they got into a thing a while back and he told me he was concerned about the man .
` ` it was the best thing that could have happened to me .
` ` of course he 's blaming the entire thing on me and he was just as curious . ''
he 'd been wounded ; perhaps he was dreaming the entire thing up .
i do believe in him , but once in a while , some little thing will cause me to doubt him and then i get angry at myself .
it was the only thing whitney ever did that did n't turn my stomach .
something stinks about this entire thing . ''
that had been the sexiest thing in the world to him .
` ` this is the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen and - seriously - the closest thing to what i can do .
` ` i think the same thing would happen if i walked up to him naked , '' rose pointed out .
` ` that 's a hell of a thing to wear unless you 're entertaining , jaimie .
one thing led to another , and before i knew it , i was in business . ''
mack still had trouble believing such a thing had existed .
` ` i did n't see a thing , '' kane defended piously .
` ` well , mack , here 's the thing .
it was the one thing that did n't make sense , unless griffen was working with whitney .
there had been shock , of course ; an elite tracker was the last thing the man had expected .
i ' m going to film the real thing , slicing little pieces off of you .
` ` just the thing , '' she murmured happily and cranked up the loudest , most obnoxious rap song in her collection .
he 's finding the same thing we are .
there was no such thing as coincidence , not in her world .
he 'd given himself another bloody nose , the only thing that made him quit .
` ` but here 's the really interesting thing , at least to ryland .
` ` and that 's a rare thing . ''
he 'd sent her to be his bodyguard , and the next thing anyone knew , violet was married .
his heart did that curious overheating - and - melting - into - a - puddle thing he was beginning to recognize only mari managed to induce in him .
my sister would n't like it , and then i 'd have to stick up for you and we 'd get into a big thing and it would all turn ugly .
the ground layer has a few buildings , sheds , the airstrip , helicopter landing , that sort of thing , with high fences and a security system .
and while they examine me , they have a guard standing right there , watching the entire thing .
they 're going to comb the countryside when this thing goes off .
` ` the one thing we have going for us with whitney , '' ken said , ` ` is that he wants you to have my baby and he wants briony to have jack 's .
it had started sometime around her sixteenth birthday , right after she 'd been hospitalized for some strange thing the doctors said she had .
running , gymnastics , martial arts , under water , that sort of thing .
` ` strange thing . ''
his stomach knotted and his heart did some sort of curious melting thing he did n't want to identify too closely .
` ` that 's a hell of thing for you to say with my brother only a few feet away . ''
` ` the thing being what exactly ? ''
the fight was the most brutal thing she 'd ever witnessed - the two men punching and kicking , making every effort to literally smash each other into pieces .
if someone took her , or killed her , the same thing could happen to you .
joy 's disappeared and i ' m not having the same thing happen to you . ''
` ` that 's a hell of a thing to accuse me of , flame , when i just saved your life .
` ` it 's the same thing , raoul .
bad things happen in these places .
it was a small thing , but it had never happened before .
it had to be a chemistry thing .
it had n't occurred to her that such a thing could happen .
it was a pathetic thing to have to admit to him ... to herself .
his insides did some sort of curious melting thing that annoyed the hell out of him .
it must be a water thing . ''
why had n't she been prepared for such a thing ?
` ` the thing is , we were warned someone was trying to kill us all .
you were nothing , a pissant gofer no one noticed until i brought you the idea and set the entire thing up .
` ` sure thing , sis , we 'll just leave you up here all by yourself .
` ` a one and only sort of thing .
chapter 4 ` ` damn , i missed the entire thing , '' don weston whispered overly loud to dr . henry patton .
` ` the funny thing is , i ' ve always been interested in folklore , everything from bigfoot and the yeti to werewolves and vampires and i ' ve traveled all around the world in an effort to prove where there 's smoke there 's fire .
the touch was such a small , tiny thing , but so unexpected - so fearless and unafraid - that both dax and the dragon froze in stunned paralysis .
not to be rude , but i find the whole thing more than a little creepy .
she loved that dax found the entire thing as amusing as she did .
his declaration was the last thing she expected .
that had become more and more of a popular thing for master vampires to do .
` ` this is the first time in centuries such a thing has happened , '' gregori added .
she crept into his heart , filled his mind with her brightness and found a way to make him forget every bad thing he 'd ever done or seen .
it was the hottest , sexiest thing she 'd ever experienced .
if he 'd been guessing , that would have been one thing , but fen knew , and that meant he was still evolving .
the way she took his blood was the most erotic thing he 'd ever experienced .
if there 's one thing i do know , it 's fire spiders .
she knew , like dimitri , being helpless would be the most difficult thing of all .
fortunately , the lycans could only detect such a thing during a full moon , so they had no idea , but keeping the very lethal brothers from wanting to leap up and slay the lycans each time they insisted the sange rau must be killed was definitely becoming a problem .
sword fights , snipers , two lycans battling for position of alpha in the pack , that sort of thing .
` ` the really sad thing is , i liked him .
she filled him , those dark places of death , the cracks that seemed impossible to mend , so many torn places inside of him caused by the numerous kills he 'd made and the things he 'd seen .
such a thing should be abolished . ''
the last thing i ever expected was to find you here with a gun in your hand about to murder skyler or dimitri . ''
having you close might be just the thing that gives me the edge . ''
no one could have predicted such a thing .
` ` the thing is , i ' ve always been a mixed blood .
zach and rick sat in silence for a several minutes , the newscast flashed images of all the awful things happening in the greater los angeles area .
he knew that with time what he and judy had going could be the most amazing thing they 'd ever tasted ... ever experienced .
the only thing the police are going on is a lack of an alibi , '' meg told them .
the only thing he had n't anticipated was the security surrounding judy now .
the only thing there was evidence of was rats in the corners .
in a split second , confusion mixed into recognition , and then the most surprising thing happened .
he wo n't get that if tony keeps calling and setting up the next thing . ''
` ` growing up in hilton where the tallest building is the movie theater , and the only thing close to architectural design concepts is when the football team religiously toilet papers the current quarterback 's home the night before the first game , does n't leave much for the imagination . ''
if there was one thing karen hated it was outright gossip , but if her suspicions were anywhere near correct , nolan was going to need a real job with real money coming in or hilton was going to have two more runaways to add to the list .
` ` is this ... you and i ... a onetime thing ? ''
church was a serious thing most sundays , resulting in many hours spent with the congregation .
she smiled at him and damn if he did n't want to melt into that smile and forget every awful thing about his life .
the last thing karen expected was a call from the missing woman .
one thing lead to another and all that .
` ` other than the shoe thing , he 's fine .
did he enjoy that kind of thing ?
that was the kind of thing gwen would have remembered .
and if there was one thing eliza did n't want to be responsible for , it was carter 's career taking a dive .
i would n't change a thing we did . ''
` ` every thing is going to be okay . ''
next thing i knew , mrs . leland , bless her little ol ' heart , started yelling we had a bomb .
` ` the hotel is prepared for this kind of thing . ''
holidays , that kind of thing .
the only thing you 're prepared for is a ball game . ''
` ` thing is , right before she left she had a bout of high blood pressure that gave her a nosebleed that needed treatment to stop . ''
if not , then first thing in the morning we 'll start again , get a bird in the air and see if we can find them from above . ''
he called every hour , each time reporting the same thing .
the only thing that broke it up was if it started to rain . ''
first thing tomorrow you 're going to have to buy a few essentials .
the secretary in his main office had left unexpectedly , met a guy and ran off or some such thing , and dean had been left without help .
the funny thing was , she was n't all that tired .
all the nauseating maggie is the best thing that ever happened to me crap !
` ` i take it rolling over is a new thing ? ''
we 're the best thing to happen since savannah ended up on my doorstep . ''
next thing you know the cougar will be slipping her room key into jack 's pocket .
she 'd tell us about some horrible thing that kept her away and how she wished she had been with us . ''
the mating of lips that promised amazing things should they ever find the right time to touch in other places .
the past thirty minutes , as she 'd walked from where her car had broken down , the crappy thing .
monica , did you just see the same thing i did ?
then the strangest thing happened , he sensed amber 's probe and kicked against her as if to say he was very happy where he was , thank you very much , and to leave him alone until he was ready for the world .
` ` but i thought the shield was protecting you from that kind of thing . ''
` ` and another thing ... '' ` ` what ? ''
` ` i ' m making sure no one out there hears a thing happening in here . ''
the crazy thing was , when a servant stepped into the room the maccoinnich 's skipped into casual conversation .
simon 's abduction by grainna was the last thing that took place in the apartment before they had all been swept back in time .
` ` he 's gone , tripped over the trash barrels on the side yard , but other than that i did n't see a thing . ''
it 's a hell of a thing waking up with someone else 's fist in your mouth .
the last thing he remembered before darkness engulfed him was the stranger holding one of the sacred stones and bringing it down on his head .
the tent was tall enough to stand in , but that was the only good thing tara could say about it .
the first thing duncan noticed were the boy 's shoes .
that grave dancing thing was happening all over again .
the impossible thing is that he does n't seem to realize it .
the thing is , quinn 's face keeps getting replaced in my head by dante 's .
apparently , it 's a common thing around the ocean .
dante looks properly chastised and i have to admit , in a weird stalker way , it was a sweet thing that he did .
what a freak thing . ''
i know she thinks that he and i are just a passing thing , a phase .
the only thing that could be more perfect would be if dante were here with me .
he just nods like it 's the most normal thing in the world .
because that 's an odd thing to know . ''
i sigh into his mouth , into the spearmint breath that absorbs my own , into the thing i ' ve been wanting for weeks .
that 's the first thing i notice .
the second thing i notice is the piano music .
what the hell kind of thing is this ?
but i know one thing as i collapse onto the seat of the piano .
he just walks to me like sitting on a cliff is the most natural thing in the world , like he is completely oblivious to the danger .
` ` i guess it 's just a dare thing . ''
i gulp , because i can only imagine , and because all of it , the whole elaborate thing , was my fault .
i stride quickly out and down the halls to get this particular thing over with .
i have never experienced such a thing in my life .
it is a medical condition because there is no such thing as a curse .
this horrible thing has been going on for generations .
i finally hear back from my mentor concerning it and he does n't have much insight on the subject as he 's never seen such a thing before .
and the funny thing is , mr .
and the funny thing is that she thought it was you .
sydney was n't entirely clear on the process , but apparently , when an idea came along , it could be a very fleeting thing and stephen needed to grab it while he could .
and the only thing i ' m sorry about is that we did n't have this conversation sooner . ''
and a year is n't very long to stage this whole thing .
i 'd been walking to the clubhouse to get a soda for my break and i 'd seen the whole thing .
and as i sit up and open my eyes , i see the only thing that makes me feel safe .
the last thing i see before i turn the corner is the satisfied expression in camille 's eyes .
he smiles , which is the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen .
a lump forms in my throat , and i try to swallow around it , as i think of every f**king thing that has happened over the past couple of years .
the funny thing was that i did n't know where to go .
what horrible , catastrophic thing had happened ?
the last thing i saw before i closed my eyes was the sky opening up and the olympians descending upon us .
it was well past noon today , and he had n't arrived back to his house until the sun was well above the horizon - yet another thing that had gone wrong in a night that had started out so promising and that had turned so hellish .
` ` the interesting thing , miss woodmore , is that my friend fell not from blackfriars , but from westminster .
the next thing she knew , angelica 's mask was yanked down over her face , covering her eyes .
the next thing she knew , the wall was behind her and voss was in front of her , very close , his fingers curved around her upper arms .
angelica ducked instinctively , and the next thing she knew , the vampire in front of her was flying through the air .
the next thing she knew , he was kissing her .
and the last thing cezar would suffer was being humiliated , by anyone .
that was the very last thing she wanted or needed : her former lover meeting with her current lover .
cried a voice , and the next thing she knew , maia had enveloped her in a crushing hug .
strong hands closed over her arms and the next thing she knew , she was being dragged from the vehicle .
the next thing she knew , she was being shoved into another vehicle .
the first thing i saw when i opened my eyes was a drawing on the wall of my father 's study - that was where i 'd fallen asleep after too much drinking the night before .
before maia could fly to her study and snatch up stationery to respond in the negative , the earl 's staff had arrived to pack their things , and the next thing she knew , the earl was there , as well .
` ` what do you mean by- '' but she never finished , for the next thing she knew , strong arms swooped around her and he lifted her bodily from the ground .
the next thing she knew , maia was shoved into a carriage along with mirabella and their chaperone .
dimitri stepped toward him , and the next thing he knew , moldavi was lunging .
the only thing she would remember was him helping her into a hackney and escorting her back to woodmore .
one thing to be grateful for .
the next thing narcise knew , she was flattened up against the cool stone wall , his hands on her face , his mouth crashing onto hers .
that was one good thing cezar had done : taught her to fight with a blade .
his eyes flared red and the next thing she knew , he was there in front of her .
when dimitri opened his eyes , the first thing he saw was the ruby , dangling around meg 's neck .
the next thing he knew , she was back , holding a pitcher .
when the carriage pulled up in front of blackmont hall , the first thing maia noticed was another familiar vehicle parked there .
he was in his study , which was good , because that was the last thing he remembered .
the sad thing is , i believe you , dimitri . ''
could that mean that , just now , he was dreaming the same thing that she had been ?
the next thing she knew , their bound arms wrapped her back up against his torso like the movement in a dance , and he had his stake , poised over her chest .
the first thing he noted was that narcise was n't there .
the next thing she knew , he was there , right there , so close , in front of her .
the next thing she knew , cezar was there , standing on the dais behind the long table above her .
the next thing she knew , they were tearing at her dress .
` ` she 's the best worst thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
apparently she wants the same thing , because she does n't even hesitate when she pulls my face to hers and kisses me with a moan .
` ` it was a onetime thing , warren . ''
two girls in a prank war may be the best thing that ever happened to ridge and me .
` ` that whole thing that just happened ?
the only thing those test results would have changed is that you 'd go from not knowing who your real father is to having one of the worst fathers in the world . ''
the last thing i remember ...
the next thing i remember was waking up in the cave .
but i never felt a thing . ''
the last thing she remembered before the fire was az touching her forehead .
` ` you gave me a surge of pure power , and it 's the damnedest thing i ' ve ever felt before . ''
great , the last thing that- he reached into the gaping hole on his shoulder and yanked out the bullet .
` ` when we saw that you were starting to wake up , we figured it might be best if you did n't see him or cody first thing . ''
with az and sam , the same thing appeared to be happening with their shadow wings .
the confession was gruff , and the last thing she expected .
` ` you want information , then you always go to the one source in the place who knows every single thing that happens . ''
` ` you do n't see a f**kin ' thing , '' tanner growled , ` ` but in a few minutes , i 'll be makin ' you see plenty . ''
her smile was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
` ` the thing is ... i never had a chance with her .
` ` the judge granted bail first thing this morning . ''
maybe the madness of the wolf was setting in , but right then , ` ` death 's the last thing i want . ''
olivia was the best thing that had ever happened to him .
a thing . ''
i 'd been told that they came out darker , that you never really got the exact thing that you wanted ... '' because , according to legend , the djinn had been creatures of darkness .
` ` this thing is n't over , '' eric told him quietly .
chloe would have known ... the one thing designed to rip through his control ... the one thing that would call up his beast with a ferocious hunger ... to be marked .
chloe would have known ... the one thing designed to rip through his control ... the one thing that would call up his beast with a ferocious hunger ... to be marked .
did n't want to have a damned thing to do with him .
` ` the same thing was happening before my accident .
at first , the whole thing had started harmlessly enough .
` ` trace , the cop up in new york , loxley- '' ` ` uh , yeah , '' alex cut in , ` ` i do n't know who the hell loxley is , but you should know that i did some more talking with detective fuller first thing this morning . ''
holding her was the most natural thing in the world for him .
now she wo n't tell me who her partner is , but the lady did confess to one thing .
` ` even if you do have that injured , delicate bird thing happening . ''
the last thing i want claire to see is you dying . ''
elizabeth on her knees before him - her eyes tinted with desire and her cheeks flushed as she leaned toward him - that was probably the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
ship in the night kind of thing . ''
the last thing i hear are threats to call the police for the kidnapping of boyfriends .
i step to the side , brushing off the silly flirting he 's trying to play at , acting like it 's all just a big joke to me , like i do this kind of thing all the time .
as soon as i turn around , the onlookers scatter , pretending they were just passing through and not noticing a thing .
he 's reading my mind again , and the only thing worse than him reading my mind is him knowing he 's doing it .
` ` okay , here 's the thing ...
and that 's the last thing i remember before waking up in the hospital .
first thing i noticed was him not returning calls .
scott was so little when this whole thing started .
` ` sorry , '' i say , feeling bad that i ' m ruining such a great time , that i ' m such an amateur at this whole thing .
it 's the journey that is taking me places , the things happening on the way to orgasm that suddenly mean the most .
last thing i heard , he was going to visit jelly .
brian was fully prepared to accept the fact that a young guy was taking care of a terminally ill wife around the corner ; it 's tragic , but that kind of thing happens .
what a horrible thing for you and her .
i do remember very clearly one thing that he said ; he told me he was going to go dig my grave in the backyard . ''
we 'll talk tomorrow morning , first thing , if not sooner .
it 's the last thing brian hears before a bunch of loud , weird sounds come over the recording device .
` ` the thing is , they figured out where the phone was purchased , so they went to the store and got copies of the store 's surveillance tapes .
it takes two to make a thing go right . ''
she wished she felt as casual about the whole thing as her words implied , but all she kept imagining was some guy in a dark trench coat whipping out a knife and attacking her with it .
there 's no such thing as women 's work or men 's work .
` ` i ' ve used treats and praise and everything else , and the only thing i can get him to do is sit and stay for about five seconds . ''
the last thing candi saw was jonathan 's eyes bugging out of his head just before they disappeared below the surface .
` ` i ' ve heard about that kind of thing - you know , letting your subconscious come up with answers to questions .
and the funny thing was , she really could n't see all that much makeup on her face .
having to shave your hair off would n't be the worst thing that could happen to it , trust me . ''
oh , she thought , the gumdrop thing again .
all four of them looked up , and the last thing any of them remembered seeing was a wall of black water , coming to claim their lives .
` ` do n't be silly , i don ' hava feeve ... ` ` the next thing they heard was kevin slumping back down into the bottom of the boat .
the last thing candi heard was sarah singing , ` ` ' this shit is bananas , b - a - n - a - n - a - s !
` ` yeah , well , i hope it 's a permanent thing and not just a rainwater thing . ''
` ` ... sort of bad tummy thing , that i ' m sure will be gone soon , '' candi finished with a smile .
` ` bad tummy thing .
it 's not my favorite thing in the world ; plus the whole bird 's ass thing is n't very appetizing .
they climbed up the treehouse ladder and went to their rooms , each of them thinking of the upcoming event and what they were going to do to make it as much like the real thing as possible .
but he was standing behind me giving me a bunch of crap and he 'd just revealed the evil truth of him being a killer , so one thing led to another and then he got grazed . ''
always jumping from one crazy thing to another . ''
i would probably care enough to respond if i could open my eyes , but i ca n't see a thing .
and then that 's the last thing i remember of that car ride or that conversation .
it 's a bittersweet thing like no other .
` ` the egg thing ... , '' i say , waiting for him to catch on .
` ` i ' m not going to this stupid thing , '' i said , tucking the invitation under my desk blotter .
the sad thing is , i was n't kidding about the mortician thing .
that 's the last thing i remembered seeing before i woke up again on the floor with ruby 's worried face hanging over me .
the worst thing i 'd come up with was another woman in the mix , and while it had been uncomfortable to think about , it was n't as awful as this .
i know he almost killed her once and you saw the whole thing happen . ''
even so , he still acted like being married to me was n't the worst thing that had ever happened to him .
` ` that 's one thing i would n't miss leaving here . ''
the only thing i did know was that i would n't be getting married to bradley .
that 's the only fair thing . ''
the irrational thought flits across my mind that a pregnant girl or a new baby is the last thing a guy needing peace would want in his life .
` ` what 's going on with this whole flier thing ? ''
people love hearing about that kind of thing .
my brain alarm goes off when the only thing i can hear is my bedside clock ticking .
this might just be a friend - dance thing he has going on .
` ` i guess it all boils down to the fact that they had a brief thing going on where they 'd have sex after work , but they never actually went out on a date and he never felt any spark with her .
` ` your dad is the best thing that ever happened to me .
the beeping of machines in the background makes the whole thing that much more horrible .
the next thing i know , i ' ve lost my balance .
i can barely breathe , trying to listen in on every little thing and guess what he 's doing .
she asked what the worst thing that could happen is , and i ca n't stop thinking about it .
she was still staring straight ahead , and not appearing to see a damn thing .
her na**d phoenix covered in ash smiled , and it was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen .
the kiss was the last thing she expected , and her gasp of surprise slipped into his mouth .
in a room of darkness , it had been the only thing she 'd seen .
` ` the funny thing , dad , is that i thought i was normal . ''
it was the last thing eve expected , but his lips , warm , firm , came down on hers , and - he blew lightly into her mouth .
the thing you want so badly ... it 's her . ''
she 'd seen the same thing with cain .
the last thing she saw before the full , sweet darkness swept over her was the back of the van , speeding away and leaving her broken in the street . ` `
every time she 'd glanced in a mirror , she 'd seen the same thing .
` ` niol knows every damn thing that happens in this town , '' mcneal rumbled .
too good - looking - well , he would have been good - looking if it were n't for that crazy skin thing he had going on .
at the slight inclination of her head , he continued , ` ` what 's the deal with the power - level thing you keep mentioning ?
` ` and to this day , i still ca n't remember a single thing that happened during that time . ''
the diner always opened first thing .
the last thing she remembered was trying to surge for the surface and then- ` ` dylan . ''
and the first thing that she saw ?
` ` you wake up , and the first thing you do ... '' she swiped her hand over her cheek .
but one thing lee seemed to have missed ... desperate prisoners struggled .
i was n't going to let the same thing happen again . ''
but there was one thing she did n't know .
cassidy was the last thing that he saw .
the last , perfect thing .
then sydney rolled away from gunner and climbed from the bed before she could overhear logan 's response to the discovery that gunner was so close she could just , ahem , hand him her phone first thing in the morning .
being with him had been the only thing that seemed right in her world .
` ` the thing is i do n't like being told what to do . ''
` ` the thing is ... our tech guys are saying that it looks like the breach came from inside . ''
logan would also see what went down , since he was in the surveillance van hidden in her garage , and he was watching every single thing that happened on the monitors in there .
the only thing she ever did was hit me and yell at me .
this ... this was the last thing she 'd expected when logan had brought her in to meet with the other agents .
the men fought as they shifted , and it was the most savage thing she 'd ever seen .
` ` the last thing i saw ... '' now his mouth was near her breast , and his breath feathered over the sensitive flesh .
jude held up the pages , and the first thing zane saw was ... her .
i ' ve been trying for years , fighting this thing inside- '' nancy 's eyes narrowed .
` ` my head hit the pavement , and the next thing i knew , i was in some stinking , dark room .
the last thing she 'd seen had been him .
` ` and you did n't see a thing ? ''
` ` i ' m gon na bring the bastard down , but everything you know about him , every single thing that has happened to you because of him - i have to know . ''
maya was n't a thing .
` ` interesting thing about tim , '' she finally said , ` ` the guy set me up to die a few years back . ''
` ` funny thing , '' lucas murmured .
` ` i do n't want the same thing to happen to the kid .
awhile back , the same thing had happened in mississippi .
` ` but there is one thing i believe , one thing we all have to be ready for .
the last thing anthony wanted was another body turning up .
the power , the rush , had been the most amazing thing he 'd ever felt before .
like he had n't gotten his hands on walker 's old yearbooks first f**king thing .
` ` that 's actually the odd thing , '' greg added .
her voice was flat , but her eyes gleamed with a combination of strength and fury that was truly the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
she wanted him to be the last thing she 'd see .
the last thing he wanted to see was katherine tied to a table .
evelyn had sure come across strong in her belief that katherine was a killer , but he knew one thing that the shrink did n't know .
` ` hearing about him was one thing , '' evelyn whispered .
she had n't told luke about the link yet , but she 'd tell him first thing tomorrow .
` ` funny thing .
since adam had left willingly - just like all the others - the cops had n't noticed a thing out of the ordinary .
` ` what is the first thing you remember after being at the core ? ''
and be ready for any damn thing . ''
when you start investigating , you 'll see the same thing . ''
the last thing he saw was mike , swinging those bottles , pouring the alcohol all over his mother 's house .
` ` the defense attorney would just say he imagined the whole thing . ''
the one thing she would have seen .
what was the last thing saundra had seen before she died ?
one thing he 'd noticed .
we need to be ready for any damn thing . ''
a werewolf 's passion was n't an easy thing .
a very lucky thing for the old wolf right then .
in this place , the only thing she 'd find was a pack ready to rip her to pieces .
forever with his vampiress ... it was the only thing he wanted .
i ca n't tell if they ' ve had a thing or not , and frankly , i do n't care .
i think the only real thing is now . ''
and the last thing we saw was lacey getting tasered by a handler , flopping to the floor like a dying fish .
the only thing that looks even slightly appealing is the game of cards going on at a table in the corner , three guys are sitting there , one chomping on a pretzel stick like it 's a cigar .
a few times he asked if i was okay , but i could n't look him in the eyes after the camping thing .
strangest thing happened .
only thing , '' -i held up my finger- '' i ' m the flyer .
and just as i was about to exit the field , the weirdest thing happened .
it was n't a common thing for leona to look petrified .
and while i watched him go , there was one thing i was sure of .
did you and your sister plan this whole thing ? ''
i try to think back to the last thing i remember , but nothing comes to me .
` ` good thing you offered the ride , '' abe says .
his voice is concerned , and i do n't know how to tell him that a woman trying to pull me through a car window is n't even the weirdest thing to happen to me today .
the last thing i remember was searching for abe .
` ` child , '' she says , ` ` there 's no such thing . ''
` ` the same thing just happened to me .
next thing you knew , you were calling me , following me .
` ` the stupid thing is , i liked seth .
i ca n't let the same thing happen to charlotte .
the red hair comments were a regular thing , and she was used to them at this point , though she was tempted to point out again that her hair was n't ginger in any case .
the last thing he 'd expected was for her to hurl a teaspoon at his forehead .
yes , chronic headaches had been a major problem when his cognitive functions first began to degenerate , but that did n't mean that the same thing was happening again .
that kind of thing happened a lot .
` ` i ' ve heard a lot about you , heard just who and how many shifters you 're allied with - including shifters other than wolves , which is a rare thing .
the gift had n't been the only thing to make her smile .
her wolf was feeling pretty smug about the whole thing , liked that her mate was protecting her ; it was important to her to know that he could .
the fourth one was ready to record the whole thing . ''
the last thing nick wanted to do was leave , but he was n't going to stay unless she asked him to .
you do n't know what it 's like to finally find the person who 's so important to you that he 's supposed to make every bad thing that happened before not hurt as much .
i know it 's not my fault , and i know i could n't have helped her and that for me to survive when she did n't is n't an awful thing .
he recognized a few of them as extremists , and though logan was n't present , nick would bet he was behind the whole thing .
there he was , slightly outside the circle , smiling in amusement ... and recording the whole thing with his smartphone .
one thing i know for sure is that she 'd make a better alpha female than many i ' ve known . ''
then roni did the oddest thing .
that could only mean one thing ... a thing he had dreaded and feared and hoped would never happen .
it was n't an uncommon thing for jealous ex - partners or shunned pursuers to try to stop the shifter they wanted from fully bonding with their mate .
the number of times shaya had heard the words ` ` i think i ' m dying '' was unreal , but there had never been a single thing wrong .
the only good thing about that was that the bitch had a broken leg .
and what was the worst thing that could happen if jaime let down her guard and her wolf became so strong that she managed to get free again ?
it was n't as if he did n't know that the guys did this just to needle him ; it was a regular thing .
the next thing she knew , he 'd withdrawn from her and she 'd been roughly flipped onto her stomach .
gabe , shaya , and dominic were n't very happy with her for running off and made it clear with reproachful looks , but their silent treatment did n't last any more than two minutes , and soon they were chewing her ear off about one thing or another .
for jaime , to find her mate truly would be the worst thing ever .
hey , dante loved a good party like everyone else , but the whole thing was set up in a way that suggested the guy was all - important and deserved to be worshipped .
it was the one thing he 'd been waiting for , the one thing he 'd dreaded .
it was the one thing he 'd been waiting for , the one thing he 'd dreaded .
and i hope the same thing happens for you and dante someday . ''
` ` there 's another thing that you need to be prepared for , jaime .
trey , who stood a short distance away and had observed the entire thing , looked truly impressed with jaime .
noticing that trey seemed to find the whole thing extremely amusing , dante raised a brow at him .
going by the way jaime was swallowing hard and biting on her lower lip even as she was still smiling down at kye , dante guessed that the same thing was happening to her .
the last thing she 'd ever wanted was to go to her mate loaded with baggage .
someone who had been very quiet - an usual thing for shaya .
if there 's one thing i can guarantee she wo n't do , it 's hurt kye .
` ` taryn , i wanted to ask , '' began caleb , ` ` do you seriously not want him , or is this some big thing that dominant females do ?
` ` i do n't think any of them believe this is some kind of prearranged thing .
damn if their battles for dominance had n't been the hottest thing ever though .
in truth , taryn found the whole thing just as entertaining as everyone else did .
it did n't matter to her wolf that the entire thing was an act .
trey honestly was n't sure what happened ... he 'd reached out and placed his hand on her shoulder and then next thing he knew he was flat on his back on the ground and taryn was snarling down at him .
` ` this sort of thing would n't have happened in my day , '' said greta .
` ` spray painting your car is one thing - '' ` ` what about lj ? ''
taryn would n't have thought such a thing could be peaceful .
as she stepped out of the trees near the security shack , two things made her halt .
` ` that was the hottest f**king thing i ever saw , '' stated dominic hoarsely .
but there 's one thing that will weaken him - the death of his mate .
it was n't an uncommon thing .
the same thing happened as before ... apart from one thing .
the same thing happened as before ... apart from one thing .
` ` fredrick witnessed the whole thing .
i 'd let them all think that i was scared , let them think that my death was a sure thing , and that i was ready to admit defeat .
then he did the strangest thing .
one thing i was sure of was that it would never come true . ''
still , having all these people about to witness our coronation and knowing that the whole thing was being shown live on v - tube ... it was a little unnerving .
the tricky thing was that it was tradition for the couple to make each other 's gift .
one thing i could be sure of was that his relationship with his mother had been somewhat strained , but that did n't mean that her death was necessarily good news .
one thing that science fiction had got right was that there were indeed human government divisions that fully believed vampires existed , and these divisions were absolutely intent on getting hold of one .
well , one thing happened : a stream of energy shot out of her palms in the form of water , drenching luther .
` ` i was hoping to find that jude was wrong about vampires being involved in such an awful thing .
' sorry ' would be a nice thing to hear from you occasionally , but i prefer your current mode of apology , which is to f**k me senseless . ''
` ` the thing is ... if you tried to repay her for anything , she 'd tell you that she does n't give to receive and then she 'd bitch - slap you .
` ` sexy , '' repeated norm , though he was looking directly at an unsuspecting jared - it was n't an uncommon thing .
the man himself was still standing at the rear entrance with blake , watching the whole thing .
in any case , only one thing would happen - i 'd burn shit down .
smiling , i explained , ` ` well , like you , i was pissed that i could n't spend money on you , because i wanted to take you on a honeymoon - kind of thing .
and god his gift was extraordinary , which meant that the whole thing was over in seconds .
my god these blokes were like little old women the way they gasped and gossiped about every little thing .
i 'd been in my apartment totally brassed off and thinking that i just needed to cool off , and the next thing i found myself at the bottom of the pool !
chapter seven ( sam ) entering the training arena , i almost dropped dead with shock - which would be a hard thing for an immortal to do .
as soon as his lips touched mine the same thing always happened ; fire through the veins .
i might never have been turned into a vampire , bryce might still be alive - '' ` ` or you could have met victor at a later date and had the same thing still happen . ''
` ` and this gathering is an annual thing ? ''
they 'll come over , ask how antonio 's doing and to pass on their regards , that kind of thing .
instead , the strangest thing happened .
i did n't know when it happened or if it had been a gradual thing that had only crept up on me today .
one second i was standing there , minding my own business ; the next thing i knew , i was on the floor of the bathroom with two half - naked succubi about to suck the life out of me .
it was as if his screams were drawing pure evil up from the underworld and bringing it right into the house - some sort of demon power thing .
it 's not an easy thing , to grow up so fast like that .
` ` you know ... the ... thing thing ... ` ` ` ` no , jayne .
` ` you know ... the ... thing thing ... ` ` ` ` no , jayne .
at first i blamed him for every bad thing that had happened to me and my friends in the forest , but i 'd learned to forgive him .
i 'd noticed the same thing in spike 's room the one time i 'd been in there .
it seemed kind of like a private thing or something to share too much race stuff .
the next thing i felt was my body being jerked backwards and spike 's mouth leaving mine .
i could have hooked up and gotten busy with an orc and i probably would have slept through the whole thing .
` ` they tortured you , '' cried tim softly , ` ` it was the worst thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
and that 's the last thing i remember - chase picking me up in his big , thick , strong arms , the smell of his delicious body drifting up into my nose , the warmth of his embrace enveloping me , and for one moment , making me feel safe .
the only thing i found out in my moment of stress with leck was that i had a low tolerance for pain and no skills to get rid of it .
the next thing i knew , i was in the dark fae compound with tim , in some sort of cave room . ''
the winner of this thing is probably going to be the one that 's the most organized . ''
the first thing i noticed was a single arrow , stuck into the ground about fifty feet in front of the farthest targets .
i must have drifted off because the next thing i knew , chase and becky were banging on my door , telling me we had to be at the breakfast hall in five minutes .
next thing i knew , lake lady was standing right in front of me , two inches away from my face .
next thing i know , all thirty of those trigger happy elves had their arrows up and were getting ready to shoot me dead - right there in front of finn .
next thing i knew , all his elf buddies are lined up , putting arrows in their bows , getting ready to turn me into a fae pincushion . ''
sorry about the arrow thing .
that is the freakiest thing i have ever seen in my entire life - my body laying on the ground like that .
the thought of spending the night in my bedroom had me overwhelmed with instant cold sweats , even though the only thing there were bad memories .
the first thing i noticed when the ass**le came around the corner was his new haircut .
i 'll never understand what got into him , because everyone else in the room saw a flaming badass dark fae demon looking thing , and stayed way the hell back .
that 's one good thing i can say about tony - the guy is an absolute prince .
i was afraid he was going to do that crazy breathing thing again .
next thing i knew , his stupid backpack had swung off his shoulder and hit me in the arm , knocking me off the sidewalk to land in the grass on my butt under a big tree .
the next thing i knew , i was back on the ground under the tree with what felt like the aftershocks of a face plant into a wall , echoing across my chest .
the last thing i wanted to see was that gun coming out and tony playing rambo again .
the last thing i saw was his sad but determined face , less than an inch away from mine , the smell of sweet alcohol on his breath .
last thing i remember is seeing all of you pass out around me and then getting into it with ivar before he stuck me in the arm with some needle . ''
` ` i saw the same thing .
the only thing i could hear was my heart beating in my throat and our pee splattering on the leaves beneath us .
this time i did n't see the blood smear image generated by memories of that awful vampire creature thing .
i just keep thinking about that vampire thing from last night .
that 's the last thing i remember . ''
his face had a slice on one cheek , but looked surprisingly good , considering the beat - down he had probably received from that thing becky had told us about .
the only thing i could see was that it was dark .
the last thing i saw before the lights went out was that leathery foot drawing back to kick me in the head .
the only thing there , several paces away , was chase .
i was n't so sure i wanted to run in that direction , but there was no way to communicate that to everyone , and the worst thing we could do was get separated .
all i could think about was becky 's face as she went deeper into the water , tony lying slumped over and tied to a tree , chase getting the shit beat out of him as he sat helpless , the two forest creatures whose lives i had snuffed out by the point of my stick , and a hundred other things that had happened from the time i got to that warehouse in miami .
i felt a sting in my left shoulder and that 's the last thing i remembered for a while .
but it was a very close thing this time , '' he gave me a small smile .
` ` we know about the hundred year thing , '' franklin said .
` ` that may have been the most impressive thing i ' ve ever seen when you took on crorver and erbrin . ''
the funny thing is , i was attracted to a girl when i was young who had white hair .
` ` reah , what if that 's the worst thing that can happen ?
the last thing i remembered was kifirin 's hand , shooting out quick as a snake , poking me in the foreheng , sad and laying a healing sleep .
that was the last thing i remembered before things went black for the second time that day .
just another unforgivable thing in a long line of unforgivable things at the hands of the dark god .
the story did n't deviate much - maris krastel did n't have a grudge against anyone - at least to her coworkers ' knowledge , and she and her sister had teased one another earlier in the day , laughing over some silly thing .
if he had any friends , that sort of thing . ''
jaske was so secretive about the whole thing . ''
i was n't speaking to anyone when i arrived in the kitchens the following day , putting gishi fruit ice cream together first thing .
i wanted to scream over the whole thing as zendeval 's eyes slowly rose toward mine .
ry , that was the sickest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` kara , i was eight and i 'd just seen the most horrible thing ever .
i wanted to tell perdil that dantel schuul 's head might be removed first thing if he attempted to place his hands on me , but i did n't .
` ` bro , that may have been the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' tory slapped ry on the back .
i found two things when i did my sleuthing - one , the places where the children were disappearing were n't far from the inn , and two , the heavy - fisted guest was there ahead of me , poking around .
the same thing happened in two other commonwealths before hitting this one .
could be more - it 's hard to track that sort of thing . ''
these girls had n't been taken together - that was the only thing different .
` ` i looked too - same thing . ''
now that it was a planned thing , i got shaky over it .
lok , who sat apart from us at one end , watched the whole thing with hooded interest .
the horrible thing ?
this was the last thing she 'd expected at her half - brother 's funeral .
i did n't have to do anything , nefrigar guided me through the entire thing , pulling energy from himself and then from me , allowing it to mix before slamming it back into both of us .
` ` darlie , this is going to be the best thing that ever happened to us , '' dantel schuul offered darletta a drink inside his private office .
my stomach still felt uneasy , as if the slightest thing might set it off again .
in fact , he was demanding that we find a way to keep you from suffering during this whole thing .
alvis was used to this sort of thing , it appeared .
` ` they 'll attack the palace first thing , to get to the prince . ''
i think i will always remember that day with teeg - the top of my head came midway on his upper arm and he smiled at me often , his white teeth flashing in a grin at times as he asked me about this thing or that .
delvin came in with milus and they got the same thing .
the other thing that surprised me , in addition to my being wakened like that , was that there were no less than six females i did n't recognize who were going with us .
that and another thing i can do , '' i grumbled .
i had no experience with this sort of thing .
the only good thing to come from all this was there were fewer to cook for .
i did n't know there was such a thing , but apparently there is . ''
unbidden , i recall my dream from this morning , and the muscles in my belly do the delectable clench thing .
it 's an annual charity thing .
the last thing i see as we leave is christian gently stroking leila 's head as he murmurs something softly to her .
you were the best thing that ever happened to your father and me .
` ` i was the best thing that ever happened to you , '' she hisses arrogantly at him .
from : christian grey subject : here 's the thing ...
her words would be the only thing to keep me from taking more .
it was a one - night thing , and she was ashamed of herself when it was over .
then mary ann fell in love with emily the moment she watched my angel talk to mase and play with him like it was the most natural thing in the world .
it seemed to be the thing to say because a huge grin broke out on his face ` ` i can teach you .
bum thing that happened . ''
i want the whole thing with prince charming sweeping me off my feet .
the next thing i knew , courtney let out a bloodcurdling scream .
i glanced down at the island , and the first thing i thought of was reed making love to me on it .
the next thing i knew , i felt him behind me .
as i gently kissed her , i tried to pour as much love into that kiss as i could , but the last thing i was going to do was push her into anything .
the next thing i knew , he was down on the ground , yelling out every curse word known to man .
it was nothing serious , but one night at a frat party , we both had too much to drink , and one thing led to another . ''
the next thing i knew , reed was on his knees in front of me .
i turned , and the first thing i saw was kevin holding kate while he was dancing with jen .
something about this whole thing felt so ... magical .
she tilted her head and gave me that smile of hers that had my stomach doing that damn flipping thing .
i slowly nodded , and the next thing i knew , reed sprang out of the car and began pacing .
she thought the whole thing was romantic and sweet - not to mention , funnier than shit .
the next thing i knew , reed was pulling me to him and picking me up .
that was the hottest thing ever !
the next thing i knew , she dropped out of my sight , and i saw courtney standing there .
the next thing i felt was mimi placing her finger on my chin and saying , ` ` let me shut your mouth for you , dear . ''
the last thing i remembered was courtney saying , ` ` we ca n't forget about the other bathroom and the half bath , too .
the next thing i knew , she threw my cell phone at me .
reed used his thumb to brush it away , and the next thing i knew , he was picking me up and carrying me to the truck .
the next thing i heard was the door opening and mrs . jenkins saying , ` ` good morning , liza .
there 's one thing i know for certain about you , walker .
the best thing that has ever happened to me will be coming down that escalator at any moment and i ca n't wait to hold her in my arms . ''
the last thing i heard was liza saying , ` ` walker reed moore .
i 'd had this whole thing planned out .
i balled up my fists and the first thing i thought of was that some asshole hurt my girl .
god , i was praying this was n't a one - time thing .
the next thing i remembered i was lying down and pulling her next to me as i fell asleep .
my heart began breaking knowing that we would be leaving to head back home first thing tomorrow morning .
the next thing i knew i was on her sofa and she was kneeling in front of me .
the only thing i saw when i closed my damn eyes was her smile and the pain in her eyes when she ran out of the barn .
another thing my mother was n't pleased with , even though my father asked me to go .
` ` i never do this kind of thing , but my friend bet me and , honestly , i ' m tired of the brat always winning .
i was beginning to think that maybe zoey did plan this whole thing .
i could n't help but wonder what maddie was thinking , whether she was thinking and dreaming the same thing i was .
i ' m leaving first thing tomorrow morning .
that was the hottest damn thing ever . ''
powers needs that presentation to be ready first thing in the morning .
your dad is expecting this presentation first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` god , this is the most amazing thing ever , '' i said .
they will schedule him for a ct either first thing in the morning or possibly even later this evening .
i 'd closed my eyes before the rest of my body slammed into the boat , and that was the last thing i remembered .
this was the one thing i 'd been waiting for .
one thing i noticed though , he could n't keep his eyes off lauren .
the flush across her cheeks was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen in my life .
the way he made love to me this morning for so long was the most romantic thing i could have ever imagined .
i hated to see the same thing happen to colt and lauren as what luke and i did .
the only thing it did was bring me more grief .
that 's when the really strange thing happened . ''
ellie is my sister , but she is the best fucking thing to ever happen to you .
` ` gunner , i just do n't want to fall into a routine where every day is the same thing .
the next thing i knew , jeff and i were on the ground and damn near naked .
mom tried to run and catch it , and he said it was probably the funniest thing he had ever seen .
` ` when is this damn thing over ?
he ran into the laundry room , and the next thing i knew , he was running out with a towel wrapped around him .
at any rate , chelsea had the whole thing planned out .
she was on top , going hard and fast , and the next thing i heard was jessie saying , ' oh my god . '
i was n't sure what made me do it , but the next thing i knew , i was inviting him to sit and have dinner with me .
` ` um ... trey ... i do n't feel right ... '' the next thing i knew , trey was carrying me in through the door and laying me down on the bed .
i walked into the wild coyote bar as miranda lambert 's ` ` baggage claim '' was playing , and the first thing i noticed was scott dancing .
` ` one thing led to another , and ... well ... '' she looked over at me and smiled a huge smile .
the next thing i knew , drake and aaron were both holding me back , and i felt my knees slowly giving out .
the next thing i knew , she was slamming into me and holding on to me so tightly .
` ` i think the thing that kills me the most is that i was carrying scott 's child when i let another man touch me .
the next thing i knew , scott had grabbed trey by the shirt and was about to punch him .
i quickly used the restroom , which seemed to be a normal thing now .
the next thing i knew , we were in a field and in the backseat of his truck where he had taken me to heaven and back twice .
watching heather have an orgasm and call out my name was the hottest fucking thing in the word .
it was the most romantic thing ever , and i will never forget this moment for as long as i live . ''
the next thing i knew , i was sitting in front of a computer , laughing my ass off and sipping sweet tea , as i began to plan my wedding ... with scott and my future in - laws .
i sat there and watched the whole thing play out as tears slid down my face .
the next thing i knew , lark took my phone and started talking to josh .
the officer called for me to follow him , and the next thing i knew , i was sitting next to jessie in the ambulance .
the next thing i knew , he was telling ellie to push , and she was squeezing the hell out of my hand .
the next thing i knew , my father was walking up .
the next thing i saw was scott tripping over scarlet , who had run in front of him and cut him off , while he was trying to hurdle the lounge chair , and then he landed in an awkward position .
the next thing i knew , gunner , jack , and greg were in the pool .
the next thing i knew , heather and ellie were right next to me .
` ` that is the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
they were walking together , holding hands , and it was probably the cutest damn thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` my god , if that is n't the cutest damn thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he whispered .
the next thing i knew , we were all rolling around on the ground , laughing and tickling each other .
the next thing i knew , my mother was all over me .
the next thing i knew , garrett was calling out my name as i called out his .
being with garrett like this would forever be my favorite thing .
when i saw he had something in his hand i screamed for garrett to watch out , but the next thing i knew , he 'd hit garrett over the head .
` ` garrett thomas mathews , this is the most romantic thing ever . ''
the next thing i knew , garrett was taking jack from my arms .
i must have drifted off , because the next thing i knew i was jolted into full consciousness by the sounds of rush 's ` ` working man '' blaring from my cell .
i looked up , my stomach doing that flippy thing again when caine appeared around the corner .
the only thing i was starting to predict was that if i did by some miracle find a way to make caine see who i really was , i was almost positive that i was n't going to come out of it unscathed .
caine had a work thing . ''
it was a onetime thing . ''
come friday the second thing happened to give me my answer ...
it was the hardest he 'd ever come with me , and it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
the sight of the er doctor rushing toward me was the last thing i remembered .
the last thing i remembered was caine getting in beside me and gently pulling me into his arms .
the first thing she noticed was that the page was obviously a photocopy of some handwriting .
that kind of thing used to happen all the time . ''
` ` death is the only thing that will help her . ''
the going places engraving had seemed so burdensome when her mother had given it to her , but now it seems kind of prophetic , like the most perfect thing to have wished for her .
it was the kind of thing that normally i 'd have adored , reveling in her haughtiness , because that 's how it had always been : meg and me versus the world .
` ` i saw an animal liberation front thing about it . ''
although one thing i know for damn certain is that she did n't tell me that she was in such intense pain that the only way to take it away was to order a batch of industrial poison and drink it down .
the guy running the show is from the campus counseling center but , thankfully , he does n't turn the whole thing into a suicide - prevention public- service announcement , bulleting all the different warning signs that we all so clearly missed .
then he looks out at the assembled group , and even though i ' ve never met him , and even though i ' m sitting off to the side next to alice , and even though it was only begrudgingly that i agreed to go to this thing because i felt bad about accusing alice of putting up that poison idea cover , his eyes stop on me .
and the thing with mr . purdue grabbing my ass had happened in february , a few weeks before she died .
and here 's the crazy awful horrible thing .
women are way better at bouncing back from this kind of thing , one person writes .
one thing i knew for sure : a year ago , mindy thomas never would have spoken to me like she just did .
i come back the next day , when the library should be open all day , but it 's the same thing .
he had it all planned out and wanted it to be special , but i freaked out and ruined the whole thing .
that was one more thing i had n't anticipated .
and there he was , sitting high above me in his jacked - up truck , the glasspacks announcing to the world that he was at the dairy queen to pick me up from work , and it was becoming a normal thing .
every good thing that happens to me gets twisted . ''
` ` let 's go home , and we 'll bring you back first thing in the morning .
this is the best thing to happen to this squad in years .
first thing in the morning , agents were either coming in or leaving to conduct interviews , to go to the courthouse , or to do the hundreds of other tasks that fell in the spectrum of our duties .
` ` for the entire thing ? ''
` ` we ... kind of had a thing over the weekend .
the first thing in my line of sight was thomas standing in front of the dartboard with a blonde , holding her in one arm as he tried to help her aim a dart with the other .
he looked up and touched the stretched fabric of my hoodie that covered my protruding belly - the second unplanned thing to ever happen to us .
` ` this waiting thing is kind of making me need to pee , '' charlie commented quietly .
` ` but then you kissed that guy who orchestrated the whole thing where the aissawa brotherhood ripped me out of nick , and then all those jinn turned up and you disappeared .
the only thing that makes her loss bearable is a promise i made to her .
` ` the thing . ''
i tell sheriff muir and also give him the heads - up that the school security cameras caught the whole thing , he 'll make sure principal watts does something about it . ''
that 's not an easy thing to get through , and if you 're the kind of person who would feel to blame for that ... well , that kind of blame when you 're just a kid ... could he have handled it better ?
the flippy thing my heart was doing turned into a full - on somersault as the seat beside me depressed and the smell of jake 's cologne hit me .
` ` space , '' i reiterated , my heartbeat doing this horrible jittery jumpy thing that i felt vibrating all the way up into the bottom of my throat .
mom had never been a big crier before ... well , before ... but she welled up at the slightest thing now .
another thing to feel guilty about .
i thought you got me to throw this thing , invite her here , so you could talk to her , patch things up .
i heard my dad curse under his breath and the next thing he 'd closed the distance between us and i was in his warm , safe , strong arms .
` ` the nape thing , '' his fingers tickled under my hair , brushing gently over the back of my neck , ` ` what 's it all about ? ''
but claud ... the worst thing in the world just happened to him and you 're the one person he sought out . ''
pedra sat tense throughout the entire thing , her lips pinched into a sour , disapproving look .
it 's the most daring thing that ever happened to you . ''
she said it was the first thing her clients saw upon entering , and most thought it funny .
it 's my mom 's birthday that weekend and dad 's got this whole big dinner thing planned .
when i was thirteen my big sister , ellie , was diagnosed with a brain tumor , and although it turned out to be benign , the whole thing scared the crap out of us all .
because one thing i did know for certain - nate was right .
the worst thing that ever happened to me before it was ellie 's tumor .
the night before , when i told him i would n't be able to make it to this performance because of a family thing , he 'd been really cool about it .
it 's not likely that we 'll cross paths at this thing .
` ` it was a stupid thing that made me wake up .
a thing i could deal with because ...
` ` you 're worth every bad thing that 's ever happened to me , because going through them led me to you . ''
i ' m offering you a family who will love and protect you not only because i love and protect you , but because you 're an amazing woman who deserves every sweet thing life has to give .
it 's not as if they were the only ones with pale eyes , plus there was a thing called contacts .
the only thing i could figure out was that ren was hunting the ancient , but what made him- ` ` you look like crap today . ''
i ' ve never heard of such a thing . ''
the second thing i learned came after i put the helmet on and ren did the same .
but the final thing was when i sat rigid behind him , my thighs resting against the outer length of his - i had no idea where to put my hands .
` ` you were riding my hand , and ivy , there is n't a damn thing wrong with that .
the only thing that could be heard was the clicking of the clock on the wall , and then david said , ` ` everyone but you out of the room . ''
` ` it 's a good thing - a powerful thing to see a female you like wearing your clothes .
i assumed the same thing was happening at the church , as needless as that was .
without asking , i knew orders to bring val in had been placed by the order , and it would be a dead or alive sort of thing .
might be a handy thing having a politician dancing at your every command , said the raven .
the remarkable thing here was that she could n't ever remember receiving such a warm social welcome .
` ` yes , '' said justin , like it was the most natural thing in the world .
in her current state , barely able to stand , with the world spinning , it was possible the entire thing had been a hallucination .
justin would ' ve really liked to refer him to geraki , who had much more experience with this kind of thing , but until the arcadian drama settled down and hansen acclimated to society , it was probably best if he was n't seen associating with someone on a government watch list .
what you ' ve done is the last thing from failure . ''
except , the thing was , justin was afraid she would n't understand , that she would tell him service to a god was worth the price of their happiness .
the only thing that brought me joy and meaning is on her way to a war zone , justin retorted .
the first thing tessa saw was that his citizenship space read : none .
one thing he had n't expected was a technological learning curve .
one thing tessa had mentioned when quizzed further about her encounter had particularly piqued justin 's interest - geraki 's comment about sci hiring more servitors .
the most astonishing thing happened .
the next thing i knew , lucian darling was the champion of those seeking genetic freedom .
compounded with everyone at the table 's being drunk , the whole thing was kind of a mess .
the only thing i ' m pretty confident of is that we 're dealing with some pissed - off geneticist .
it might have been the most beautiful thing she 'd seen since coming to the runa .
the only thing it proved for sure was that emil had obtained some relative 's hair .
if his life had n't been on the line , the whole thing would ' ve been comical .
they were hard to focus on , though , and if he had n't seen the same thing when she fought golden arrow 's worshippers , he would ' ve thought he was imagining it now or had something in his eye .
` ` it 's a common thing in religions .
losing her visa was probably the best thing she could hope for .
and then the most extraordinary thing happened .
the next thing i know , porfirio 's swaggering up to the table i ' m at with finn , ready for a fight she does n't even know about . ''
it was pretty much the most scandalous thing that could happen to a young patrician woman .
she turned as mae took a few more steps forward , and then , the most astonishing thing happened .
that was the last thing mae heard before her heart exploded .
but one thing that came out of this was justin 's acceptance that he needed to do something very unwelcome and very unpleasant : talk to geraki .
the thing is , i know there 's something bigger going on .
that fund - raiser thing he wrote about is actually a pretty good idea .
` ` it was a very close thing , '' said edria gravely .
it was n't the most uncomfortable thing i 'd ever experienced , but it certainly got my attention .
volusian also made it clear that watching him had been the most boring thing ever and a waste of the spirit 's formidable talents .
the funny thing was , though , i was n't the one who 'd blown the wall apart .
the other thing that happened was ... varia banished volusian .
and speaking of kiyo ... the most startling thing of all hit me .
the only good thing that will happen then is that she 'll die quickly . ''
` ` this , '' he said , ` ` might be the most astonishing thing that 's happened in a while . ''
his court sighed happily , as though it were the best thing they 'd ever seen .
the only thing i could be certain of was that i was n't pregnant , which was a huge relief .
what they did n't know was that i 'd taken steps to protect against this very thing .
` ` young people mistake infatuation for ' true love ' when there 's no such thing .
the awful thing was , i did n't know if he was right .
the thing is , if that will becomes too noticeable , they 'll try to do something about it .
` ` it was that tall one you had leaning in the corner , the kind of weird yellow - and - purple - cloud thing . ''
that was the last thing i heard before i saw what looked like a taser in her hand .
` ` the only thing i saw was in your reflection control room , and you ' ve got that pretty well guarded . ''
the ironic thing was , i could ' ve compelled her enough to give us everything for free .
instead , i saw a message from jill : this is the most romantic thing ever .
that does n't mean i approve of it becoming a regular thing , but you ' ve really shown you can master it without any dire side effects . ''
bringing back jill had taken its toll on me , temporarily draining me of spirit , but it had been a one - time thing .
much like the care given to her physical exterior , though , that upkeep seemed to be a thing of the past .
i decided then that the best thing that could happen would be if jackie called and told us alicia had been dealt with , jill was free , and sydney and i could live happily ever after in council bluffs .
the other thing i noticed was that olive 's cloak was gone .
we entered what seemed to be a sort of office , and the first thing i noticed was that they had electricity .
and while i was ready to acknowledge that his birth was a wondrous , joyous thing , i was n't ready to let his life be a series of experiments and finger - pointing - especially when his mother had died to protect him from that .
the whole thing sounded awful the more she described it , and i again wanted to ask sydney not to go .
` ` the thing is , you throw brains and souls into an animal and stir , you do n't really know what you 're going to get .
kizzy slept restlessly and dreamed many things that night -- lips and fingers and fruit , and jack husk taking off his goggles and tasting her , beginning with the tender insides of her wrists .
either way it was a simple thing : a lost diary fell into the hands of a soul - sick war hero on a train from bombay to jaipur just when he 'd grown tired of the scenery and needed something to keep his thoughts from the minefield of his wretched memories .
her bleeding came and went twice more , and she waited and waited for the new bad thing , but still it did n't come .
the struggling thing , mab was certain , was indeed pain , though she knew druj felt it not .
it was a small thing to hope for and the last hope she had , and she did n't have any notion then of it being a stupid wish .
` ` for me , '' he said , with an effort at calmness , ` ` the thing that brings the memories closest is ... a kiss . ''
kazimir andrasko , actor , ghost , vampire , and jerk , actually slept through the whole thing , but would afterward claim to have blacked out while reading nietzsche - at what he later determined was the precise moment of the arrival - and suffered a vision of the end of the world .
and then karou is there with blood on her blades and virko is folding his spikes back down - they interweave , zuzana sees , and the elegance of it ... the symmetry almost overwhelms her with its perfection , and that 's the thing that she 'll remember most , not the dismemberment , her mind is already pulling a curtain on that , but the symmetry - and virko 's spikes are n't padded now with a smelly blanket , and there 's no harness to hold on to when when mik boosts her up , but zuzana 's not afraid , not of this .
would a disembodied voice really be the oddest thing that happened to this man all day ?
razgut 's smile was a diabolical thing .
he 'd actually let himself picture this simple thing , as though it were n't the biggest fantasy of all .
there was something in the thought of this simple , simple thing that had crystallized all of akiva 's hope and vulnerability and made him able to see and believe , truly , that he could be a ... a person , after the war .
she knew what had been wrong with her , and it was not the thing she 'd most feared .
as i struggle to keep away from the flames , i notice the strangest thing .
maybe i had dreamed the whole thing , and teren never came in the first place .
and the strangest thing happens .
funny thing to be sad about .
how can she be the best and the worst thing that has ever happened to me ?
` ` that 's ... that 's the first thing i remember . ''
the first thing i notice is that the room on the camera does n't look like it would be a room in the house charlie lives in now .
it started as a celebration for the last tuesday before lent , but i guess it 's turned into a year - round thing . ''
it was mailed first thing tuesday morning .
if settling down were even a thing i could do .
i stay with him for a while , sometimes dancing , sometimes singing along , until some new thing draws my attention .
it takes all over my willpower to block out thoughts of the bad thing that happened tonight .
she must be exhausted because she stays sleeping through the entire thing .
what if the same thing happens all over again ?
` ` did i mention that the sight of you on all fours was the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen ?
there are probably people out there who ' ve been through this same thing .
` ` what terrible thing ? ''
when you left three months ago , i thought that was the hardest thing i 'd ever faced .
and do i want it to be a thing thing or just a regular thing ?
and what would a thing thing entail exactly ?
and what would a thing thing entail exactly ?
` ` we met at a thing . ''
and i ' m not sure if i like this kind of thing .
i ' m going to watch you come apart around my fingers , and it might just be the hottest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` hottest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
why is that the worst thing that could happen ? ''
he might decide i ' m what 's best for him , but one of the few things i do know right now is that henry breaking up with me was the best thing that could have happened .
if i bring him into this place , even in my thoughts , one of two things will happen .
if the same thing had happened to me on the football field , i would have been called a pansy already and told to get up and walk it off .
maybe he does n't want his friends to know about whatever this thing is .
since that 's the only thing you 'll see for a while . ''
the last few weeks with her are the most serious thing i ' ve ever had , the only relationship , romantic or otherwise , that has ever meant this much .
the really scary thing is the moment you realize that for the rest of your life , you 'll feel twice the pain , twice the joy , twice the fear .
i just grab the handcuffs off matt and snap them on the first thing i see , and the police officer is just staring at me like i 'd completely lost my mind .
` ` i want a thing like that .
i 'd always meant to , but it is n't exactly my proudest memory , and the longer i 'd put it off , the easier it had become to pretend that it was n't a thing .
that was the best thing i ' ve seen all night . ''
i saw a thing on the news just this morning about the decline in the number of cattle in texas .
we texted back and forth over the weekend , and she did n't seem like she 'd changed her mind , but she said she had church with her dad on sunday and some dance thing on monday and work on tuesday .
i ' m pretty sure that 's a reoccurring thing until death do us part .
` ` since the thing with levi , i have a grad assistant keeping an eye on the players , their online accounts and stuff .
it 's pretty clear what she thinks , so first thing monday morning , instead of getting dressed for my usual workout , i walk into coach 's office with my head held high and tell him , ` ` i 'll quit the team . ''
that i ' m part of whatever twisted thing abrams and moore had going at the beginning of the year ?
i squeeze my eyes shut , and i ' m unsure whether this is the best or worst thing that 's ever happened .
and out of all the plans i ' ve made for my life , falling in love was the one thing i did n't envision , the only thing you ca n't really plan for .
and out of all the plans i ' ve made for my life , falling in love was the one thing i did n't envision , the only thing you ca n't really plan for .
the whole thing was like some weird bond movie , only with far fewer explosions and government secrets .
if she drank that , one less thing to tempt me .
` ` i just wanted to tell you something - you know , before the whole walk - down - the - aisle thing . ''
he 'd watched the whole thing , and he knew me well enough to know exactly what i 'd been thinking .
i knew that the first thing upon her arrival she 'd want to have a cup of tea .
we have n't planned a thing , and likely wo n't just yet , '' i said , taking a deep breath .
which i barely had time to process , because the next thing i knew he was on the floor between my legs , with his back to the wall , pulling me against his mouth .
` ` because here 's the thing .
apparently , mr . mi6 knew what kind of thing went on there , and he wondered how .
stupid thing to think of , really .
the sort of thing he 'd met among the standing stones , that was what .
it 's the sort of thing you wonder , studying history ... but there 's no way of telling , really .
these seemed all things that had happened before ; nothing he said or did could change a thing ; it was all fated .
going through the first time was the most terrible thing i 'd ever had happen to me .
then come in and tell me what 's the first thing you saw . ''
` ` you 'll never believe what 's the first thing i saw , '' she said , laughing as she saw them .
just to see a wee thing , like the curve of your chin '' -he touched my jaw gently , letting his hand slide up to cup my head , thumb stroking my earlobe- '' or your ears , and the bittie holes for your earbobs .
` ` well , that 's a foolish thing to make a story about , aye ? ''
what with one thing and another , i did n't think i wanted to take advantage of madame jeanne 's hospitality any longer than necessary .
` ` it 's no the sort of thing men talk much about , aye ?
` ` what wi ' one thing and another , it 's been the bloody hell of a day , no ? ''
he did say one thing i thought verra interesting , though , '' he added , squinting at the web .
they 'll be up here , next thing ! ''
if he had married again , thinking me dead , that was one thing .
the single women took it in turns to spin about , and walk through the door wi ' their eyes closed , then spin again and open their eyes to see what the first thing they might see would be - for that tells them about the man they 'll marry , ye ken . ''
` ` yes , sir , that 's one thing a captain does , '' maitland said .
the only thing that could make things worse , in laoghaire 's view , would be to hear that i had participated in the ceremony .
the last thing i saw , amid flashes of light , was his face , gone white beneath the tan .
` ` not the sort of thing you 'd learn firsthand , i mean . ''
the closest thing i ' ve done to this is to dirk a man in the wame , and it feels a bit strange to think of doin ' such a thing to you , sassenach . ''
` ` and when a man is alone that way - well , it 's maybe no decent to say it , but making love to a woman is maybe the only thing will make him forget it for a time . ''
the only thing anyone might ha ' seen was that grannie joan weighed half what i did , newly delivered as i was , but no one seemed to notice she was light in macrae 's arms . ''
` ` i thought you told me there was no such thing . ''
` ` have you seen such a thing yourself ? ''
a thing your - frank - that he said to her .
what with one thing and another , it was some time of wandering through pig yards , shacks , and ill - smelling wharves before he found his way back to the proper district , there to find his cousin adam going up and down the street , banging on doors and hallooing loudly in search of him .
` ` aye , i mean to go and speak to mr . hall first thing tomorrow morning .
my few brushes with notoriety had not been pleasant , and the last thing i wanted roger to find was a report of my being hanged for bank robbery , executed for witchcraft , or having been pecked to death by vengeful gulls .
one thing led to another . ''
the thing about tom christie , '' he went on , ` ` is that he wants ye .
` ` i ' ve never kissed ye without knowing who ye were - and that 's a thing poor tom will never know . ''
ye know : god 's in his heaven , all 's right with the world sort of thing . ''
` ` turned blue , that kind of thing . ''
` ` what 's the strangest thing you ' ve ever seen ?
there was blood on the deck ; that was the first thing i saw .
there were landscapes ... a thing purporting to be an egyptian scene , though he took leave to doubt that the painter had ever set foot south of the breton coast .
that sort of thing formed a bond , he knew - though he had never , thank god , felt any sort of tendresse for any of the women who had attended him in ill health .
killed in the street at night while hurrying to give the last rites to a dying parishioner , such a terrible thing .
words printed on paper , ye 'll recall the sort of thing ?
` ` was n't that the damnedest thing ye ever saw ?
jamie made a small scottish noise in his throat and cut his eyes at dr . rawlings , indicating that he thought this an improper thing to be discussing in front of the enemy .
but the next thing did n't happen .
` ` just ... how near a thing ? ''
` ` it 's just the same thing that happens underground , '' i pointed out .
` ` first thing in the morning , maybe - aye , that 's a more fearsome prospect . ''
but places held tight to the things that had happened in them , and to come again to a place you had once lived was to be brought face - to - face with what you had done there and who you had been .
a verra strange thing .
not all the time , but now and then - and the nasty thing is that even though it 's gone , it still hurts like damnation , which doesna seem really fair . ''
the back of his mind harbored a forlorn hope that there was some misunderstanding , that cameron had mistaken the night and , realizing it , was bringing jem back home , even as roger and his bloody five times greatgrandfather tore over a rocky moor in the dark , headed straight for the most terrible thing either of them knew .
lord john had closed his eyes for a moment , plainly envisioning just what sort of thing might happen next , but then opened them and said briskly , ` ` all right , then .
the room could have been blazing with sun , and i still could n't have seen a thing in the inner reaches of henri - christian 's throat .
` ` what a strange thing , '' she said to both of them , but her hazel eyes were fixed on william , soft and troubled .
it 's often much the same sort o ' thing . ''
i kept a wary eye out ; we were near enough to dr . hebdy 's surgery that he might come out to see the trouble , and the very last thing i needed was that charlatan to materialize , fleam at the ready .
` ` the thing is , he 's not stable .
` ` ken , if jamie came and didna find ye here , he 'd go to the printshop next thing , '' jenny observed , making the hair prickle on the back of my neck .
the first thing that happens in a newly occupied city is a shortage of food , and with the continental army poised to descend on philadelphia like a plague of locusts , the wagons that normally brought in produce from the countryside would likely be sparse .
` ` i told him it was foolery ; i didna need such a thing to ken the time , nay more than he did himself .
` ` bloody hell , '' he muttered , ` ` be weeping on the step , next thing . ''
but now it was a quiet , hard thing in his core .
it was n't a huge thing ; no fiery coruscations or neon .
that was a remarkably dangerous thing to happen even in a modern hospital with a full delivery - suite staff attending - most of the babies who did that died of suffocation , lung injury , or infection .
what with one thing and another , he 'd quite forgotten the whore and her sister .
there 's a thing called a clearness committee , which meets wi ' the bride and groom to counsel them and make sure they 're suited and that they ' ve some notion what they 're in for . ''
the flesh goes green and putrid - beastly smell - limb rots , dead in days ... that sort of thing ? ''
` ` you lie flat , keep your eye closed , and bloody stay out of trouble , if such a thing is possible . ''
ian had never seen such a thing , but he knew men - old men - who had and would tell you about it with pleasure .
` ` dunno , sir , but colonel grey says it 's a hair - of - the - dog - what - bit - you sort of thing . ''
` ` we buried the tea chest first thing , '' she informed him .
preparing to disappear into the past , leaving all stuff behind , was one thing ; preparing to disappear while thinking that you might eventually come back and need that stuff again - or that your children might come back twenty years later , without you ... she swallowed .
doing it with a stone is the most horrible thing i ... maybe better not to say that .
` ` that ornament - strange thing , no ? ''
and the thing in the tunnel .
` ` a fine thing for a mother to be thinking about her son , '' i said under my breath , though i could neither keep the amusement out of my own voice nor say she was wrong .
` ` i 'll need to build the new house first thing , '' he said thoughtfully .
not an unusual thing to happen to a prisoner , by any means .
one thing had led to another , and , by degrees , he had steered the conversation to the battle at brandywine creek and thence to british prisoners of war ... and eventually he 'd been taken to the small burying ground that lay before him now .
first thing this morning , she discovered the whereabouts of amaranthus cowden by the simple expedient of stopping a well - dressed lady on the street , admiring her gown , and then asking for the names of the better dressmakers in the city , on the assumption ( as she later explained to me ) that ben would not have married either a plain woman or one with no interest in fashion .
` ` he might , '' i said slowly , ` ` but the thing is - john thought he was an intelligencer - a spy or secret agent of some sort .
` ` marsali asked me if we 'd take germain , '' he said , drawing fanny in against him in a sheltering hug , as if this were a common thing .
a thing like that would tear them to pieces - and put them at loggerheads wi ' us , nay doubt , for they 'd be insisting up and down that maggie was lying , rather than believe such a thing .
the only thing i ' ve seen calm her was petting francis , my cat .
like that was the most significant thing that could ever happen to me .
we 're doin ' a bonfire thing tonight , over by the inlet .
also , i ' m giving a quiz over cpi first thing friday morning , in case you want to work that into your thursday worksheet .
but during spring break , there 's no such thing as a deserted beach here .
i did n't want to move and risk waking up , but i could n't help lancing my fingers through her soft hair so i could both touch her and watch every single thing she did .
i was terrified of the same thing .
our voices carry in the closed - in room , and because one thing today is going right , it 's completely empty except for us .
noah would have never made love to me if we were n't a forever thing , but there 's this doubt .
the one thing you never do is fight . ''
is it possible one thing is going right in my life ?
` ` did n't see the whole cross - dressing thing happening .
i imagined the worst thing she did was speed on the freeway .
we were at a restaurant as a formality , as a normal date - type thing before i ripped off his pants .
her laugh was a quiet , husky thing .
it was the last thing i heard before no one saw her again .
just as i turn toward the house , i notice a boy and a girl across the street on the sidewalk , watching the whole thing .
` ` the last thing i woke up to was carly pushing me into a swimming pool - sized cup of scalding coffee .
but the next thing i know , it 's whipping around really fast .
and here i am thinking this is the funniest thing ever .
` ` maybe it ends up being the thing i ' ve always wanted , '' she states , like she 's trying to make a point .
the next thing i know , she 's straddling me , breathing in my face .
the next thing i know , the four of us are screaming , the sound echoing across the field .
` ` the strangest thing happened the other day .
` ` i had this whole thing planned for when you 're supposed to arrive tomorrow night , '' i say when she stops to admire the motorcycle , running her hand along the blue flames on the gas tank .
i do n't know where the headlights came from , do n't know how i missed another car idling in the parking lot , but the next thing i knew , there was a squeal of tires , the smell of rubber burning , and a sedan barreling right at her .
i saw his stomach muscles hollow out , saw his chest rise and fall in a deep breath , and his eyes did that thing where they shifted from pretty green to intense and needy black .
i might have screamed his name , or maybe i blacked out for a second , because the next thing i knew he was grinding his way to his own release and groaning his completion into my mouth as he dropped down and sealed our lips together in one final soul - entangling kiss .
any little thing he could get away with for lowering your grade , he was finding it and taking away points . ''
even if they know about it , about how this place works , bad things will happen no matter who the gatekeeper happens to be . ''
i could n't believe dovie was acting like this kind of thing just happened every day .
sometimes , i worry the same thing .
you two really do have some kind of thing going on , do n't you ?
of all the things i hope and suspect , dread and anticipate , there 's one thing i know for sure as i stand looking up into the eyes of this man .
i ' ve relived it a dozen times every day , changing some little thing each time , wishing it had turned out differently .
the funny thing is : she was n't angry with jamie .
she said the whole thing was my fault for being out of bed when she had visitors .
unfortunately , the one way that he 's not will probably be the one thing that takes him away from me .
` ` here 's the thing : the woman that 's hosting it is a founding member of the club .
i hope to god it 's not some sort of anniversary - type thing she 's planning .
but the most incredible thing of all was miracle .
the funny thing was , he had completely deluded himself about the ` ` good thing '' part .
he reasoned that it was no doubt due to their close proximity , the limited number of places they 'd gone and similar things they 'd observed .
and just like that , she was over it and moving on to the next wondrous thing .
strange , awful things happened like that all the time in cities across the country .
she 'd been incredible through the whole thing .
what a shitheel thing to do .
the last thing i hear before i smother her mouth with mine is a squeal .
i know it was supposed to be a one - time thing with sig , but after last night ... i knew i 'd need more .
reese is the one thing that i look forward to every day , the one saving grace this life has for me .
` ` i ' ve watched every single thing he 's done to you until i ca n't watch it one more time .
chapter forty - three - reese waking with kennedy in my arms is the only solid , real thing that i feel when i open my eyes .
chapter seven - sloane the only good thing i can think of when i open my eyes is that it 's thursday .
but the one thing that bothers me most , the one thing i was least expecting , is how much it hurts me to see the hate in her eyes .
the thing is , it 's not steven 's signature .
the only thing hemi did was stumble upon it . ''
but , like the strong - willed person that she is , she smiles through the whole thing , never giving someone even so much as a dirty look .
the only thing we can control is living today with no regret . ''
one thing you can be sure of , though .
i saw the doorknob twist and the next thing i knew , i was drinking from him . ''
the last thing i felt before my teeth broke his skin was his arms fold around me and pul me in close .
` ` but i thought it was kind of an ongoing thing ?
i turned in a circle , all my senses reaching out to scan my surroundings for someone , for some thing .
bodies brushed me from every angle , every direction , but the only thing that i felt was bo pressed to my front from chest to thigh .
i listened closely for any sounds , but the only thing i heard was the muffled thump of my own heartbeat beating in my ears .
` ` that 's the last thing that i remember clearly .
i could only hope that bo would be able to do something to ensure that this kind of thing did n't happen to anyone else , and certainly not to aisha again .
it was as if the whole thing happened in slow motion .
the first thing i noticed was that i smelled roses .
the funny thing is that , at the time , i thought it would be easy .
` ` watching you , '' he confessed , as if that was the most natural thing in the world , to be lurking in a dark parking lot in the middle of the night .
it was just about the only thing that i truly looked forward to .
the only good thing i could say about the time spent with my family was that they 'd managed to take my mind off bo , but that was like saying that someone cut off my leg to take my mind off the hole in my chest - simply a trade of one painful thing for another .
even if the injury is n't serious , it 's still a scary thing to behold .
the only thing i was honestly sorry about , though , was that i had to stop .
the locker thing was a mild stunt , something that only brushed the surface of trinity 's deep and disturbing repertoire of vengeful schemes .
the most important thing i noticed was that she did n't mention lars one time .
whatever bizarre thing had happened with lars notwithstanding , what protection could i provide bo ?
jet 's eyes are the most intense thing i ' ve ever seen .
deedee says this like it 's an abnormal thing , but considering her long list of pseudo - medical problems , she spends more days on the couch than not .
i realize two things as i make my way to violet 's car , towing her dad along .
this is hardly the kind of thing i get excited about .
you 're the best thing that has ever happened to him , and if he ca n't see that , he 's not just an ass**le .
the first level is n't too bad , but the thing is , you have to climb up onto another , higher part of the rock to get to the tire and swing out over the water .
so i just avoid that kind of thing . ''
we had a thing when i was still in high school .
laney watched the whole thing with her mouth hanging open .
what you did to me was the best thing to ever come my way .
but i could n't live with myself if this heartbreak , this utter devastation was the last thing i saw on her beautiful face .
i hope she 's thinking what i ' m thinking - that the only thing better than this would be if it was me between her legs .
the only thing i can figure is that my use of the l word freaked him out .
the heavy scent of sanitizer stings my nose and makes me think of unpleasant things , of sick people and dying people and people who are lost without each other .
then , as fast as i can manage to move first thing in the morning with a hangover , i turn over and loop my arm around her tiny waist and throw her onto the bed .
for the first time since the second grade , i do n't tell jenna every little thing that 's going on inside my head .
` ` here 's the thing , though .
it 's kind of a thing at lucky's - every thirty minutes , the dj plays two ballads back to back .
the sad thing is , it 's gone before i can even really identify it .
introducing rags to human touch for the first time and having cami there for the whole thing was just ... sublime .
chapter thirty - nine - cami like i have every morning for three weeks , i get up first thing and go to the window to look down at the stable .
did i dare dwell on such an extraordinary thing ?
movies were another ` ` silly '' thing that i seldom got to enjoy , but since the opportunity had presented itself , i was n't going to squander it .
i knew that if i had any chance of escaping whatever gruesome things had taken place here , i had to move fast .
i braced myself for whatever bizarre thing might happen next and walked to the door .
i could n't see a thing , i had n't found derek and i was all by myself .
and they had except for one thing : the lifeless body of my father lay only a few feet away .
it sounded like such an intimate thing , to feel me .
it was as if i 'd imagined the whole thing .
it felt so surreal , the whole thing , that i was afraid when i woke up , you 'd be gone .
nash said that was kind of a thing . ''
in fact , i might ' ve convinced myself i 'd dreamed the whole thing if it were n't for the soreness i feel between my legs when i move .
the most surprising thing , however , is that he 's chatting up a storm with cash , who appears to be making breakfast .
i ' m not surprised at all that olivia is the type to root for the underdog , to feel the need to find justice , that kind of thing .
chapter thirty - one - olivia it 's the most bizarre and surreal thing to be looking at the guy i ' ve known as cash and suddenly see nash appear .
the only thing that would make it more dramatic is if my hair was on fire or i was a man .
` ` okay , then i used to like that kind of thing .
that 's the last thing i remember until now .
` ` the funny thing is , the only thing i want is you .
the first thing i notice is that there 's a great smelling woman curled up against my side .
the second thing i notice is that her leg draped over mine has given me a raging hard - on .
the last thing i see is the black pools of nash 's eyes when they meet mine as he 's shutting the door .
i ' m pretty surprised myself , and that 's not an easy thing to accomplish .
his lips curve up into the closest thing i ' ve seen to a genuinely tender smile .
the second thing i learn is that i like ginger .
and it 's the one thing that ca n't be erased , the one bond that ca n't be broken , no matter how estranged we are .
normally , i do n't put up with that kind of thing , but in this case , i find it intriguing .
i walk slowly toward him , taking in every detail , savoring every sweet second that leads up to the only thing i ' ve thought about for all these years .
i find myself wondering almost confusedly if this is real or if i ' ve dreamed the whole thing .
the next thing i know , tom is pulling me hard to his chest , and his arms are around me , holding me .
the last thing i register is tom growling out , ` ` fuck ! ''
the next thing i hear is this caveman growly sound coming from tom .
the next thing i know , his hard body is pressing into mine , backing me up .
the next thing i knew , she was half - naked and on me .
the next thing i know , a very naked tom is pressed up against me .
i wait to follow him in , but the next thing i know , he 's picking me back up .
an unfulfilled destiny is a powerful thing to come between friends . ''
this was probably the most horrifying thing they 'd ever seen .
and while i despised her weakness , i understood one thing that i had n't before .
funny thing is ... '' i leaned in .
it 's more of an in - the - dead - of - the - night thing when the whole house is asleep and no one can see or hear him . ''
one thing i knew right then and there .
she urged again , and the next thing i knew she was swatting me with a magazine .
that 's one thing where arizona wins out over shelburne falls .
i loved it , and i wondered if jax liked that sort of thing .
` ` funny thing is , '' i continued through his laughter , ` ` i have n't cried . ''
i swallowed , wanting and not wanting the same exact thing .
the next thing i knew the popsicle was gone , and jax was between my legs , licking up the red juice that had melted all over my skin .
i was n't sure if it was the way i was dressed , the way i was n't dressed , my long hair , my piercings , or the clear evidence that we 'd just been all over each other , but one thing i did know .
one thing led to another , and i ... '' i hesitated and swallowed .
all i felt was the heat of her lips against my skin , and i knew one thing .
she came in here as if it was the most natural thing in the world , and thank god for that .
it 's the only thing i do know for sure . ''
dear k.c . , i read once that the best thing that can happen to a woman is to get her heart broken .
i had to hand it to jax about one thing .
` ` you 're the best thing that ever happened to me !
the only thing that was there was grant standing on stage in my favorite pair of his jeans and a black button - up , the sleeves rolled up to his elbows .
or was donovan actually a real thing , and you were covering it up when we got back together ? ''
dismissing him as a phase was the nicest thing that could happen .
when i strode up to the entrance , the first thing i noticed was the smoking - hot chick talking to one of the guys out front .
the next thing i knew , i was waking up to the sound of someone banging on the door downstairs .
and the thing he regrets the most ... is that he missed you growing up , that he does n't know you , grant . ''
` ` seems like a silly thing to get angry about . ''
it was the strangest thing that had ever happened to me .
` ` you know another good thing , princess ? ''
my parents had set up this entire thing .
the whole thing had been less than an hour , but a significant hour .
that was the unluckiest thing that she had ever witnessed .
students seemed to like that kind of thing .
he had planned the whole thing out .
what could be the worst thing that could happen if she got caught - she could n't see him anymore ?
and he could n't know the most important thing that had happened to her that summer .
how could he have planned this whole thing , gotten her to a freaking island , and then not called to let her know he was n't coming to see her ?
` ` are you here for that thing brady 's hosting tonight ? ''
the next moment felt like an eternity , as if liz were watching the whole thing in slow motion .
only good thing she could think of at the moment .
she did n't feel like the best thing that had ever happened to anyone , but she could n't argue with him .
it was an annual thing for seniors to thank them for dedicating so much time to the school and the enhancement of their education .
she had told victoria that the worst thing that could happen would be for hayden to leave her .
she had thought the worst thing would be for hayden to leave her .
` ` you know how we agreed that the worst thing that could happen when i told hayden about brady was that he would leave me ? ''
the worst thing that could happen was that he would notice her reaching for it .
she said that i should tell hayden , because the worst thing that could happen was that he would leave me .
at the time , i really thought that was the worst thing that could happen .
the first good thing to happen to her today .
hearing out your ex - boyfriend is the last thing that is good for us . ''
then once i moved here , one thing led to another ... '' ` ` and now you 're together . ''
chapter 25 one and the same thing liz heard the door open behind her .
but the most beautiful thing of all was the sheer number of everyday citizens here to celebrate their own congressman .
the editor had turned her column into a biweekly thing , and she did n't want to miss a post amid her hectic schedule .
` ` and that night you said that the most romantic thing was sitting in an open field looking up at the stars . ''
that 's a thing , '' victoria said dismissively .
and kylie 's saying trust me like it ai n't no thing .
we practiced together for maybe a week , and then he tried to kiss me , too , and the same thing happened .
` ` is it an ... ongoing thing ? ''
each and every day , even if we 're just rolling across the country on the tour bus , holds new joy and fresh and exciting things to see and feel and hear and do .
his arm extends behind me , and it 's the most natural thing in the world for me to lean into him .
is it the thing with mom , again ?
his dad committed suicide before he was born , and his mom moved around a lot , just messed up from the whole thing .
you know ... this thing .
the one thing she does n't do is cry . ''
no , not even that , it 's ... what i deserve is n't even a real thing .
there 's only one thing missing , now : i shift my hips and slide downward , and he 's inside me , his thick shaft piercing my folds , and now i ' m aching with fullness .
the calloways and the dorseys have paid for the entire thing .
i realized pretty early on in the process of recovering from my epic fuckup that the only way to make sure that kind of thing never happens again is to just stay sober full time .
' that 's the most incredible thing ever !
even though roy and george had fully recovered , there were those unbearable few seconds where their fate was in flux , where all that was knowable was that two boys were probably on their way to death and there was nothing , not one single thing , that any adult watching could do about it , something that george only fully understood one afternoon when amanda , fifteen steps ahead of him on a pavement and still struggling with this whole new walking lark , had suddenly lurched sideways and fallen off a curb between two parked cars , momentarily disappearing from sight .
with a hat that looked both ninety years out of date and a harbinger of the latest thing .
' what a weird thing to remember .
' is such a thing possible ? '
' just that this extraordinary thing has happened .
' the only unnatural thing would be if there were no coincidences , george .
you 're thinking , on the one hand , she 's obviously the very best thing that will ever happen to you in your sad little life , but on the other hand , damn her and her elusiveness and her secrecy .
but if you stay here , you 're going to end up taking over this shop , and that would be the saddest thing that ever happened .
the terrible , terrible thing she has achieved , far worse than any forgiveness could ever be .
and then kumiko had opened her mouth to speak , and the next thing rachel remembered , she was downstairs , looking for her keys in her handbag .
he would look back on this moment , press at it , see if he could sense something more there that he could name , because it really did feel like it was here that the important thing happened .
that , in myriad ways , she had been both the best and the worst thing that had ever happened to me .
' this is the kind of thing i was talking about .
daddy had a word with one of his old friends at the red cross , who has some friends high up in the rn , and the next thing i had orders saying i ' ve got a place on the next boat out , even though , strictly speaking , i should be low priority .
get on a train first thing tomorrow morning . '
' a few things spilt out of our cases when the engines did that juddery thing earlier .
both the top brass and the australian government are keen not to have that kind of thing repeated over here .
and we 're putting in all sorts of safeguards to stop any improper mixing - you know the sort of thing . '
' i try to imagine what he 's thinking now , because the worst thing about waiting so long for letters is that you know all the feelings are out of date .
' stopping fights , that kind of thing .
that was if anyone had had the inclination to do so ; the next shore leave was still a fair distance away and there was little doubt it was the most fascinating thing that had happened on the voyage so far .
she wondered if the whole thing had been a dream .
the next thing captain 's saying it 's all a bloody misunderstanding .
during that time she had learnt that what had happened to her was not the worst thing that could happen to a person , not when you considered the cruelties inflicted in the name of war .
' and you know i ' ve tried jolly hard to discourage this kind of thing .
' we ' ve got a thing coming out .
she would say it like it was n't a very nice thing to be .
when jess was finally sure she was asleep she rang the hospital , who said that nicky was comfortable , and that the consultant was coming around again first thing , after which they thought he could probably be discharged .
you know that thing where people say , ' even as we stood at the altar i knew in my gut that it was n't right , ' and you think , you idiot !
jess almost laughed then : the whole thing was so ridiculously awful .
' that 's the next thing you 're going to see when you do your whole database thing . '
i apologized for the thing in the pub the other night .
the facebook thing . '
jess had n't done much to be proud of in her life , but the thing she was most proud of was that tanzie knew it .
' then one nice thing happened on your birthday - you cheered my boy up . '
and now , twenty - four hours before the actual thing , you just announce that you ca n't come ?
and nicky really wanted to thank him for the whole hacking thing , driving them all that way and just being , you know , weirdly decent , but then mr nicholls went and gave him his spare phone and he was so choked that all that came out was this weird strangulated ' thanks . '
and then , abruptly , tanzie 's face crumpled like it had done when she was little and fell over , and there was a three - second gap between whatever bad thing had just happened and a gigantic bad thing wail coming out .
he never could work out whether it was the single most heroic or the most idiotic thing he 'd ever seen .
and the stupid thing is we were all really pleased .
and we 're going to get them first thing tomorrow .
' um ... about the whole whacking - my - brother thing .
because here 's the thing .
nigel from next door came running out and said he would take over and the next thing mum was pulling her indoors , her arms tight around tanzie , and as she kicked and screamed for him , her voice was close in tanzie 's ear , arms clasped around her middle , ' sweetheart , it 's all all right , sweetheart , come on inside , do n't look , it 's all going to be okay . '
he closed them around her , as if he had been waiting for just that thing , letting her rest her head against his shoulder and they just stayed there , her wrapped in his arms , in the hallway .
the funny thing is that when you see another st anne 's student outside school it 's the custom to wave to each other , like people who drive fiat 500s .
mum says it 's fine , because the important thing was that we tried , and that sometimes it 's okay just to accept people 's generosity as long as you say thank you .
` ` is this the kind of thing ? ''
` ` after all , there 's no such thing as corruption in french politics . ''
she felt foolish , bereft , as if she had imagined the whole thing in a fit of girlish indulgence .
it 's an astonishing thing to receive a letter like that .
` ` the awful thing was , of course , that having found him again , i was n't free to go with him .
if it was n't for my letters , i might have thought i 'd imagined the whole thing .
but even the chance to think upon your beautiful face , your smile , and know that some part of it might belong to me is probably the single greatest thing that has happened to me in my life .
` ` it 's a nice thing you did . ''
but i have rules about this sort of thing . '
and the sound of that waterfall thing .
you think i made this thing happen ?
she half smiled at me , and it was a terrible , bleak thing .
the worst thing that could have happened to me already happened . '
it was as if the whale thing had never happened .
i do not scare easy , but it was the most terrifying thing i had ever seen .
if you turn to page thirteen you will see the space itself in more detail , as well as a menu of the kind of thing it will offer .
for that is the worst thing when a whale beaches : it is as if they have chosen to die , and we humans , uncomprehending , merely prolong their agony by fighting it .
the really surprising thing was that she kissed me back .
and , ' it 's the worst thing you can imagine , to lose a child . '
' to some extent , ' he said , ' but we ' ve seen this kind of thing before , and you ca n't tell me you 'll be ploughing the profits back into the community .
as mr reilly had explained it to me , it worked like this : for every tourist development in the silver bay area , the council generally expected a fifty per cent financial contribution from the developers towards the extra strain on local services - roads , car parking , recreational facilities , firefighting and emergency services , that kind of thing .
when dennis beaker yawned , he made the same sound as a large dog does when you meet it first thing in the morning .
i had grown up believing that that kind of thing only happened in the most desperate houses .
the shocking thing was how easily the villiers man had caved in .
i had never considered that you might miss a job like you missed a limb - a constant , reflexive thing .
sometimes i think i dress the way i do because the one thing treena ca n't do is put clothes together .
the embarrassing thing was not that i was wearing my mother 's suit , or that it was in a cut last fashionable in the late 1980s , but that it was actually a tiny bit small for me .
relying on other people for every little thing .
' well , my mum can date my unusual shoe thing back to when i was three .
nathan got it down when he came , but i did n't know about this regulating thing and i wanted to keep an eye on him ... he said i should keep an eye on him ... ' my voice sounded thick , unformed .
' so how is it okay for you to offer an opinion on every single thing i say or do , and yet nobody else gets to say anything at all ? '
it was a curiously intimate thing , this shaving of will .
' if you think i ' m helping you now with your stupid list , you ' ve got another thing coming , ' treena hissed at me , as mum manhandled her out of the door .
' man oh man 's a sure thing . '
i had started to laugh - a joyous , unexpected thing .
but a little part of me stayed aloof during the whole thing .
he was pronounced dead at a little after four o'clock that afternoon by an observer who had witnessed the whole thing , alongside a video camera there to forestall any suggestion of wrongdoing .
every time i looked at the back of my door i felt a little glimmer of excitement , both that i had been so organized , but also that one of these events might actually be the thing that changed will 's view of the world .
he nodded , as if that were a perfectly reasonable thing to want .
' i am doing everything i can , louisa , to stop this ... thing .
' i know most people think living like me is about the worst thing that could happen .
this might be the thing that would change will 's mind .
will said she was into fashion and that sort of thing .
i thought about patrick , and the fact that even as i had collected my things from his flat , unpeeled and rolled up my wall calendar , folded and packed the clothes i had laid so carefully in his chest of drawers , my sadness was never the crippling thing i should have expected .
he had been spending nights in her hotel , and i knew it made it difficult for him , walking the twenty minutes each way in order to sort will out last thing at night .
you never saw me before this thing .
and now i want you to come watch the worst thing you can possibly imagine . ''
' do you think it 's some kind of delayed reaction to the thing with patrick ? '
it was lovely , his smile - a slow thing , full of recognition .
and i told him of the adventures they had , the places they had gone , and the things i had seen that i had never expected to .
i thought it was the best thing that ever could have happened to her .
i do n't know what i want from chelsea exactly , but i do know one thing .
what 's going on between chelsea and me is n't all about sex or a one - time thing .
more like a spontaneous thing . ''
i want that sort of thing .
but i do know one thing .
` ` after all the trouble i ' ve been in lately , i do n't want to have that kind of thing around here anymore .
i think he 's still mad at me about the des thing , but what can i do ?
` ` i do n't have a girlfriend , '' i tell her , because that 's the last thing i want mom to know .
she was the best thing that ever happened to me and i ' m still hiding from her .
first thing tomorrow i ' m looking for someone with a place to share .
anyone who glamorizes birth and what a lovely and miraculous thing it is is a flat - out liar .
i ' ve never heard of such a thing and it sounds bogus .
i ' m a little rusty with this sort of thing now .
that 's the last thing i want to happen .
clenching my hands so tight my fingers ache , i run up on him , ready to reach out and grab his shoulder , but the next thing i know , he 's on the ground .
next thing i knew , i was meeting guys in the backseat of their cars and taking cash for making them come with my hand .
turns out he was the best thing that ever happened to fable .
` ` that was the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' i whisper , kissing her lips softly , reverently , my fingers still moving slowly inside her body .
stopping short , i study him through bleary eyes , deciding it 's a crime for a man to wake up first thing in the morning looking so damn good .
the company 's at fault , so i ' m terminating our contract with them first thing when i head into the office . ''
i 'll call my new roommate first thing tomorrow and see if i can move in a few days sooner .
` ` i 'll leave first thing tomorrow , '' i say firmly , ignoring the panic that fills me yet again .
after downing half the bottle of jack , i must ' ve passed out because the next thing i knew aj was standing over me , shaking my shoulders .
i knew the boys never concerned themselves with what they were wearing , and i 'd seen the same thing when i was on runaway train 's bus .
the next thing i knew jake 's strong hands were gripping my waist .
you are the most amazing thing that 's ever happened to me in my life .
you have a part in every single thing in my life , angel .
i never knew there could be such a thing as sand burn , but i had red , almost raw places on my elbows and knees .
` ` the last thing abby would ever want is for you to be thinking like you are .
the worst thing in the world would be to know that i hurt you so deep you would n't become a father .
he shrugged as if it was the most normal thing in the world to have a ballroom .
the next thing i knew she was sprinting away into the wings .
i do n't know how he managed to get them down so fast in the confined space , but the next thing i knew cool air was hitting my thighs .
for some reason , the twins thought rhys 's choking fit was the funniest thing in a long time , and they began cackling in their high chairs .
i ' ve dated a few guys , gone to the movies , held hands , that kind of thing . ''
of course , the one thing that was different this time was brayden being recognized by people .
` ` the worst thing in the world that could happen to him would be to lose you . ''
seeing him take his first breath , well seeing all my kids take their first breaths , is the most amazing thing to ever happen to me , besides marrying lily . ''
the last thing i ever would have thought is that you 're a coward . ''
and the next thing i knew i was falling back while the world around me went dark .
with a smirk , he replied , ` ` normally i would agree with you , but you just fucking blindsided me considering being pregnant is the biggest thing to hit your lady parts ever ! ''
it 's a customary thing here in mexico . ''
` ` seeing her born , holding her in my arms - it 's the most fucking intense thing i ' ve ever experienced . ''
this entire thing was her idea .
the whole thing must have been a fluke brought on by the anxiety of everything that occurred prior to seeing him : the scene in dr . rosario 's office the day before , losing the bracelet , him diving into the pool , matthew walking up when he was the last person in the world i wanted to see .
only thing is i ' m counting down to get out ; she 's counting to get paid .
we started seven years ago for my twenty - first birthday and it 's been a thing ever since . ''
` ` you do that a lot , the thing with your cheek . ''
` ` here 's the thing : i ' m close with my father .
the first thing i remember thinking was that i 'd killed someone .
she smiles like it 's the most obvious thing .
his lips naturally mold to my mouth as if kissing me is the most natural thing in the world .
` ` the girl must be certifiably crazy , but my god , that was the most entertaining thing i ' ve seen since ...
` ` ahh ... another thing to remember for the future .
it is n't a pleasant thing . ''
i can think of one good thing about sin substituting in my place for my endurance test .
your wild imagination conjuring things that have not happened has no place here .
she has to think i ' m a monster for enjoying that terrible thing i did to her .
it will just start an unnecessary argument i do n't want to have first thing this morning . ''
16 many shades of black claire payton called first thing saturday morning and i half lied to her .
the only crazy thing about this is us not being together . ''
one thing was different this time .
i laughed and the only thing i could picture was some guy with a big hooked nose like a bad cartoon .
the whole thing happened in a split second .
i had done a bang up job of preventing this thing with nick from going any further tonight because no one wanted a post puke kiss , no matter how hard up they were .
i turned my head , just in case claire proved to be as stubborn as her bestie and the whole thing happened as fast as lightning .
my stomach did a flip as i thought about how that kind of thing probably happened to him all the time , girls throwing themselves at him .
the worst thing you can do is miss . ''
his lips were still against mine as he whispered , ` ` the anticipation of having you under me and being inside you is so much better than any sure thing i ' ve ever had in the past . ''
i explained about the girl and her accusation on down to how samantha had set the whole thing up .
i smiled as i remembered the way the whole thing happened and i laughed when i thought about her asking if she could swipe her credit card up my ass crack .
i could n't really even get excited about the whole thing because the guy was such an amateur .
she said that whole thing with the baby was a hoax made up by that samantha chick that cornered me at nick 's race .
i thought about her until i went to sleep and then first thing when i woke up .
` ` shit , baby , watching your little hand trying to jerk me off is the hottest thing ever . ''
` ` i should ' ve never planned this elaborate thing in front of your family .
not to mention , it was n't the easiest thing in the world to be surrounded by two people who were so in love when my own love life was in the crapper .
` ` i thought it was just a one - time thing at our wedding reception ... '' i tore into the bread , needing something to distract me .
i knew that type of thing went on behind closed doors , but between my own friends ?
` ` ben arranged the whole thing .
i knew it was a one - time thing .
emmy had confirmed that she and ben were at the same dinner , even though braydon had made it sound like it 'd be some dull thing he had to do for work .
every remembered whisper , every sweet thing he 'd done , the way he 'd owned my body , made me crave him .
braydon had seen the entire thing .
this chance at something real felt like the biggest thing that had ever happened to me , and brian did n't support it .
` ` i knew when you did n't say anything last time that you were probably inexperienced , because usually it 's the first thing girls comment on ... . '' shit .
what i found inside the room was the last thing i 'd expected to see .
they have her in intensive care , but there 's not a thing wrong with her . ''
finding amanda in labor was probably the last thing she expected .
i could n't believe he 'd put himself in danger , orchestrating that entire thing without me knowing .
your past was hard for me to accept , but it 's also the thing that led you straight to me , and i ca n't help but think it was fate or maybe some divine intervention . ''
` ` the exact thing i was running from led me to chicago and pushed you straight into my path .
it 's the most erotic thing i ' ve ever seen .
i ' ve blocked the whole thing from my memory so well that i actually do n't remember .
` ` it was n't a planned thing , if that 's what you 're asking . ''
it 's also the last thing i remember until the gun blast jolts me .
then he turns and walks out of the restaurant , and for a second i think i ' ve imagined the whole thing .
that i ' m no match for her open invitation to a sure thing .
the f**ked up thing is it never even dawned on me that she would want to go with me .
it all happens so fast , i ca n't even figure out how he did it , even though i ' ve watched the entire thing happen less than ten feet away .
it 's the sexiest god damn thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
` ` let 's just enjoy this thing , because i am . ''
alexander made a mental note of how beautiful she looked first thing in the morning , her hair slightly disheveled , rubbing her eyes .
listen , mummy and daddy are having a thing today at the country club and i am in desperate need of a date , and i figure since you 're in town and i ' m in town , you 'd be more than willing to accompany me . ''
it 's kind of an all day thing and i really did n't want to go alone .
i promised adele i 'd take her to her parents ' thing at the club . ''
she found me yesterday morning and invited me to a thing her parents were putting on at the country club and i agreed to go .
and alexander was so sweet during the whole thing .
a year ago , if the same thing happened , i would have run as far as i could to avoid dealing with it .
` ` i do n't know if it was any one thing .
work thing , '' he said quickly before turning back around to resume packing for his mission to find and bring olivia back home .
granted , recently , it had become more than just an occasional thing .
little did tyler know at the time that it was alexander 's olivia from all those years ago , but he did know that olivia was the best thing to ever happen to his brother .
` ` the funny thing is , he made me so fucking happy . ''
he pushed her away , ignoring the best thing that had ever happened to him , scared that she would run again , leaving him hurting and in pain .
it was the worst thing she had ever experienced in her life , and maybe remembering that pain once in a while would help her .
` ` i think that was the hottest thing i ' ve ever fucking seen in my entire life , '' alexander growled in her ear before lifting her to her feet and jumping off the stage , allowing her to have the spotlight she so rightly deserved .
he would do anything for you , and you just walked out on the best fucking thing that has ever happened to you .
an awareness of complete euphoria washed over her from alexander 's sensual words and presence , and she truly believed that running into him outside her office building was the best thing to ever happen to her .
you simply sigh and shrug your shoulders , and it 's the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` and it 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen in my entire fucking life so do n't you even think about stopping . ''
` ` can i just say that may have been the hottest thing ever . ''
he went through the same thing when he thought he had lost olivia all those years ago .
i suggest that you gentlemen go get some rest and you can see this young lady first thing in the morning .
i 'll see you first thing in the morning then . ''
i saw the exact same thing .
suddenly , i wished that i had gone into the studio and insisted that nik take her to this thing .
emmie would be awake during the whole thing ... fuck , i really wished nik had come !
i was n't sure what had happened to the boyfriend , but i did know that lydia had considered the whole thing my fault .
in the dim lighting , he looked more animal than man , and it was the sexiest thing i had ever seen .
the first thing i saw was layla 's big suitcase by the door , and my heart actually stopped for a moment .
moving in with layla had been the best thing to happen to me since the day i had last seen her .
the last thing i remembered was lana tucking the covers around us .
after all , it was a one - time thing .
lana was the best thing to ever happen to drake .
one more thing i was responsible for .
one more thing that threatened to take lana away from me forever ... lana was losing our baby .
the chorus of fans screaming my name was the first thing to alert the guy of his mistake .
i never could remember the whole thing !
he had n't been lying about the pacing thing .
the last thing i remembered was jesse turning in for the night around three o'clock .
at first i thought it was drake because he was always in there first thing in the morning emptying his system of the poison he had filled it with the night before .
i had seen the effects of it with liam bryant 's sister , marissa , and knew that as sick as emmie had been it could very well be the same thing .
i was n't still asleep in that damned chair beside of her bed and was dreaming this whole thing .
after a few more rings someone answered the insistent thing and i went back to reading over the last few lines of the latest song i had been working on .
the first thing i noticed was the luggage sitting by the door .
` ` i 'd ask you to do it again so i could take pictures of the whole thing , but knowing ariana she 'd get blood all over my dress . ''
` ` okay ... '' that was the last thing i remembered until someone tickled my toes sometime later .
i must have dozed off because the next thing i knew vince was shaking me .
dallas had n't mentioned one thing that was going on with her .
cole was fed up with the show and how the higher - ups kept dramatizing every little thing that went on during judge panels and behind the scenes to get the higher ratings .
drake had been pretty strong during the whole thing , even if i had seen the terrified look on his face as he helped bring his daughter into the world .
when i opened the door to my room the first thing i heard was a shower running .
i 'll start on it first thing in the morning and have some news for you by the time i get into baltimore tomorrow night .
the best part of the damn thing was when mia finally turned around in her seat and asked the woman why she was so bitchy . ''
over the years i 'd seen the same thing with emmie and jesse , drake , and shane .
that was the sweetest thing ever . ''
if i had n't been so exhausted myself i would have stayed awake and savored the feeling of her in my arms , but after only a few hours of real sleep in over a week , i 'd been unable to keep my eyes open when i was so at peace and the next thing i 'd known it was morning .
so i had no choice but to call in the big guns since there were people who recognized devlin and zander and were recording the whole thing on their phones .
you having another baby would be a beautiful thing , but like jesse , i would be a basket case the entire pregnancy .
then as soon as one show was finished it was back on the road and starting the whole thing all over again in the next city .
the only thing that would have made it better was if wroth were there with me , but he was in emerald city waiting for me .
that would seriously be the worst thing to happen .
of course if i was honest , that was how i 'd been feeling during the whole thing too .
it was the most erotic thing i 'd ever witnessed .
hugs are going to be a rare thing . ''
but the thing i ca nt get my head around is that some people say it was good water ; water you could drink and would nt make you sick or kill you , even without feeders running it through fixer machines to purify it .
when she finally speaks her voice seems like a thing half - imagined .
such a thing could not have happened .
it fell and shattered on the ground and hot coffee splashed against my legs , but i did nt feel a thing .
a human head balanced above that doorway , grinning at me , and it was the most surreal thing i had ever seen .
i did not consciously will this thing to happen .
it was as though the doorway had never existed , as though i had dreamed the whole thing .
we need to hold counsel first thing in the morning .
run along now , djoba , well come through this thing , i assure you .
but the reason i bring this up is because of a strange thing that occurred whilst i watched this girl .
it is strangely poignant now , a thing she had forgotten until her encounter with argyll damascus in purgatory hall .
i 'll have the techs flush them out first thing tomorrow , reiner retorted .
i would believe you brother , but who ever saw such a thing ?
it was the closest thing to coursing on shard .
at dayn 's astonished look , he added , as if it were the most natural thing in the world , so they wo nt recognize you .
dayn could not be more certain his neighbor saw the same thing he did this morning .
the saturday afternoon he arrived the first thing he saw was mabel being thrown around the corner of the house .
we could do worse for location for this sort of thing , he said .
chapter 22 : moving on and that s the last thing i remember .
he d been a really great sport throughout the whole thing , but ethics aside , i was not going to risk hurting rolando for fear of janes wrath .
maria would never find simple joy in such a small thing like the comforting glow of church candles .
a dance - a - thon would be just the thing i needed to take the edge off .
i keep getting thrown off even though i know i should be more than prepared for this kind of thing .
it seemed like such a cruel thing .
this is an unfortunate , but eventual thing that was going to happen .
i had a work thing , i did you not want to go ?
but we were doing this whole thing where we were seeing the art museum and the history museums , it was a lot of museum visitingstuff you do nt really care as much about when you re in high school .
the teacher who has volunteered to escort us sees the entire thing and i get sent home that same day .
ultimately , we needed to find a way to take down c - shapes network and put your story up.once it was finished -- -however , without any intervention from us , that issue took care of itself as well when the c - shapes main facility was completely overrun.another thing that noah did not expect but you saw comingwe still do nt know who did itit could have been anyone from any country .
that was the first thing i noticed on wakening .
marianne , ryan , and gustav are apparently used to this sort of thing .
if daytime annie expects one thing and we come around with something entirely different , the surprise would be at least twice as effective .
chapter 9 release ryan continued narrating in the present time , while his mind saw the whole thing live and in person once more ...
the thing that i m wondering about is that the rest died with a diagnosis of consumption , pneumonia , or heart attack half a year after the instate event .
now they had fifty ghost riders , with horses that were also held in thrall , and he could nt see a thing .
it was a strange thing , ryan .
did you figure out anything on that bracelet thing she did ?
she said that if anyone were to interfere further with her punishment of the soldiers , well , the same thing that happened to them would happen to me .
the group here has heavy - duty plans and they re coming to a head soon , probably something to do with that thing this weekend .
the bond she shared with annie must have communicated that thought , for the same thing occurred to her a moment later .
he had seen a lot of strange things in his native country that still , after all these years , held pockets of superstition and voodoo .
chapter 25 countdown i tell you mary jane , this is the biggest thing to happen ever !
the first thing they saw , to their astonishment and great joy , was that there were no children in their path .
i implore you to return it to where it was found , or destroy it , if such a thing is possible .
someone of your age , to learn and be able to wield magic as you do is a rare thing , but not completely unheard of .
the only thing it does it make one irrational and act without thought or feeling .
though not uncommon , pillars in the dryad were a rare thing for most of the men had been toldand some outright forbiddennot to visit the tavern because of the type of business they did .
two aching , tired , hurting bodies clinging to each other because it was the only thing they knew was real .
swirls , wavesthat kind of thing .
i had been in hospital overnight , and i can clearly recall how horrible the whole thing was .
but if you just stand back from the whole thing and use your imagination , the possibilities are endlesshence the wild ride .
i did not feel a thing .
as you can imagine martin , our views were dramatically changed when the same thing happened to sarah , stated davila .
i had never heard of such a thing - this was definitely not right at all .
on the face of it , he , she , or indeed it , did appear to be real even though alistair never saw a thing when he was standing right beside me at the time .
my most immediate thought was , is the same thing happening to sarah just now ?
well i can tell you that i never saw a thing .
however , only a week after your sighting , martin saw the same thing when he visited the chamber with alistair .
however , there are a few things that have taken place that seem to defy any logical explanation at all .
i have to say to everybody that i did experience the same thing as sarah , but i do nt know anything about standing there for twenty five minutes .
no problem , ill get it over to you first thing tomorrow .
the first thing i noticed was that sarah was her usual self again - very bubbly - and her provocative teasing smile had returned .
apart from our meeting first thing this morning , i had only one further meeting with them all throughout the whole time .
what an extraordinary thing , how could i begin to reason that one out ?
` ` as of now no such thing has happened , '' alex said .
follett asked , ` ` i have never heard of such a thing . ''
` ` i was just curious if you were seeing the same thing i was .
death is nt the worst thing in the world .
now that you no longer have a gun pointed at me , you can tell me what that thing was i fell through .
if he heard clicking it would be the last thing he ever heard .
it was nt a pleasant thing but it was one way to save samaras life .
this whole damn thing was his fault anyway , aquarius said with a quiver in his voice and a tear welling up in his eye .
that monument thing ... tom mentioned as he pointed the light at the weeds , you know who that was ?
in that time he thought about every miserable thing that had happened tonight .
i m expecting to see you first thing tomorrow .
dream or not , the last thing he saw was his mother holding a shovel , getting ready to swing again .
if i had to use individual grunts for every big thing that came along , i d run out of different grunts pretty fast .
if this thing happens tonight , paper wo nt matter .
i very much want this thing to happen !
is this thing for real , or is it just a hoax , or some hippie nonsense ?
rems buddy rex , boffins personal pilot , had also seen a thing or two , having flown a few missions in more than one undeclared police action for uncle sam .
fortunately , agents edwards and richards were old hands at this sort of thing , and they came prepared for the worse - case scenario .
first thing the next morning , they delivered the rover to the rental agency , where the clerk was nt very happy with the condition of the rig .
each time you make a nice thing happen in the real world counts toward your total score .
i need you first thing tomorrow morning .
the strangest thing that happened that afternoon , is when lori handed him a paper bag containing the discarded patches , and took him around back where she showed him a old incinerator .
a young man with a ponytail hops into the passenger seat and un - zips a sports bag on his lap like it is the most natural thing in the world .
so two candidates will co - run the whole thing .
it was then that mike was positively sure that this whole thing was a staged play , all for the benefit of the beefy male cop .
the last thing i saw was his fist .
the last thing i expected was for mina to thank me .
static electricity from walking across carpet does nt make a noticeable sound ; lightning , which is basically the same thing but on a higher scale , makes a thunderclap .
the most astonishing thing of all was how little i cared about being wrong for so many years .
dude , i saw the whole thing .
the first was paranoia , in these spells the subject wanted protection from every single possible thing that could happen in the afterlife , the second was obsessive compulsive behaviour , in these the intent of the spell and the identity of the person it was written for was described in excruciating detail over and over .
he had never heard of such a thing before .
the same thing had happened to the little girl .
` ` the thing we saw on tv .
the thing that had been happening in the city .
with all that was happening , it was just one more thing that did n't seem right .
he still could n't believe that she had had to experience such a thing .
he had no idea what could have caused such a thing to happen .
they could n't even tell that he did n't enjoy this type of thing .
just a small little thing that a lot of the students from her university went to .
whoever could ' ve imagined such a thing ? ''
furthermore , what he found at the bottom was the last thing he d expected .
it would be the last thing she would see before she died .
the theory goes : life is unpredictable , life is the only thing that changes , the only thing we can not foretell or prophesize .
as by magic , though mokrikov knew there was no such thing , the soft tissue in the middle of his bloody hand knitted back together .
the only thing i have to look forward to is maybe someday discovering where i received the burn .
the next thing that happened , surprised him ; his eyes watered .
funny thing ...
i stare at my hazel eyes , seeing the different shades of brown and green and as if it 's an everyday thing to be tending a wound , i glance at the stitches in my shoulder and open the kit brian gave me to redress it .
first thing tomorrow we will be sending the convoy on its way .
next thing i knew , alicia was there with guns blazing and before i had time to blink , the butcher was dead and i was on an operating table .
this kid got lost , that one got shot by a redundant defence system , that kind of thing .
greg assumed he had done it partly to show off and mostly to irritate , but the most annoying thing was that as soon as he reached the genuinely interesting heart he had shut up and hazel had been unable to draw him into any further discussion .
it was the most amazing thing i have ever seen .
sure , in retrospect , this was easily the second most amazing thing i had ever seen in my life , but there was a big drop off between number one and two .
people are going to notice this kind of thing !
whole fucking thing could blow like new years day on the sydney harbour bridge , and while that would be totally awesome to watch , it d kinda put a dent in your plan .
she knew james would do this kind of thing , rush to help her , and that was okay .
the quiet emptiness could only mean one thing : wages were being given up on the deck .
your thrown cog is the most exciting thing that s happened in hours .
you d think these people would look overjoyed to be so blessed , but they all look unhappy and hurried , as if their life wo nt be complete until they get the next best thing .
but they naively assume , or do nt care , that the same thing is happening in their own city ... a mere mile away from them .
best part is , the same things happening at every mall in los angeles and orange county .
working for them has been the best thing that ever happened to me .
the most interesting thing we find amongst the datas a list of daynighters .
oh , if i was sent back to earth , i 'll be okay until i fall crook and some toady doctor taking backhanders from the government puts his signature on a form ; next thing you know , i ' m in a camp . '
pottsy had hinted at some kind of energy thing .
mario said , ' it 's the latest thing , craggy .
the first thing that surprised him was that all work had ceased .
ignoring the cat thing , rocky said , ' your room 's okay ? '
' one thing we can see straight off , ' said berry , ' is that whomever made the chamber , made this tunnel . '
' we found a thing for him .
how could such a thing happen ?
sure thing , kozz turned his voice into a whisper so that only caleb could here him , doll .
i ve seen news stories about this kind of thing before , so i guess its a story to cover .
and if you do nt agree , you can fight the person i nominate to fight in my place : - ) an interesting thing happened though , and i got a bit of a surprise .
how is it that every woman on the planet seems to remember every single little thing we do wrong , and never forget it ?
the only other thing of note this week is that i heard a load of noise at the back of our flat , coming from a few streets away .
the bbc would nt show that kind of thing , we saw that on cnn , and it was horrific .
24 dead like at that us school , its a big thing .
floyd did nt laugh at me , said he d seen bigger and tougher men than me faint when they saw this kind of thing for the first time .
we ve both read the book , so there were no real surprises , but the whole thing was just spectacular .
i liked it , it was a new thing , and taima seemed to really relax .
he swerved to avoid a bloody great big snowballi saw the whole thing , another man said .
solidarity is a rare thing these days .
the next thing i knew , someone even stronger yanked me off and twisted me round , nearly broke my shoulderthe bruise is still thereand thumped me on the side of my head .
bandages , rags , a blood bag , anti - bacterial stuff , and other miscellaneous items were in there , which was the first convenient thing that has happened in a while .
i looked up from the flattened door and i saw the most bizarre thing i had ever seen .
what about that whole thing this morning ?
the heat from the fire distorted a lot of the data , but i was able to pull one thing off : an ip address .
just one weird thing after another .
is this a normal thing for khent ?
apparently , strange things had been happening all over the country .
the two officers , like many of their kind , got off on this sort of thing .
a crowd had gathered , and it was easy to blend in , to tell himself that this sort of thing happened every minute of every day , and it was his duty to watch , if only to spread some sort of warning .
a strange thing happened .
michael watched the whole thing in silence , feeling oddly detached .
no , the how of the thing is nt worrying me .
then there s the timing of the thing the diplomatic land act , said the ambassador .
it was just the sort of thing he would find amusing .
he does what he can to make this the sort of place one can raise a family and not have to live in fear of slavers , that sort of thing .
what s the scariest thing out here in the eastlands ?
the whole thing was weird to me .
i was nt sure where they were going or how deep it was becoming , but i did know one thing .
next thing i knew my dad held me , wiping the lexans purple blood from my face .
the one thing had happened that i promised myself would nt : i fell in love .
she did n't remember seeing her father after he called them ; the next thing she could remember with any clarity was waking from a deep sleep four hundred years before she was born .
yeah , the weird thing is , the ship was captained by a guy me and jd used to bully at flight school , although k finished him off .
next thing i know there s a ten or twelve ships taking up an attack formation , and they picked me up before i had a chance to radio through .
a single paradox is one thing , but we ve set up i do nt know how many .
well the main thing there is that he did n't , said trixi .
it 's like something out of a book , this sort of thing does n't actually happen in real life , does it ?
but you can not lose faith , this sort of thing happens more often than you might think .
he 'd been working the drive - thru at mcdonald 's , milton keynes , when the advert had jumped out of the page and slapped him in the face , not literally of course , as that kind of thing does n't really happen .
on the fifth day , an odd thing happened .
first thing in the morning , they would break open the ' pouch ' and get a look at the tricks and treats they had brought back .
she looked hopeful , as that maybe was n't too dumb a thing to say .
making another attempt to make sense of the whole thing , deckard turned his curiosity on the guns they used .
the first thing he was kitka crouching on his chest with her paws tucked under her .
when we reach the tree , the first thing i notice is a rope , tied around the trunk and leading off into the long grass .
if an outstanding person , who i d like to have in my collection , looks like dying of old age , we encourage him or her along and get them up here before it is too late ; an electric shock , poisoning , asphyxiation , heart attack , plane crash , that type of thing .
i d seen this kind of thing before , not here , but when i worked at coldstone , there was a little girl who d just started her period , and did nt know what it was or what to do .
his continuous fuck - ups were easily the most consistent thing in her life .
elsewhere in chicago , the same thing happened to vlad , andrei , and lev and all of their family members .
elsewhere in new york city , the same thing happened to dino , dominick and their wives .
down in columbia , the same thing happened to jose , juan , carlos , and luis .
we also got in reports of this same thing happened with interstates across twenty other states so far , hamilton harris said while he looked concerned .
the same thing happened in grassy fields outside paris , madrid , dublin , stockholm , oslo , lisbon , rome , athens , bucharest , and minsk .
the same thing occurred over in russia , england , and germany .
still , the suffering in this world is a hard thing to accept , mr . paul .
he seems worried about this invasion thing .
it would be a remarkable thing .
he just looked around , tasted the drink , and then left , but there was one really strange thing .
it ll tell you all about this thing .
only thing is , now they re weaning him off the drugs and he s getting back to his ornery old self , asking questions .
so what about this error thing in the sensesuit computer ?
well , i think i may have some info for you that says crillia is not real , but first , exactly what is this big error thing you ve found ?
that was the best thing he could have hoped for .
there is one good thing out of all of this .
how could such a thing have you so excited ?
its been crazy around here ever since the thing with commander checqe .
it was the last thing moriana saw .
its a sure thing that bogumirov has something to do with it .
i knew there was something off about him right from the start , but after what happened at the market now i m sure the mrs . klavdia thing was nt an accident .
nilsson brushing guests of the station aside is a rare thing !
the thing is arcas has been mentally attacked by callirrhoe for two days .
the one thing that i know for sure is that i m going to need a partner .
the thing is it turned out porphyry and i shared the same view on the problem .
trust me , heydar , lomov nodded , its not the worst thing that might happen to all of us in the nearest future .
the last thing he expected to find there was two pairs of frightened eyes sparkling in the dark .
its because of that anna thing .
seth was not a normal person , as normal goes , and she did n't even blink , as if sarah 's reaction was the most natural thing in the world .
sarah asked herself , for the first thing they found out after they landed was the magnetic field of terra two shifted constantly in response to the movement of the two suns and one could n't use a compass to save one 's life .
this is the best thing that s happened to mech city in a long time , star said .
the first thing he noticed was a pile of charred books in the parking lot behind the library .
being destroyed in a heroic leap into the crater with fascista was one thing , but having his existence snuffed out to no effect was quite another .
there is no such thing , viscountess aeryn said .
the last thing he saw was the man who had come up behind him as his boot slammed into elis face .
the first thing he did was vomit .
milton stepped across the room , saying , i m probably fine , i m not type 1 or anything , i just had this thing a few years ago he froze with the granola bar hanging from his mouth .
do any of those boxes in there look like they re feeling peachy about the whole thing ?
woods aside , you re the firstand last thing i remember , andrie , joey said .
sweetheart , when you fell over i just took off running and that s nearly the last thing i saw .
< the worst thing , > lily said , < is that they re relieved .
it had been just one more thing that i had blamed on my height disadvantage .
` ` mrs . kleevox , i apologize for my childish outbursts , '' that was a tough thing for one such as izzian to admit , but he was determined to prove his newly discovered maturity .
that telescope seems to be the cause of every bad thing in the universe , '' gala said , giggling .
of course , the green skin was a normal thing on klesia , but izzian feared an earthling might take it for some contagious disease and have him reported .
izzian was less than a second away from exploding when a funny thing happened .
` ` those protestors were right about one thing , something catastrophic did happen , '' gala added .
the whole thing had been a fluke and the telescopes had since then been banned from public use , perhaps to be decommissioned at a later date .
the university scouts only talked to the most exceptional athletes , and a generous athletic scholarship would be nice , but today was just a lark , just a for fun thing to help her get her mind off of the only thing that really mattered right now , the giant comet heading straight for earth .
unbeknown to either the banker or the couple , the cctv cameras scattered throughout the meeting rooms and corridors in the bank had recorded the entire thing .
he d send it to her first thing in the morning and get this c.a.r.l problem sorted once and for all .
i have seen many a peculiar thing in my time , ash .
it will , i regret , be the last thing you see .
i am most eager to see that which you claim will be the last thing we see .
what happened next was the last thing that ever happened for officer harlan mcleod .
you did nt need to be a film scholar to know that that sort of thing rarely ended well in the movies .
that s an actual thing ?
the thing is this .
the really good thing is this .
the last thing she remembered was a strange black man named darrell biting her in the restaurant where she was a waitress .
the last thing she saw before she woke up a changed person was her blood flying out of her where maurice wilson had first bitten into her stomach .
the crazy thing was that the zombies themselves had been their friends .
it was one thing that they 'd never allow to happen after this deadly day of mayhem and terror .
what they 'd witnessed when their father was killed by the council had also done it 's thing .
the funny thing is this all gets experienced inside a full body suit and helmet .
micks brow furrowed , the whole cave thing .
that s the kind of thing i remember thinking about during the second year .
the next thing she knew , someone was touching her and getting on top of her .
the whole thing is a blur .
first thing in the morning he was going back to the compound to figure out who they were .
the worst thing he felt that they all had to go through was being locked inside a 5 ' x 7 ' box that was buried seven feet underground for five days , with just food and water and no contact with anyone else and in total darkness .
when the programming is over , the subject is restored to ` ` normal '' with either blocks on memory of the whole thing happening or given a total implant of ` ` what went on that day '' as a substitute to memory .
you would also create great dissension among the public at large , some individuals and groups insisting that they have seen ufos , others insisting with equal vehemence that such a thing is not possible , and that they are either liars or deluded .
also i wanted to know more about the necklace and the tale the dwarf had related , it seemed to me to be the most exciting thing to have happened , apart from the battle in corbond of course .
a few short weeks ago i was just a fresh student learning my chosen profession , by far the most exciting thing to have ever happened to me .
for this was exactly the sort of thing i was looking for , the whole reason for my travelling here and i began to bless my good fortune .
tnie guided nw and the object over to the machine , as they passed by me a strange thing happened , all the hair on my head started to sway towards the box they carried as if a stiff breeze was blowing my hair towards it , i also felt the fine hair on my arms be attracted towards the device , but the air in the room was still .
every now and again there appeared a black spot on the wall , it occurred to me that this must be a cave , or a tunnel , the surprising thing was that each of these tunnels , there were nt that many , but each of them was perfectly circular , not the sort of thing that occurred in nature so i began to think that these tunnels , if that was what they were may have been crafted somehow by the gnomes for i remembered the tale tnie told of how this enormous rock platform was built .
i found myself saying , so this whole thing , tnie being terrified , him grovelling on the ground , all this was just a play , a piece of staged acting to appease don trynacs ?
the king raised his hand and stroked his chin a few times whilst deep in thought , then he said , the only really unusual thing i can think of , but i m sure is of no significance , is we had an unannounced visitor pass through the city .
i expressed my wonder at the technological marvels i had witnessed today , he just shrugged as if it was all just a normal thing to him , but i wanted some answers .
then he said a curious thing , out in t deep desert i have seen odd things .
then she told me a surprising thing .
thndrn continued saying that he had viewed the seeing stone several times and even shown it to others , always it showed the same thing , but none not even the mining guilds that were here just before we arrived could give any answers to what the story showed , apart from suspecting that the place in which these events took place were in the planar voids .
i dunny know how it happened but we ended up akissin passionately an one thing led to another , perhaps she sought revenge against her father , perhaps she needed comfort , an perhaps i wanted to comfort her in m embrace .
the most surprising thing however where a pair of leathery looking wings , small things that did nt look large enough to carry the creatures obvious great weight in flight .
the really sad thing was that this mistaken identity , this misinterpretation was now ingrained within their culture ; it was part of their identity as a race .
for the record , lieutenant - commander yeung , '' he put an emphasis on the title to ensure sally registered it , ` ` no such thing happened , understood ?
as they sat around talking idly and waiting for the others to arrive , sally thought she must have imagined the whole thing .
they tried to hide it , but they had a thing going on before the accident .
then the weirdest thing happened kaylor undid his pants !
it was the most remarkable thing i ve ever seen .
juireans do nt bother themselves with every little thing that goes on within them , especially not way out here in the fringe .
you know , just a character in them not a real actual thing .
she did nt know what else to do , giving zero advice was one thing but going toe to toe unarmed against brawling bots was another .
the last thing she saw , was her brothers whiptail , falling to the ground and arn flying through the air .
she handed the sandjar back to the old man , take it , she said sharply , and try to keep it quiet , if there is one thing i hate , its crying little brats .
outlanders would not venture this far into the forbidden lands , it could only be one thing .
he watched as the death demon came towards him , the last thing he remembered was the bringer of death holding out her hand to take his soul .
then he felt the warm embrace of the darkness and the last thing he saw was andra 's sleeping face .
now as he floated in a shimmering sea of golden stars , he realized he was the first of his people to experience this wondrous thing .
warmth engulfed him and in his mind , the last thing he saw was his brother holding out his hand to him .
sarah informed her that she had been through the same thing but her husband , he had just passed away of some type of cancer issue with his lungs .
after an hour or so of beating the blueprints and revising the isos and ortho 's , the engineer said : these rough sketches should be sufficient , ill send them in to the main office for approval first thing tomorrow , todd smiled and shook his hand , and made a funny comment : i 'll bet the jews had to go through the same thing when they built the pyramids in egypt .
the other professors all agree as some are still counting colors , each counting a different color come up with the same thing either binary or the golden ratio as a sequence , livingston is amazed , he asks todd : where did you go to college ?
` ` oh i agree , i heard rumor though that the shadow army is in trouble , some sort of internal thing .
` ` yeah ... you know ... that thing that happens when they want you somewhere else . ''
if they were using matter - sight we 'd be dead now , so that 's just one more thing to indicate they are n't ... '' she trailed off .
a very similar thing would happen if tabitha harnessed all of the visible energy available to her . ''
' still surprise me indeed , ' tabitha thought , grinning , announcing such a thing to the world was really not jacob 's style .
` ` that will do , '' came a voice , calm and unconcerned , as if it saw this sort of thing every day .
this was obviously a group that had n't been involved in the fighting in the main hall , he began to hope that this meant they were n't as trained as the others , surely with all the noise they had been making he could have this one thing , this one little thing .
this was obviously a group that had n't been involved in the fighting in the main hall , he began to hope that this meant they were n't as trained as the others , surely with all the noise they had been making he could have this one thing , this one little thing .
` ` oh , the true nature of the universe - that sort of thing .
the sickness outbreak was a terrible thing that happened when i was only twelve .
next thing i knew it was near dawn .
the next thing i knew i was wandering through the building in a daze .
next thing do nt be someone you re not .
next thing i remember is waking up here and seeing you lot .
a crowd of about 200 visible beings , the odd specter and several recording devices followed the pair out to what had surely become the most interesting thing to happen at the carnival in days .
instead they prefer to time things out in general , ballpark phrases like when that thing happens later on .
salivating and panting like a dog , pressed up against the glass and staring out at the ship , rip saw the most horrifying thing he d seen in his entire life .
the first thing that happens when you emerge from a time travelling wormhole , no matter who or what you are , is that you start evacuating whatever body you happen to have in a rather disgusting manner .
what it translates roughly as is we do nt like that thing that just happened , so this is what happened instead .
it was strongly engrained in the minds of all human beings , that should the graphs and charts ever go down , all sorts of terrible things would happen , and growth would become ungrowth very quickly .
with knowledge transference deteriorating , a curious thing happened to the belief systems and religions of humanity .
genuinely not knowing what was going on and what it is they wanted us to confess to , i sincerely questioned rip and wilx again and again , but they honestly could nt remember a thing they d done wrong to anyone .
right , whatever , well heres the thing .
yes , i saw the whole thing .
one thing they did n't have was a turning neck .
then the strangest yet most appropriate thing happened .
joe : the only thing i can think of is their mom and dad , mr . and mrs . merchins , was expecting them when they were stationed at pripyat when chernobyl happened , and it has something to do with the radiation exposure , but we think its unrealistic .
zoey : no , i saw the same thing as zeina .
its the same thing every year !
the worst thing is that hell have to have another heart bypass and he s strong enough for that .
clives cafe was perfect , heaving with the unclean masses devouring set lunches in the middle of the day , and pretty much empty first and last thing .
it was last thing after my shift at packet where i worked as a bike messenger .
we ve made contact now , that s the main thing , haggia said .
the funny thing is that t45 does nt remove your urges , it just prevents the biomechanics from working properly .
the only thing is , lola said trailing off , looking worried .
i heard about the flu thing you guys caught , sounded rough .
i thought i would wake up long before then , if i slept at all , but the next thing i knew it was ringing for me to get up .
we know a good thing when we see it .
i heard you re going to that ceremony thing , i said , remembering why i was there .
the way they re talking about it you d think it was the most important thing that had ever happened .
it was just another magical thing happening on a magical day to them .
why did adam think that such a thing might be possible ?
the thing was , adam was lying motionlessly in the pool , only his eyes were moving .
dawn wondered if he had also turned into a dragon , but he had no recollection of such a thing .
the thing is , rick , you ve set off something in me .
love goddesses adore that kind of thing .
although rick had nt objected to this little chore , it had seemed to him a very odd thing to have to do .
apparently they lay hands on each other at their meetings and go into ecstatic states and speak in strange tongues and utter prophecies , that kind of thing .
then i had another dose of the drug first thing this morning and dawn took me to her again .
he d told her he ran a company that was in the business of security alarm systems , surveillance , that kind of thing .
ill flap my wings and fly all round the ward and do cartwheels in the air , that kind of thing .
dawn was resigned to this kind of thing happening in her passion plays .
consumed by avarice , greed , the lusts of the flesh , that kind of thing .
there s a lot of hymn singing and that kind of thing , but little else in the way of recreational facilities .
those dragons do the usual kinds of things chop off their limbs , burn them to cinders , that kind of thing and to defend themselves the aliens have to accumulate fire - power of their own .
this rude awakening could mean only one thing : the seti people in adelaide had made their measurements on that neurospace object and the results had sent everyone into a panic .
it reminded her of how the temple glowed first thing in the morning , while all about was still dark .
its wonderful , mort , i think its the best thing that s ever happened to me .
you ve got to slaughter your opponents armies , take over continents , that kind of thing .
in fact , that s the weirdest thing of all !
and although angela had been very cooperative so far , before long she would have a boyfriend or two , and then the last thing she would want was to spend her evenings possessed by a spirit , even a spirit that could empower her kisses .
this was the kind of thing that normally only happened in movies , and it sounded very exciting .
morts image broke up and disappeared , and the last thing she heard was karen saying , as if from a great distance , that makes three of us .
but still it is a very terrible thing to destroy an entire world .
that was the strangest thing of all in this entire weird saga .
julie was a little less enthusiastic about the whole thing .
well , the thing is this .
and one thing you do nt want to do is offend a j - yen .
time does nt like that sort of thing , so it actively prevents it .
and that was the best thing to happen , for the world , for britain to win , and expand its own empire ?
my mind is always racing from one thing to the next .
its the latest thing , in the north .
we do nt like this sort of thing , here ?
first thing i noticed was plumbing dripping from overhead and i almost slipped at the entrance of the elevator .
the first thing i noticed was the damage .
i was shocked , not even anticipating this sort of thing .
the passages do nt seem to be directly connected to places like europe and only in europe , but where there were things that we are never to forget , a reminder of things good and bad , mostly bad , guessed noah .
the passages do nt seem to be directly connected to places like europe and only in europe , but where there were things that we are never to forget , a reminder of things good and bad , mostly bad , guessed noah .
the next thing i know , he s getting up and brushing off his robes , then wiping off the blood from his face .
bob asked doug , that is the strangest thing that has ever happened to me .
a fire on a closed vessel was about the worst thing that could happen .
day 6 after the last thing i remembered before all of this happened was leaving for work .
that was n't the worst thing i could think of , though .
it was the worst thing i could imagine .
the exact same thing had happened before and that time i was playing an arcade game and had n't been carrying a knife .
the only thing she could be sure of was that they were nt quite human .
as she approached the object hanging from the wall , a most peculiar thing happened .
the last thing i remember was lying in my bed and telling the elders about what happened in the black wood .
the last thing he saw was mr . drummond walking over to one of the two doors , opening it slowly .
vainly , he rechecked the room and found the same thing as when they had first entered .
he remembered that melrose had no knowledge of the history of the outside world and thus did not see the same thing as pierce did looking at the reflection in the mirror .
the worst thing that could have happened was for it to be ignored , thus confirming her placement in this purgatory of a hunting lodge .
so he s got to be going to at least merida , its the only thing around here .
the only thing i was frightened of was standing near you with that pistol in your hands .
the next thing that struck jane was the laughing from the two men by the table .
well , one thing led to another and i eventually found myself hip deep in smoke and redcoats in culloden .
his vision completely failed him leaving the last thing for his eyes to witness was the sight of his own hammer splattered in blood laying in the moonlight .
well done , it is a rare enough thing to find someone capable of confronting such primal impulses , the doctor explained .
now , naturally there are only a handful of explanations known to cause such a thing .
one thing i have nt informed you of yet ; chief gnaeus has decreed that i am not to allow you out of my direct supervision or custody .
still , as the president and his staff arrived signals from the monitors momentarily scrambled , which could only have meant one thing , and they all knew it - a nuclear blast .
president andrews nodded in recognition ; there was no computer , no mathematician , and no scientist who could tell him how this thing was going to end .
there was no such thing as a routine stop , except among the towns and crops of cutter county .
the thing i called about last month .
funny thing was , he was nt wearing any goggles or flight cap .
that is an absurd thing to think .
it could all be a ruse , of course , but if one thing has come out of tonight i have discovered one thingthat the olympiae club are not in possession of the lux .
why would a doctor like your mother have information about such a thing ?
i do nt want to be here , but since i have no choice i m stood with everyone else , waiting for this thing to start and finish so that i can go home .
we wait for three whole minutes but not a single thing happens .
i m always distracted when this happens the physical contact thing .
we tiptoe onto the landingor maybe its just bran and i that tiptoewithout a thing happening .
that s the first thing i notice .
the second thing i see is the barrage of black in front of us .
i think its more of a thing that s happened because a lot of people screwed up .
the second thing i see is that she s crying .
the third thing i see is two children clinging to her , a boy and a girl .
the only thing going back would achieve is more bodies .
i was only five when the whole thing happened so i did nt really know much about it .
i asked cautiously , remembering how the same thing was happening in the usa with florida .
a string of events that all lead to the biggest thing .
he had missed the whole thing due to chorst switching his goggles on .
same thing happened in africa on land humanity sucks .
san and i made a pact to all go to eferos on our first vacation if there was such a thing as vacation in the usm .
despite his 20 years experience in the field , this was a first and he wondered what had happened to cause the system to report such a thing , especially as there was a security system for the external door , to stop , or at least discourage , the theft of expensive equipment from the base .
what s the last thing you can remember from before i found you on the floor ? ''
one thing i know about manny , cos we were at training school together , he looked matthias squarely in the face and chuckled .
my lord , ishtaeth said , and smiled , looking around , and it was a terrible thing to see .
is it not a glorious thing ?
your group do this kind of thing to each other all the time .
* a mote , amidst a tide of darkness gaius iulius caesars death at the hands of a mob is a terrible thing to see .
to make sure this important thing actually happened ?
one more thing about grago ; he was n't on the beautiful little ship ? but his son was .
david nodded , and so the two of them did the most extraordinary thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as just another day , '' was one of liberty 's favorite sayings , and in the unlikely atmosphere of the home , a family of three - four if you counted goo - was born .
the only thing that would have made it better would be if liberty were up , too .
liberty usually checked his blood sugar first thing in the morning , and ears were much less painful to stick than fingertips , especially over time .
never mind such a thing had never even once happened for a kid at the home .
funny thing is i believe him .
that totally freak thing with the headphones that could n't have come at a better time ? ''
the first thing they saw was a small boy , lying very still on his back .
i was hoping for the real thing .
could i really have hallucinated the whole thing ?
the funny thing there , and i mean the dark cosmic irony sort , not the laughing out loud kind , is the only conspiracy was the one they and theirs hatched .
in fact , the only thing anyone noticed was that skin cancers were occurring at lower - than - normal rates and almost everyone had good cholesterol - levels .
the only good thing that resulted was the captain did not want to pay for repairs or replacement ; instead , he hired marissa who is petite and can squeeze into the tight spaces that a repair bot uses .
but she disagreed to come down , as she had noticed the same thing that i had , the rope had become weak due to the sliding of that rock slicer .
as we were coming down the same thing happened that we were afraid of , the rope was not able to handle us and it broke .
another thing the dragon i felt its wing it was made of metal , i am sure it was a machine i said .
my son , by your description of the creature you encountered , i believe you have witnessed a great thing .
you may remember something but you ca n't be sure it 's the last thing , the right thing or even the same day .
some recurring thing .
that was nearly the last thing he remembered as he entered the nearest bar .
you see the thing is that some of memory resides outside the brain .
could such a thing be possible ?
the next thing i knew i awoke on the plane somewhere in the air between new york and guatemala .
son , this is the strangest thing i ' ve ever been a part of , but somehow it all makes sense now . ''
and i will give your lady what she so desperately wants so the last thing you see will be her death . ''
the only thing she was nt going to let slide was their attempts to corrupt the furyan kid before he could fluently speak english .
next thing he knew , his face was in the grass and his wrists in cuffs .
to take his mind off of their glowering companion , joe turned towards krieger and asked , ` ` any thoughts about this ... code thing ? ''
gawdon bennet , thought brick , if that 's the weirdest thing i see today , i should count myself lucky !
before he could go , joe remembered one last thing , ` ` oh ... that woman ... agrippina ... '' danny stopped in mid - step , ` ` what about her ? ''
the code and expense and massive shifting in the virtual timeline , as well as the billions , if not trillions of individuals that would be adversely affected in the game , ensures that such a thing never happens .
growing up made me forget how to play games , and that turned out to be the worst thing that could have happened .
its always a surprise when this kind of thing happens , although it seems to happen more and more .
the same thing occurs in the game .
often this results in silly stories about three headed aliens and that type of thing , but the masses do nt pay attention to the stories and the eternals get their communication from us .
funny thing , that .
then you give others the belief that such a thing is possible .
such a sad thing .
one thing led to another and i soon had jenna come to the centre .
it was the kind of thing pam would do , but never as dramatic as this .
ill be iron man and you can be spiderman , that kind of thing .
maybe he d been on the news regarding some investment thing , or , more likely , a law suit or criminal action .
pam nodded , he acts like an old pro at this sort of thing .
it had just been a friendly thing .
he barely felt a thing , though everyone else was giving him dirty looks .
would n't be such a bad thing to have them as allies then , replied dan .
does this kinda thing happen a lot then ?
i did n't see a thing babe , dan replied as he lit a cigarette and handed it to tristian , before lighting another for himself .
the rushing sensation ceased , and the next thing dan knew he was leaning against a wall , a little breathless .
` ` and if you think i ' m letting you up , you got another thing coming . ''
had the planet been located in a different area of space , or even been at a different stage of its yearly journey around the sun things may have worked out differently , but this was not the case .
it was the worst thing that could happen to me , my gift and my cursethe shadow .
i moved just a little bit again , and the next thing i knew , a violent force crashed into the window , throwing me on the desk below and then down on the floor .
its not like this sort of thing happens every day and we have a guide to follow or whatever .
i played because it was the only thing that soothed the hurt inside me .
that s the thing i miss .
the thing that brought the panic back , a great wave of it making her heart hammer against her ribs .
michael was still in the forest , though the last thing he 'd remembered the strange squat building in the clearing was nowhere to be seen .
rachel had seen plenty of zombie movies , silly apocalyptic stuff featuring shuffling corpses hungry for human brains , and the way the people of st . davids had turned on each other brought these to mind , but there was no such thing , not in the real world .
you were very calm during the whole thing , he said to her raising one eyebrow .
tears streaked down her cheeks as she imagined the worst thing that would happen next .
she closed her eyes trying to remember what she saw that day.the weird thing was cristal and kerim were staring at each other .
they both were real calm during the whole thing .
sometimes it was a gradual thing .
the thing that took the longest for henrys already full brain to realize was the people filling the space were not humans .
i guess , but am still very nervous about the whole thing .
henry thought it must have been a seriously difficult thing for her to admit out loud .
the last thing she remembered was henrys face looking down on her , and then darkness .
that kind of thing does nt really happen .
the only thing i learn on the other news sites is that my family supposedly moved to southern california on short notice when my mom got a job offer , and i stayed behind to finish my junior year .
the video goes on to explain coopers bargain with the u.s . and how he got nominated for the presidency , another thing daskalov had a hand in .
a similar thing happened to me when i began planning this series .
last thing i remember , i fell asleep .
last thing i heard he was fried , burnt toast .
only thing i feel is that our political leaders are ungrateful .
next thing i know , i m surrounded by them as i feel wiry fingers all over my armored body .
last thing i heard , it was still up there , michelangelos separation of light and darkness .
bullying is probably the worst thing that can happen in high school or in any level of study for that matter .
this thing that comes our way is not the making of anythingalien , azrael responds .
first thing i think is that its so small .
and then ariel flies in as the only thing the android does is swat her away and knock her against a wall .
last thing i remember we were on the lost city floating in space somewhere .
he only thing that catches my attention , i realize there are noticeably more pyramids .
i walk in the first thing they do is hug me .
my dad watches the news as its the only thing on television .
to say strang turned a blind eye to some of the less savoury things that took place would not be entirely accurate .
the worst thing was alexs family .
oh candles , music , the usual thing .
funny thing is they forgot such a mass of iron in water would rust .
this is the most natural thing you ve ever seen .
funny thing , through another mans eyes , he recognized his old friend , kyla , as beautiful .
that must be an amazing thing to experience .
a terrible but wonderful thing to experience .
` ` the only good thing that 's happened in cycles is your lifting the requirement that a vhirko keep me in sight at all times .
i did n't have that kind of time , so i opted for what would be the next best thing : the fourth ` ` p '' - panini .
classes and physical training begin first thing tomorrow morning .
and when we found out what horrific thing they were planning ; we could nt let it come to pass .
i know she is , but the thing is that a demon controls her soul .
yeah , the same thing happened to me and cid .
it was the funniest thing she had ever seen .
i 'll have to get hold of him first thing tomorrow to check his availability . ''
-16- first thing the next morning , i headed into the bathroom to find an antacid .
it was the most amazing thing nick had ever seen .
the only thing that snapped nick back into the present was the sound of his magazine hitting the ground .
` ` you know what the weirdest thing is ? ''
` ` not as odd as the whole disappearing force field thing , '' libby explained .
the only thing that woke him up from his trance was a spear slamming into the wall a foot to the right of his head .
he fell onto the floor , and the last thing he heard before blacking out was libby 's frantic voice shouting , ` ` jimmy !
the paper is due first thing monday morning .
the thing is , though , they are not lifting these crates with cranes , but telekinetically .
i forgot about that whole thing you squint at him .
you stare out the window , a little shaky still from the whole possible - decapitation - then - escape thing .
strangest thing too .
there is just one more very strange thing , jhahnahkan said , stroking his chin .
that was the last thing we heard .
were almost there , he announced to the entire group first thing in the morning .
one thing led to another and the race was on the verge of extinction .
it was nt the kind of thing easily forgotten , nor was it the sort of thing many ever endured more than once .
it was nt the kind of thing easily forgotten , nor was it the sort of thing many ever endured more than once .
it was precisely the kind of thing people figured could nt happen if they locked it up safely in the towns bank .
he had arrived to help , to stop such a thing from happening and somehow he had nt made it soon enough .
the red bulls rage was a legendary thing among the underworld ; it was spoken of with nothing but complete terror by those who feared they might earn his wrath .
i ve never heard of such a thing .
he smiled , and it was the most beautiful thing eliza had ever seen .
what 's the first thing you see when you come here ?
sye 's eyes fell to the broken stone , the worst thing is that it 's just like you said .
the last thing she expected , however , was the orb suddenly shoving forward and pushing sye onto the pedestal .
sye slowly shook his head , i saw thatthat thing come down .
that ll be a fine thing to happen as we unravel this grand mystery .
in all the things that had happened , this was the last thing she expected .
in all the things that had happened , this was the last thing she expected .
the last thing i heard , said sye , was him asking what have i done .
it 's no easy thing to find your life ripped apart as yours has been . ''
the result for bethel was dire - to feel lodestok 's wrath was one thing the boy most dreaded .
` ` what an awful thing to put you by , lad . ''
` ` only one good thing 's come out of the warlord 's invasion , kalor . ''
the thing is , sarehl , though she was only conscious for a short time i sensed things immediately .
what a terrible thing . ''
that 's the last thing we want to happen here . ''
each peak she reached , the same thing happened , until she was left standing on the edge of a water - filled crater .
i ' m not used to this sort of thing . ''
the ceremonial mating is a passing thing , done just over the time of pudha .
an odd thing it was , too , to hear a catlin called by a talent that does n't know that it exists . ''
shed been watching the entire thing from entrance to end .
georgianna was nt good at automatically knowing which kind of spice a dish needed to really bring out the flavour , nor did she know how to counteract things when they went wrong .
the two of them had been scouting a building out and next thing anyone knew , ashoke was dead and nobody saw alec again .
good thing we offered then , is nt it ?
it certainly is symbolic of the destruction of babylon , but i believe that the real thing is yet to come .
now , after all these years , we could be about to witness the real thing .
but the most surprising thing of all was that people were accepting it .
( matthew 24:25 - 27 ) the picture given in this passage is not one of raptured saints celebrating in heaven , but rather it is one of disillusioned believers , who had thought their saviour would have already arrived and taken them away ; and the warning that jesus gives is that there will be no such thing as a ` ` secret '' vanishing .
if there 's one thing i ca n't abide , it is to see or hear another human being suffering .
i reply , its an iol thing , especially regards ladies .
it did nt even occur to him to wonder whether or not it was real sunlight ; it was the first bright , cheering thing he d seen here .
the man guided them through the monitor room , talking too rapidly of things tristan did nt understandtonnage and labor linesand pointing at screens with red lights scattered at random among green lines that twisted like a river seen from the rim of a canyon .
other than fixing the valve and dropping the monitor , we did nt see a thing .
after several minutes of remembering small images from the procedure , he remembered the last thing he thought of before they began .
when he was living with brotter , buckman realized a strange thing .
i tried to talk to her for a while , but i ' m just no good with this sort of thing .
i had nothing to report on , so i kept the minutes , making the whole thing seem a little more like an official government - like function and less like a bunch of desperate survivors squatting in a deserted factory .
i think this whole thing might have been the result of someone trying to engineer a naturally occurring ' zombie ' virus into a bio - weapon .
get back to the thing about the salt , i take it it 's through the elevator shaft , concentrated on any damage made to the panels ?
the last thing she saw was john staring down at her .
i know i did not give enough to pay for what i have received at this thing here tonight , but multitudes of people like shanti and rapalo , from many countries , give a little each , and already this is what we made . ''
moses liked having a male to turn to and sms 's became a regular thing between the two of them after that .
good thing i was nt a zaphead , or you d all be meat .
there is no such thing as a mercy killing .
no , i ve just been around so long i ve figured out a thing or two .
we can hole up , make a run to a store now and then , wait this thing out .
but i think the saddest thing was the death of wejholl , one of the alons .
graid saw she was just bouncing a ball , but she laughed and giggled as if it was the most wonderful thing to do .
the same thing happened when i did this to a freeloader while living among them on their world .
i did n't know that such a thing of electricity could be transmitted through various objects or used to kill a manoid .
i did not know such a thing was possible .
am i in trouble for yesterday , for being in the tree because of the whole boartling thing ?
set course for gehenna first thing tomorrow , as soon as were able .
` ` is everyone going to this global gathering thing tonight ? ''
only thing is , drew keeps talking about the high prince of romulus , how he hates that the remus family have so much money and they love wasting it .
but the weirder thing is his skin , it 's now a funny colour , like a dark shade of silver .
i realized then that somehow smith had run the whole thing .
this whole thing made me dizzy .
my neighbors were also suspects of course , as this same thing had happened three years earlier to howie longs boy .
` ` worst is , next thing you know , your family is different people , and things you thought happened did n't happen , and folks say things happened that you do n't remember .
` ` worst is , next thing you know , your family is different people , and things you thought happened did n't happen , and folks say things happened that you do n't remember .
mom and dad divorced , and there was no such thing as real love .
the most important thing was that thortan was gone , and i was fully in charge of my own work again .
we ca nt let the same thing happen here , bert .
the trees , including the big one in the yard , looked healthy and untouched , as though the tentacle things had never happened .
henry could nt remember such a thing ever happening to him before .
the next thing i knew , i was lying on a hard surface , waking up .
i was watching the same terrible thing happen again !
i can authorize a flight first thing tomorrow morning .
if the thing was purely a publicity stunt , it was carried out with exceeding tenderness .
even if death waited in the entire valley , it would be a terrible thing to die in darkness , especially at the hands of some thing that lived in darkness .
the thing is ... when they left me here , they gave me this .
that s the thing , said saul .
he wondered if blindness truly meant for such an amazing thing to come to pass .
the only thing i can imagine , said wodi , is that they know where the others are .
that s the thing i saw !
that thing is as the primitives dispersed , wodan saw a flash of light and a heavy blast picked him up , pushed the air from him and deafened him , then flung him to the ground .
craziest thing i saw was one little outlander get throwed and hit a table , i swear i thought it killed him !
the first thing he noticed was the bedroom door broken off its hinges and lying a few feet from the doorframe .
yes , but do nt you remember how this whole thing started ?
if i missed then we would both fall back down to the ground and be in a worse state , and still have to do the whole thing over .
he said , as if the whole thing could nt possibly be real .
the only good thing was that with a time limit i knew when things were going to happen .
i need you back here first thing in the morning .
what about the other thing that happened ?
the only thing we ve accomplished is getting my asp nearly nipped off .
what 's this amazing thing that 's happening to her ?
i thought it the most natural thing to make it a dome .
while doing my work one day , i came across a storage room and saw the most amazing thing , a room filled entirely with books .
he only expected some thing , but there was no some thing .
never before had such a bizarre thing happened to him .
he simply sat in awe and in peace , in the presence of the sun , and knew that someday others would witness the same thing he was witnessing and would enjoy the sun just as he was doing .
its the same thing that happens when your computer gets a nasty virus you ca nt get rid of .
i have not heard of such a thing , commander syll .
as the last thing he saw , i am sure he was most pleased .
the last thing she knew before the dark swallowed her up was the hard grip of darvan 's hand slipping away .
that gooey blue weirdo had told him , there 's no such thing as a co - incidence .
amber had never heard of any such of thing .
as she worked that afternoon she could nt stop thinking about the amy thing and what that was all about .
unfortunately , this type of thing was common by the 2100s .
you 'll tell them about the places you ' ve been , the things you ' ve seen . ''
i was still a bit confused about the whole thing , even though marlon gave me a tour of bradley 's lab and tried to explain it all .
and that meant no one paid attention when i wanted to get a sneak preview of ` ` the next great thing '' .
that sneaky bastard lancaster had the whole thing planned .
it 's the only thing that could have made them send you away . ''
when they finally arrived , the first thing i noticed was that ralph looked older .
` ` it was the worst thing i ever felt until i found out why .
and then the worst thing i ever felt was that you ... you did n't even bother telling me any of it .
that was the first thing i realized .
fred started to act like he was embarrassed to be with scott ( knowing the future joke value alone of such a thing ) by running to the opposite side of the tunnel into the fresha .
jen saw the whole thing ( and she knew jim needed her ) .
then they heard a woman scream ( the worst thing you could ever hear after you killed someone ) and they looked back .
i do hope so , with all the money we paid and the almost dying thing and all , jen joked as she watched the ship pierce the atmosphere .
come now , chum , there might be a new video game thing , back at home , huh , beth said without remorse , as she knew that in the scene she could say anything true or not and he had to act it correctly ( everything was true in a scene .
jen took a few steps away from them and tried to remember this thing shed seen on the news - the one the white goatee wearing newsperson story true was talking about , she tried to remembered .
because this is the most outrageous thing i have ever seen , insisted fred as his voice relayed fear to jim as he intended it to .
i know this thing happens all the time , but i worry , that wife of his will do something stupid .
and i was gon na , ask you tomorrow , but since this amazing thing , has happened , jim muttered as he searched his pocket .
beth , when the thing happens , how do you want me to react ?
crazy thing though i , ben muttered as he tried to clear his mind of all the thoughts from last year .
i mean , its one thing to be confronted by holograms that are not humans and not like anything on earth .
that would be a great thing to be able to show .
the next thing i know , i m waking up .
i do nt even know how such a thing could happen .
then you feel great about the whole thing .
the hair thing , again ?
winston had assured him that no such thing existed .
it could mean only one thing somebody was watching them , and that somebody might be close .
and then a miraculous thing happens .
the two of them were nt very good at this sort of thing , dad and daughter stuff , so he changed the subject .
austin followed him , fixated on this impossible thing .
she had heard rumors of this kind of thing : patents suppressed , scientists threatened into submission .
the whole thing was making the hair on her arms stand up .
if you could n't remember it , how could you tell if there was or was n't a no - mem thing in your life ?
i do n't think zac had any part in this , so we can try and cheer him up , but there 's still another strange thing in all that happened this afternoon .
this minutemen network thing must be pretty big , mcgarren said admiring the steel monoliths of the cityscape .
the next thing i know i m tied up in one of my kitchen chairs and my hand is missing .
but mostly since she had discovered her missing fathers part in the horrific things that had taken place there .
the last thing justus had expected to find , however , was his crew knelt in cuffs outside the crimson beauty .
one thing he must never forget , however , is that lord malizar is in control .
the possibility that peter marx is alive is the worst thing that could happen , with this beacon approaching .
for a moment , i wondered if she would transform into a magic beast or burst into fireworks , or some such thing .
the next thing i knew , we were riding back through the woods .
and that was the last thing i remembered .
and it 's a rare thing to find even these days . ''
i guess that it was a common thing with cured , because they just threw me in the manual jobs pool without really worrying about it . ''
` ` i do n't think there 's such a thing as felonies anymore . ''
the thing is , one of her scav buddies did a preliminary sweep of that lab months ago .
you know , booze , contraceptives , that sort of thing . ''
the worst thing that could happen had already happened .
` ` yeah , '' he said , ` ` i do n't think i could stand this thing for one more minute either .
and that was the very kind of thing that the world university was invented to prevent .
then people took these things meant to comfort them too seriously and began fighting and killing those who simply thought another improbable thing must be right .
by juxtaposing the most jarring thing possible , aninflammatorymessage left in graffiti on the center of the government , i could get the world 's attention .
not to wear , though , just the whole running into primeval combat in my underwear thing .
but can anyone in this room please tell me at least one good thing that he did ?
the second thing was that i felt instantly like a cretin .
the only thing you ve ever feared is the unknown .
and the same thing happens to the said idiot not two feet away , also .
the first thing i noticed was that his left eye was gone and had been replaced with what my fan boy mind could only discern as a cyborg one , which glowed yellow .
but i got to say that the landing ( you know , that thing that happens after you leap from a bullet - ridden twelve story building ) was never part of my fantasies .
this alliance was the best thing that ever happened to russia , who , might i add , also added serbia to the alliance so austria - hungary would nt expand their borders .
like olger had done , bjourn nodded knowingly like what i d just said was a very normal thing .
the last thing i remembered was rolling my wobbling head down to see klaus ' bloodied face vanish and chloe busting through the door and screaming something i did n't understand .
clein cried , as though it were the most indignant thing anybody had ever heard of .
i find this sort of thing interesting .
the idea of a bad thing coming from the fez had been eradicated .
there had been one more thing i wanted to ask perry about , but i could nt remember .
that s the last thing i remember .
he d never heard of such a thing .
molly is helping to set the whole thing up .
peering out of the bushes , first thing louis saw was the all awe inspiring man - child that was frank fatbottom .
we must find shelter , then onwards , and forwards through the kingdom of gwynedd the first thing the next morning .
thinking that a peculiar thing to say , louis did not yet understand the mistaken words molly just spoke .
` ` well what a dumb thing to say louis .
it 's like the same thing is going on here .
` ` if all goes well broomstick we will back there maybe before nightfall or maybe the first thing in the morning , but first i must take the white queens crown to spadefoot .
next thing you know frank fatbottom showed up out of nowhere , he was real excited and i noticed he had this large black - eye .
the strangest thing happened next . ''
last thing i saw of them both , they were all covered in soot and coughing up a black storm .
do you want to know what the funny thing is ?
oh , would n't that be a nice thing to have ?
earlier in the day nero had done a rare thing .
lexia had insisted on giving him commentary about every uninteresting thing that occurred .
` ` in that art show thing . ''
maybe first thing , maybe second .
first thing she did , she put her foot on my leg , not even looking at noy guard , she just did it .
first thing i notice , she s cute , like always .
nesk thing i see , her face is a dark color , she s looking down , embarrassed .
i m sitting alone , when the nesk thing i know , there is reina .
the very last thing i saw were the caballos prancing about , and stebi running around in middle of them !
nesk thing i know , were both under water , holding hands , just like we used to do at 1223 .
the worst thing was that he could nt tell the twins apart anymore .
it was never the same thing twice .
every bad thing that happened was due to raymond and zingers direct actions .
we will not for a moment believe that such a thing can occur twice .
on a spring - tide at thorsness thing these brothers - in - law thorgrim kiallakson and asgeir of ere gave out that they would not give a lift to the pride of the thorsness - folk , and that they would go their errands in the grass as otherwhere men do in man - motes , though those men were so proud that they made their lands holier than other lands of broadfirth .
therewith were they parted , but yet in such wise that the kiallekings might not go up on to the field ; so they took ship , and fared away from the thing .
after the thing the chiefs on either side sat at home with many men about them , and much ill blood there was between them .
but the thorsnessings said that all the kiallekings had fallen unhallowed because of their law - breaking at a holy thing .
and at that thing was one of the holiest of steads , but there men were not forbidden to go their errands .
i got mixed up in some nonsense with ouija boards , you know the sort of thing kids get up to .
it is a fine thing to see you too charlotte , whatever the hour , said tobias closing the door on his neighbours complaints .
the ordinary little casualties of evil fortune had certainly from time to time , in the shape of illness , and one thing or another , attacked the family of the bannerworths in common with every other family , but here suddenly had arisen a something at once terrible and inexplicable .
the reason why he received such notice he knew well enough , and therefore he did not trouble himself to argue about a superstition to which he felt now himself almost , compelled to give way ; for how could he say there was no such thing as a vampyre , when he had , with his own eyes , had the most abundant evidence of the terrible fact ?
the next thing he was aware of , he was driving down the road with the gryphon in the seat beside him , leaning its head out of the window , its feathers ruffled by the slipstream .
the rest of the company is coming here first thing , gordred said .
this was easily the most important thing to happen on earth .
the thing is they had nt been completely truthful , the technology they had given earth was quite old .
julianna who was in a recessed doorway with dr . hendricks further down the street , shot one retreating laikan as he crossed , but the others made it safely behind more parked cars from where they sent a volley of shots and chase had to duck into the office to avoid the whole death thing .
no , not interesting , the only interesting thing is to get out of here !
if the blood is tainted , and such a thing is inherently rare , only a few per generation , then the child is ordered to walk a different path , apart from the rest of the children .
better stories were told of the treachery of the outlanders , of the crimes of the bad people , that kind of thing .
i did see that he needed healing , though , and despite custom i would have to breach that space to touch his flesh the only thing that i could think of was how extraordinarily lucky he had been to be bitten by a dog that was no undead and pursued by others that were .
she actually laughed and smiled all the way , a rare thing .
it is a place where things go tothats wherethey all go to she could nt say it out loud , but i knew what she was going to say .
i marveled at it , a rare thing .
no , i said , such a thing was forbidden , it was said .
the man came over to me , pushed something to my nose , and it was the last thing i remembered in the land of dwindle .
him blaming the whole thing on me .
this thing may never be .
her co - workers knew what had happened , and they tiptoed their words around cynthia , afraid that any little thing would upset her .
well ill tell ya ; this is the biggest thing to happen while i ve been mayor .
vii first thing in the morning i went to the domer base .
historia found this whole thing amusing .
i looked in and the first thing i saw was the small door sitting ajar .
the piece was exquisite in its fashion and absolutely perfect in its design and presentation ; a true work of art and the most unexpected thing patroclus could have imagined being involved in this charade .
a bloody long time , atreus interrupted as he sprang to his feet and pointed at their host , and whilst there are probably stacks of things i do nt know about you , there s one thing i do know for sure .
the last thing atreus recalled seeing was patroclus tumbling over the back of the couch as it was lifted off the ground .
anyway , like i was saying , there is one thing about all this that we know for sure .
and while you re letting me do the talking , atreus continued , testing all his options in one hit , there s another thing i should tell you about .
that s the unfortunate thing .
she s the best thing that ever happened to you .
that thing , my young friend , is a good , old - fashioned sandstorm and judging by the size of it , its come straight out of the bible .
the pave hawks perfect for this kind of thing , pat .
the walls very long length and extra width could only mean one thing .
she s given you another chance and that s got to be the best thing out of all of this .
logical would have been telling me about this broad anomaly thing before i even left home , so i could have pointed out how dumb you are right there and then .
were heading out first thing in the morning so its adios for now .
the same thing happened as both bullets disappeared skywards .
the last thing we saw was trey charging into that energy beam to have it out with the alien .
the last thing i saw before face - planting into the hill was you on your back with that lunatic bearing down on you with a sword , theo explained .
the one thing i do know for sure though , is that jack was nt the sharpest tool in the alien shed .
the last thing she felt was her head crack against the rock wall .
that was the last thing i remembered before i felt axels hand on my shoulder , shaking it to wake me up .
he knew wolf had sacrificed himself , he had seen the whole thing in his dream .
he flooded my mind with feelings of reassurance and images of what he imagined the whole thing would look like .
then a strange thing .
one thing i did notice : the ship seemed to collapse , getting smaller , the walls converging .
` ` i hope the extraordinary thing that uruk has planned happens after we leave .
i know you 're in close contact with gilgamesh because of thatthat thing on your neck , with hairs . ''
what a thing to ask .
i guess the only good thing , the only exceptional thing i 'd ever done in the past was to marry susan .
the only thing i could think of was lady godiva riding naked through the streets .
the last thing he remembered was jumping out through the haymow door with the others .
the next thing the a.i .
` ` i ' ve never heard of such a thing ?
` ` a very sad thing happened today , '' guilietta said .
a beautiful night for such a thing . ''
lincoln just laughed at the whole thing .
` ` i ' ve never experienced such a thing , '' hansum admitted .
because this is totally a thing that people do !
the blinking levelled out , and gralso tried to move his hands , but the same thing happened .
the whole thing was over in a minute .
the only thing i can see is a hole over there .
but its something i ca nt imagine : the possibility of suddenly dying often its the most natural thing in the world .
wow , that 's a nice thing to come home tu .
its a thing we do in my time , he explained .
oh , one thing jeff began as they headed out of the cave , what s your first name ?
its a bad , indecent thing to try to read someone elses thoughts , johnny , she told him .
what if the same thing that happened to mark also happened to johnny ?
it was an unusual thing to occur .
two bears says that your doppelganger can appear in the source and that such a thing is a very dangerous situation .
i should have known it was some such thing when he would nt see me .
we unicorns have also sensed such a thing .
it was far too close a thing , all of it , the shaman said soberly , after he had put them down and also greeted his old friends mort , dooley and ned .
when we reached my new friend 's home and she was able to reassure herself that her pups were fine , we 'd figure out what this strange thing was that connected us .
this thing between us , it 's strange . '
` ` they are used to this sort of thing .
wanted to know if the same thing would happen again , if the same electricity would shock my system .
the next thing i knew i was bawling .
the same thing happened from the other end of the terminal area .
further works by john pirillo novels ( young adult ) perihelion ( all episodes of this serial novel ) escape to adventure , the dreamers awaken escape to adventure , the island of the god escape to adventure , gods of air , gods of earth escape to adventure combo war of the worlds , the forever friends war of the worlds , the nest war of the worlds , earth , god of destruction war of the worlds combo serial novels ( young adult ) the baker street adventures a strange thing on a strange day hyde the land beyond the beyond a matter of grave perception the jungle lord the power of one , the power of nine ` ` the death of conan , '' a baker street snippet one cartoon episode one : shades of gray , the portal is opening episode two : ahoy matey , fire in the hole episode three : the princess of the world episode four : for whom the bell tolls episode five : hell 's kitchen , the love triangle to hell and back episode one : the demon lord episode two : death comes in seven flavors perihelion episode one : the convolution episode two : the plummet of death episode three : a world gone mad episode four : revenge of the interlopers episode five : death in the trees episode six : on the edge of the abyss lord when 's time folds lord when 's first adventure , the lost child lord when 's second adventure , friendship time swirl , a binky adventure journey into the unknown the moon princess , a clifford snow adventure samuel light , spiritual detective the shasta capers , ` ` dead men do n't talk .
she brought her hand to her mouth in shock , as if this was the most barbaric thing she had seen here this day .
your eyes will adapt , said ailios , but he was certain that luthis did nt believe him anymore , not after the prayer thing back there .
good thing you re not in charge then .
but she knew that he was only relaying cleo 's words ; she had been summoned , and that could mean only one thing .
the last thing he remembered was being in the bathroom when this big , purple vortex sucked him up .
the last thing i remember , as i told her is getting ready for a date ..
the second weird thing i noticed , and almost missed the first time was that when i set the thing down on my desk in my room , it was actually floating a few inches above the desk .
but the wasteland is a fluid place things change , and if we ca nt keep tabs on our environment , we can not adapt to ever shifting situations , and may find ourselves eliminated in that way .
the thing was , even i did nt know how much i believed them .
foolish thing to run into a xenofungal field without the proper breathing equipment .
this was the most notable thing to take place since the beginning of his tour here , never mind the storm periods .
she s the leader , were the led , that sort of thing ?
he was trying to recall the standard operating procedure for this sort of thing .
not having witnessed it directly , he could nt quite imagine how shed managed such a thing in such a short amount of time .
same thing that always happens .
he knew how to make the whole thing happen , like a match to rice paper , it was as easy as punching a time clock for him .
strangest thing .
the only thing i could pick up was that a cruise ship stopped here , and a day or two later , found a dead woman on board .
i m a stranger here to the new way new orleans is running , but in the other domes i deal with , that kind of thing is nt exactly tolerated , she said .
xed had a thing or two coming to him .
we can take out xed , but that does nt guarantee that he has nt set up provisions in case just such a thing happens .
she thought through all of her known connections , but none of them would be able to get her the dome access that they really needed to make this thing happen .
as you re considering my offer , i will tell you that if you decide to kill me , it wo nt stop a thing .
one thing would snap zolgron out of this for sure .
it was the result of false hope from her mother , the cruelest thing in the world .
no one ever considered how such a thing was possible but after all , the books are called rome 's revolution for a reason .
entry 1 - 106 : april 10 , 2013 rei 's rescue -the problem with silence in the stirring opening chapter of the original long - form version of rome 's revolution , the first thing you , the reader , encounters is the near - collision of a vuduri space tug , just emerging from a ppt with the tumbling , out - of - control ark ii .
the next thing i did was have rei look down at his hand .
entry 1 - 166 : june 9 , 2013 rei takes his bearings , part 2 the next thing i had rei do , in the long form of rome 's revolution was twist around and he felt a shooting pain in his back .
but a remarkable thing happened .
occasionally , he cracks a joke but it is a rare thing .
the amazing thing is that i feel i have just scratched the surface of the underlying physics and sociology of the rome 's revolution universe .
if such a thing were possible , he was astounded .
omcom performed a single tiny act and then like a cascade of dominoes , he waited for the next thing to happen .
the only sad thing is the core routines to perform this act were created by masal .
of course this chapter , probably the second best thing i ' ve written , was excised from the current version and it , too , will be in the vuduri companion .
but the most important thing she learned was that the kings token entrusted to her could not be safely hidden in her bosom , so she chose a new hiding place .
they knew he was the human mage befriended by zael , an uncommon thing for them to witness because their elf - lord had rarely shown respect to humans .
daniel accepted his friends interruptions as if it was the most natural thing , which for them it was .
dillon had never heard of such a thing .
residents could see the whole thing on the monitors whenever they wanted but he really had wanted this to turn out well .
this thermal depolymerization thing , kind of creepy , do nt ya think ?
` ` same thing here .
i made a hell of a lot of noise in the process as my boots collided with the panels every time i hoisted myself up , but then , shifting upwards through metallic tubes had never been a regular thing for me , so i was nt entirely surprised .
the next thing i knew , i was waking up in a room not too unlike where i had just been , although i was under no illusions ; it was a cell , and i had been found .
the next thing i remembered was coming round in a bed , looking up to see langer and two women looking down on me , one a brunette and the other a redhead , dressed from head to toe in leather jumpsuits .
the whole thing was truly awful to witness , but i could nt stop watching .
then to top it off , he stands before us and lies about the whole thing .
she would often be found spooning our more established guests first thing in a morning .
heres where it gets interesting though ; i want to film the whole thing .
the universe is a huge place full of grotesque things that always seem to happen when you re least prepared .
if you are doing this , then others must have the same thing happening to them .
one of her own turned on her in the end and plugged her in the back , so the only thing the cs authorities were arresting was her cooling corpse .
you 'd think with how many worlds humans have spread across we 'd do this sort of thing more often . ''
` ` what 's your standard procedure when this sort of thing happens ? ''
he did n't trust his memories anymore , but one thing that the sisters had told him still ran through his mind .
that click usually signaled silence from the other end of the line , a faint static hiss the only thing that would escape through .
the only thing scarier than that is slow cancer . ''
he had no idea who this person was , yet she sounded as if talking to a stranger from another silo were the most normal thing in the world .
it was a strange thing to be plotting in a dark room that stank of old pee with two other elderly people .
losing graham had been the last thing he expected and maybe that was why it hurt so very badly .
a release of a lab built super flu that will decimate the population and look like a total fluke , then when the other things happen , run of the mill earthquakes , terror attacks fires that kind of thing the causalities will be higher because hospitals and response personal will be already starched to the limit , leo was in the center of the main room typing on a computer terminal .
a release of a lab built super flu that will decimate the population and look like a total fluke , then when the other things happen , run of the mill earthquakes , terror attacks fires that kind of thing the causalities will be higher because hospitals and response personal will be already starched to the limit , leo was in the center of the main room typing on a computer terminal .
so what s going on with the whole attack thing ?
he had watched the whole thing from start to finish .
some time alone was nice , he could let himself drift a little while he thought of a convincing story to explain the whole bursting into flames thing .
so what s with the sunlight thing i was told about ?
that is weird , like an instant sunburn kind of thing ?
peter figured that was how this little thing would end for them .
the only thing he registered was that he had almost had an accident but other than that there was nothing .
it gave him one less thing to look forward to but he knew that in the long run it was much better then drawing this out any longer than necessary .
no such thing as wounded , the guns these creatures carried only killed .
peter followed in disbelief at how easily the whole thing had gone .
he was just waiting to die , cursing every minute the fact that he had lived through this whole thing .
that the whole thing had been a hallucination and that she was going to walk through those doors and everything would be fine .
peter grabbed a pad of paper and a pen and began planning the whole thing out .
not about to leave himself at the mercy of the man who had abused her , he directed his escort down sloan road ill be damned , there is such a thing to the east .
nah , that transition to my liberated exoskeleton was the best thing that ever happened to me , and it relieved a boatload of pain , thank you very much .
the scariest thing is he really has nt lost it .
same thing that would ve happened to us anyway .
the scary thing was , i believed them .
its kind of romantic , each person waking up in a better world and the first thing they see is their soul mate .
they ve sent these transmissions to every language expert on earth and the only thing they could agree on was that he s speaking a language they ve never heard before .
i think the scariest thing , is seeing your home for the first time in years and not recognizing it , sophia replied .
having been out of contact and separated by continents for days , they had both decided that seeing one another again would be the only thing that would soften the blow of their inevitable surrender to drellic .
that was the one thing drellic could nt explain to me , but said you could , core whispered .
it was his invulnerability and merciless tactics that revolved around a sense of darwinism , that made winston feel that drellic was truly the best thing to ever happen to mankind .
some accounts contradicted others , but there was one thing they all agreed on .
we all saw a different version of the same thing .
and it could mean only one thing ; the attack was about to start soon .
it could mean only one thing : nick and louis had accomplished their mission .
the first thing henty saw was the fuel gauge , which read three - quarters full .
how could such a thing be possible , for this woman to escape the wrath of the mightiest nation on earth ?
you were there , you saw the whole thing .
you know there s this thing going on called global warming , right ?
how does he know so much about the bell rock thing ?
well , harry looks like he does because he visited uptown sedona after the bell rock thing , looking for a body template .
kali said transport him and the next thing i remember is satori shoving me into this big room where about thirty people were floating in the freakin air .
so i just floated right down to the floor , like it was a natural thing , you know ?
i had feared this very thing would happen .
wish we had time to stop and go through that thing again .
you know , the dmt thing they warned me about .
leela : if we survive this thing , marty , i ve got a big surprise for you when we get back to sedona .
we ve decided to tell them everything , even the stuff about nebula jones and big mama and the whole thing that happened in new mexico .
you think you might be a robot , a cyborg , that sort of thing .
our job right now is to gather as many people as we can and leave here before this thing happens .
but there is no way that thing was any of our friends pranking us .
i was experiencing the very same thing .
the same thing , as i understood from witnessing brynnas brief transformation , was happening to her and james .
i replied with a noncommittal shrug , yeah , its crazy to say out loud , but there was this thing back home .
the last thing i heard was penny screaming .
typical male response to a woman bringing up that awful thing that happened to them once a month ...
its a tough thing , seeing someones darkness at such a young age when before one had seen only light .
i wanted to stay there with him forever and forget every unspeakably horrific thing that had happened .
the last thing i saw was a towering green wall parting to reveal a circular tunnel .
well , that was just about the weirdest thing to ever happen .
in fact , the only thing that it proves is that he does n't have a brain .
i wished the same thing would happen to me .
those things her voice dropped to a whisper , and all anger towards me faded as she looked at violet .
if there 's one thing i know for sure , it 's that you would have survived , brynna .
brynna was well aware that whatever terrible thing that had been pulling at her instincts all morning had finally occurred .
if there s one thing i ve learned over these many years , its that reaching the dead - end of the road is a harrowing and very sad thing .
do you want to hear the strangest thing ?
what an awful thing for him to tell you !
i scrambled backwards , tripped over my own rifle , got it into my hands , and then time did that funny slowing , elastic thing again .
maybe the fire had started inside , or the extreme heat had caused it to burst into flame , spontaneous combustion , but it was a strange thing to watch .
they could only record passing time if you had a point of reference , and she had n't thought to look at her wrist when the whole thing had started .
as they had traveled , a funny thing had happened , the rest of them had become interested in bob 's idea of a new nation , and then become invested in it .
it was a thing that donita knew .
i saw that whole thing too .
i saw the same fucking thing you did .
blind babies , empty vessels that would never be anything more , and then the second bad thing had happened .
the only thing that she could nt remember exactly was how she had left new york city and ended up on this planet .
everything , and i do mean every single thing that went on at school , happened online , but the tradition of requiring names on mailboxes stayed .
i finished climbing into the attic and the first thing i saw was a tablet on a small nightstand .
that s the first thing i saw .
the first thing i noticed were that the keypad symbols were not slanted one iota .
a horribly loud bang , a flash of heat , and surprisingly hard grass were the last things i remember before disappearing into the land of the darkness .
i have heard a thing or two about the piskka incident though .
next thing i knew , i was doing speaking engagements and fundraisers at synagogues on the southside and at catholic parishes in east neer and i was the frontrunner for my districts commission seat .
the timing was nt right , that sort of thing .
and next thing you know , back on carl now , my bureau gets a call .
` ` there 's a stock response to that , about there never being such a thing , but i guess i need to change it a bit and ask how could you be so stupid ? ''
if we accept evolution as our base theory , then you have to accept all of its implications , warts and all ( skip ) hishiyama : the most frightening thing we ' ve seen since the completion of the genome project is a rapid closing of the gaps between coded dna strands , a shrinking , if you will .
you ca nt , of course , keep such a thing secret , and the state police substation heard the excited chatter on the fire net and sent out a car .
one was telling the other how a cousin had died of a brain concussive thing .
the newspapers would certainly mention such a thing as a missing sheriff .
hopefully , getting drunk would be an occasional thing .
keith swung the gun at her and the next thing she knew , she was lying on her side in the hallway .
but the most horrible thing possible happened .
such a thing would ve deeply disturbed his people , but now it felt natural .
i did not say anything , but i gave him a shiny smile , just pretending that this is the most spontaneous thing that has ever happened to be before .
the last thing i see is the first thing that i have seen .
the last thing i see is the first thing that i have seen .
then , i think of the one thing that made me want to grab somebodies neck and ramble it until it falls off .
i lay on the ground for awhile , then i realize that the same thing will happen unless i use something .
i hit the log again , and the same thing happens , i hit it hard with my hand , with a tear coming from my eyes .
that s kind of an odd thing for him to be upset about , melissa remarked .
the strange thing was that the plant was all dried up and dead .
the first strange thing that we noticed was an unusual shadow hanging over a small alkali lake in the valley below our campsite .
it was the damnedest thing i had ever seen .
great , ill set that up and we can meet first thing saturday morning , matt replied .
i ve never heard of such a thing , matt replied .
i know you re disappointed , but one good thing has come out of this , she hinted .
those are the survivors , minus one , who got smuggled out to a place with better medical facilities for that sort of thing .
` ` it 's about what you 'd expect , except perhaps for one thing . ''
he 's been going around apologizing to people , repaying debts , that sort of thing . ''
as they got near the supply depot , ott heard an odd sound , but could n't get it to register as one thing or another .
i was thinking of the cousins who have indulged in robbery , mugging , that sort of thing .
the first man who saw harvey let loose a cheer , which caused a bit of chaos , not a good thing up on scaffolding .
it was the most astonishing thing bates had ever seen , and he could only sit gaping at them as open - mouthed and wide - eyed as a stunned mackerel !
` ` sure thing , hank , this is the place !
* * * * the tumbling sandra episode motivated bates to rearrange his office furniture the first thing wednesday morning , hopefully for the final time .
it was not a pleasant thing to contemplate .
this was the best thing to happen to him in twenty years !
damnedest thing !
just then , a curious thing happened .
in real - time things do seem to happen fast : lickity - split one thing after another , do n't they ?
then a terrible and extraordinary thing happened that he would never forget .
but this was a day when all other events were placed in clearer perspective and soured by the terrible thing that had happened to dr . oscar oscomb , expert biologist , loud singer , bud drinker , b - team - mate , hero , and dear friend .
we decided to spend the rest of the day on your plan , and then vote again the first thing tomorrow .
` ` have either of you ever heard of such a thing ?
then , related the unicorn , an even odder thing happened .
for the last twenty - five years jigs felt a bit like a driver during an auto accident , sitting tightly strapped in and helplessly watching as his vehicle crashed through a guard rail , shot out over a gigantic cliff , and nose - dived towards the dark , jagged rocks below , with the whole thing happening in adrenaline induced super - slow motion , as painfully inadequate efforts were made in equally super - slow motion to prevent what appeared to be inevitable disaster .
just then a strange thing happened .
everyone was knocked back in their seats , helpless , with the exception of flood , who continued humming , goyahkla , who was now chanting in apache and beating tom - toms that had materialized in his hands , and pru and fen , who stood unaffected in the isle , as though ten - g acceleration was the most natural thing in the world to them .
he had never done this sort of thing before , but had seen many press conferences given by government officials on the visicom .
` ` my wife and i had the same thing happen to us with our honeymoon .
then a curious thing happened .
` ` that was the most wonderful and amazing thing that ever happened to me , '' she said excitedly in return , as she smiled up at him .
then a strange thing happened .
this seemed to be a very strange thing to her and jimmy .
this sort of thing had been happening to him all morning .
we ' ve got to figure out now if we should pull the plug right away to avoid the worst case scenario , or take a chance with her to last through the whole thing !
death was a terrible thing , and ultimately it seemed to be inescapable , but there was also wondrous life in the world !
` ` you should know by now that seeing me is n't necessarily the best thing that can happen to you .
a luxurious thing ryo had not experienced before .
the last thing he saw was her sitting in her chair , watching the mountains approaching rapidly , and staring off into a distant sky .
there is love for you and between you and lord masilec , and that is a rare thing .
the same thing happened on my planet until then , as what is happening here .
you ca nt personally be responsible for every single thing that occurs .
do you have any knowledge of such a thing ?
the only thing i can think of is that the captain with knowledge of the future has changed events .
yes , i keep wishing for the same thing .
one thing he knewhinev 's condition had bothered her more than she let on at first , more than he had thought it would .
is it so hard a thing to die ?
she had waited for one thing only before introducing herself to death : for selerael to return .
the one thing i had nt anticipated , lier , nilery paused , is that the tulorians were at war with each other until the very arrival of the velastria .
yet the seynorynaelian public itself had known nothing of the tentative plans of maklians council to form a federation with the inhabitants of any aliens they discovered , if against all odds , such a thing was possible .
she returned , struck by the horror that she had once also wished for the same thing .
` ` i do n't want her or the others to fear the future , to wonder if perhaps such a thing could happen to them . ''
* * * the next thing i remember is that abraham lincoln was selling burritos from a small white cart to blue alien children , when the burrito cart blew up in a cloud of smoke and fire .
he did nt see a thing .
the soldiers pant leg caught fire , soon the same thing happened to another guy near him .
the odd thing i noticed was that the tiger came over to me and i could feel his breath on my face .
brock took a step back and the guy with the gun aimed and i saw a curious thing .
but the thing that han and i noticed mostly was that one , who was at a computer , had his back turned so his tied hands were over the keys .
you know seen a dragonfly sir ; its the same thing .
the same thing happened to me my friend .
vile things were said to take place within the reach and the siren would have no part in it .
holstering the scanner , he raised a hand , about the only thing i have nt tried yet is his fingers lightly brushed the surface , and a three dimensional menu flared to life as he jumped back , touching it .
where did you see such a thing ?
i had an idea that it was close to the same thing as when i was two and they shoved that needle in my throat , but i had nt had any type of telekinesis happen since that day .
i was used to this kind of thing , but joey was not .
a thing passed between us in an instant ( that s the cool thing about telepathy , and the negative .
that connection thing happened suddenly and my mind flew open to her .
all this happened in a split second and so did the next thing .
it was becoming a common thing with them .
she smiled then , a wondrous , beautiful thing that i did nt want to end .
the last thing i remember was avril screaming in the distance .
no one saw a thing .
the only thing i failed to see was that andy was no where in the room .
that was the most beautiful thing i ve ever experienced .
she gave maria more fish and she ate every one , coming to the surface to click and whistle to us , the joy in marias heart a thing we could all see and feel .
maria splashed and whistled as i lowered him to her and when he was finally in the water , i witnessed the most amazing thing ever .
you were touching me , though , and it was the most awesome thing i had ever felt .
it had been the best night of his life and she the best thing that had ever happened to him .
i think i was waiting for some great thing to happen that would point me in the right direction .
it was a thing that i was nt sure i understood , but i tried to explain it to her the way i thought it happened .
they had seen the whole thing and he looked at me with a question in his eyes .
his aura had taken on a dejected look and i had a hard time associating him with last years happy - go - lucky kid who remarked on my ability to talk with animals as if it had been the most wondrous thing his life could deliver up .
sydney was traumatized by the whole thing and i did nt blame her .
even now , his manic state and mind was a physical thing he could nt see and only therapy and drugs could control .
she forgave you for the gambling thing .
the color that bloomed from within her as our passion consumed us was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen .
my usual saturday thing .
seth said to me , this running gag a thing we could nt seem to get enough of .
the purple man , and we had a running thing with him .
there s no such thing .
some sort of tourist thing , said hannah , you can see far away from there .
if the fellow is not so inclined , then the girls family can help the process along with a little thing we call a shotgun wedding , stated the old man .
- because of that same thing they laughed .
this all thing is like i was a main character in a movie , but this is the reality , and this talking makes me feel that this really happens because its like they made with me an interview again he was smiling .
that thing did nt dreve her into a frenzy either that most of the onlookers were lesbian .
they began a loosely talking about what a strange thing can be for laurence to wake up after twenty years , and they were giggling on it .
but , in the past twenty years , anything did nt used to interest her , only that thing that she was alive , she had her reminiscences what she could think about , even if these did nt use to make sense .
- i looked years younger when i was a teen too , maybe because that thing too that any years past , i used to behave at home like i would be in that age , sometimes maybe like i would be even younger - dina was working hard to overwork herself to answer longer , like when her last psychiatrist gave it her as a homework and i was so depressed in the past twenty years that i did nt used to do any physical work , i used to hardly clean the flat , i never left the house , i used to work only through the internet .
- i was watching it too because they advertised before it that there going to be a very important thing in connection with my dad .
and one of the most brutal thing is in this that she used our family name .
- and what s that other thing what was on tv ?
the very last thing she needed was to impale herself on shards of glass and bleed to death right when she finally had a will to live again .
` ` he still in a funk over the shooting thing ? ''
the last thing she remembered was sitting by coraline 's bed around dinnertime .
mother stayed silent as they unloaded the booty into the main house , leaving it stacked in the den for distribution first thing in the morning .
it was a shock , of course , but if there 's one thing we all know how to deal with , it 's death . ''
it was this sort of thing that had recently enticed the bureaucrats in their petty greed to ignore the plutocrats and begin rolling back some of the tight controls government had held for at least the past two generations .
dax hardly felt himself qualified to negotiate on behalf of the brotherhood even if such a thing was possible .
` ` father , all the time i was growing up , it was apollo this and apollo that , every second thing i heard about was some big heroic apollo exploit .
the last thing these people may want to find is a battlestar sitting on their front doorstep . ''
the men were screaming , scrambling , asking how such a thing could occur .
one thing led to another , we killed the reapers , and then embarked on this epic journey together .
so , we went outside , and on the ground ... well , actually , it was in the tree first , but there was this weird tree - man thing .
worst thing to drink if you are anxious .
they could not allow such a thing to happen .
but how much is this really going to prepare us for the real thing ?
that would be the worst thing to ever happen to me , but you would be way more uncomfortable saying it than i would be hearing it .
maybe it can even be a weekly thing , like on earth ?
she and nick are trying to work things out after the whole caspar thing .
and if there is one thing i know you both had to have seen , i protect what s in my blood .
when i walked out from behind the tree , i became aware of two things : one , the latter of those two options was correct , and two , that several children , including a few of pennys friends , were up on top of one of the buildings , huddled together and crying , as several of the infected tried to climb up the ladder to get them .
that was pretty much the worse thing to ever happen to me .
oh , what a terrible thing they re the worst the absolute worst he told me , i am so sorry that this happened to you .
they knew about the terrible thing that had happened to you , and yet when your brother died because you lost yourself in that terrible thing , they blamed you .
i am going to confide something in you that i have only ever confided in my husband : the same thing happened to me when i was young .
and when the worst of the worst , the absolutely most terrible thing happened , when i was nineteen ( violets age !
this whole thing isomer grand design , a higher power at work says mercedes .
that thing , i saw some conversation between him and three dudes in black in a warehouse over on port street .
he collapses as he looks with shock as the last thing he saw is satyrs rage .
* * * the following morning though there 's no such thing as a true morning on this world , of course i caught the local shuttle to sirocco .
everyone bends over backwards for you or your money which comes to the same thing .
we could have one of those short - burning things and after she had returned to her usual routine , she 'd take up with some high - income , tennis playing , go - getting executive type at her local country club .
there s such a thing as reckless driving , right ?
the thing is , its not just here , rev said , from the kitchen .
this was the kind of thing she was looking for .
` ` it 's this big swirly thing in space that destroys everything , '' lyssa deadpanned .
` ` then ... well , you know , the kidnapping thing , '' vel sighed .
this was the most ridiculous thing she had ever seen .
` ` and before you know it , the same damned thing was happening , '' she whispered , trying to swallow the lump in her throat .
chapter 19 if one more thing went wrong , no way would chloe be able to cope .
she beamed a smile at them that was the nicest thing chloe had seen in a long time .
we need to buy a pure blood sacrifice , billy said , as if it were an ordinary thing to order up .
next thing i knew , federal agents were banging on my door .
i told him you been hush - hush about the thing here .
they ca nt imagine such a thing .
in the other timeline , you stood on a street corner , talking to the police about the whole thing .
the same thing happened as before .
i thought it was a simple plan , but next thing i know , my boy returns with a concussion and a metal pipe in place of the bolt cutters i sent with him .
she watched me for a moment , grinning as if i were the best thing that had ever happened to her .
the important thing i remember is that i m doing more good here than anywhere else .
anyway , we had plenty of nuts and berries , and we were leaving camp first thing tomorrow .
then the most remarkable thing happened .
all of a sudden , the most amazing thing happened .
after they unhooked their cords and took up sentry positions around the first level , the tubby , sartorially - challenged zikalic did the weirdest thing .
vrax suddenly veered into a completely dark tunnel , a minute glowing light on its head the only thing julieth could see .
you need to control your emotions somehow , because if you are discovered here the same thing could happen , and it is possible that we will not be able to leave the temple in the same place we enter it .
they finally came to a river , which was the last thing they expected .
furthermore , i would consider it highly undesirable were such a thing to be possible , and presumably you would be of the same opinion . ''
or maybe she was just a little nervous , could be , sitting in a big car with a man you did n't know , he could turn off the autobahn at any time and take you down a lonely road to anywhere , and the best thing that could happen to you would still be very bad .
and i heard them discussing the meanings of life , and how faith was belief without proof , and the next thing i knew , along came a cow and flattened them all with her hoof .
the whole thing was like being wrapped snugly in a blanket and then lifted .
was it the same thing happening to the failing stormspheres now ?
` ` the gardeners were right about one thing , '' i said .
i heard an interesting thing the other day , hopper continued ; my sister , gailynn , is on the science review board with kelly .
the back left tire rolled when all the weight was placed on it , and that made the entire thing comical as the mtav momentarily ran down the mountain tip - toeing on one tire .
grunt , dirty work , hard labor , action , that sort of thing .
the last thing i remember was being in my car and being told by an old alien , you are now supreme .
the next thing i know , i m strapped down to this cold table surrounded by three ash gray aliens with dark eyes .
damndest thing i ve ever seen .
it was the most terrifying and horrifying thing he had ever experienced .
he cursed , slapping at his neck , then his eyes rolled up in his head , and that was the last thing he remembered before all went black .
as i started checking her , the thing i have never forgotten was the look she gave me as she calmly proclaimed , do n't let my baby die !
one thing we did n't expect was the personal hold baggage that we did n't get before launch .
because your scouts and surveillance did nt spot a damn thing .
thea attempted to cover her at least a little with her thick blanket , even though hail was the last thing she should be worrying about .
a terrible thing , no one to blame .
dead end of a circle by david james myhro copyright 2014 david james myhro smashwords edition chapter 1 i was introduced to the time machine that we 'd spent so much time developing and the only thing i could think about was that it should n't have been possible to exist .
and i 'll tell you , it was the strangest thing i 'd ever seen : it was jesus christ 's face painted in human waste .
chapter 31 of all the new ways of doing things , the most striking thing , other than some of the things that i ' ve already mentioned , was that the night had become day .
chapter 31 of all the new ways of doing things , the most striking thing , other than some of the things that i ' ve already mentioned , was that the night had become day .
and the pressure difference was just as much of a shock on the rest of my body as it was on my lungsi thought i felt my eyes bulging out of my head , but i knew that such a thing was impossible due to the structure of my body .
they also knew that they 'd get very little out of the experiment , even if it workedthe only thing their investments would buy them would be to see me vanish .
he said , looking at officer thompson , who had just noticed what was happening and was right in the middle of an effort to pretend he had n't seen a thing .
` ` is this vomiting thing normal ? ''
` ` the strangest thing .
` ` that slavery thing was unfortunate , '' said zachary , admitting his blunder .
the whole thing took around three or four seconds to be over and , at the same time the body evaporated , so did the gun , on the floor , where walt had dropped it as soon as sarah 's possible double had fallen .
the same thing happened to her after she ... '' ` ` died , '' walt said , feeling a strange urge to state the obvious , even if it bothered him to great extent .
the most troubling thing , in a wide ocean of troubling things that surrounded him , as wide as the ocean he could see from the window , was that he had spent his whole adult life , which now seemed to come to an end , not believing in an afterlife .
being with topher felt like the most natural thing in the world to her , but everyone and everything else resisted their union .
was nt the sort of thing i wanted to happen twice , so i got my air legs right quick after that .
we are those blessed by whatever quirk of nature permits such a thing , he said .
you need to plan in advance for this sort of thing .
next thing i knew , the brownie was on fire and in my lap .
i am not unused to this sort of thing happening to me , so i did my best to recover and get back to what i was doing .
there was one thing i did know .
i also had the whole thing recorded , which gave me the chance to look at him carefully during a replay .
the other thing that i found was some smooth lines on the wall in the storage room .
abby 's taco events were less about sitting down and eating and more a social food sharing thing that i had little interest in .
` ` did the same thing happen at the hospital ? ''
seeing the town felt like the best thing that had ever happened to me .
next thing you know , we were married and had a baby .
this school was the best thing that could have happened to any of us , hanks says as he leads us down another hallway .
banishment is the worst thing that could have happened .
i thought about how such a thing would probably never happen to me .
you re no outsider to me , but this is the kind of thing that if word got out , people would flock to you to see what their future is .
i think its the vilest thing to touch scarecrows hand .
one of the first things he noticed walking in to the meeting area was the pair of blue skin humans in white body armor .
the whole thing was surreal .
but we have nt seen a thing .
the next thing thetra heard was glass breaking , as he , therr , and ardk followed satym to the hallway , running as fast as their legs could handle .
then the most amazing thing that thetra had ever seen happened .
he puked first thing , then , after deciding to skip his first meal of the day , vomited again all over areks cloak .
no such thing as a real bath lately , but we make the effort with what we have on hand .
the perimeter of the entire place is surrounded by a virtually impenetrable barrier of the most unlikely thing school busesbig , old , yellow - ass school buses .
but there s one thing no one warned us about once we got inside .
the second thing was pointed out by lilly before i could even offer an answer .
there s a lot of planning to do if this thing is going to happen without us all getting hurt , or worse .
that would turn out to be the luckiest thing to happen to those marines all day .
these two shitbirds ai nt about to do a goddamn thing .
we need you to ensure the safety of kylee peel and dr . morofsky , because there is a chance they can stop this thing .
the more i hear about this thing , the more worried i m gettin .
ai nt right to prolong dis thing .
she recently learned her father not only helped to fuck up the entire planet , but also used her as a pawn in the entire thing .
i mean , we hardly even saw each other the entire time we were together , and now , knowing that my father more or less staged the entire thing i just do nt know .
one thing struck me instantly as i glanced into the distance up ahead .
the only thing i can figure is that they re runnin outta food and gettin desperate .
next thing i knew , seth was up on his feet .
best thing we ve seen in weeks .
seen the whole thing .
it all made sense except for one thing he said .
the last thing i was able to see before closing the curtain was the dead fighting each other over the limbs they had torn from his corpse as he was devoured .
i told em we d come by before the treadwell thing on the quad .
and the same thing happened in the mba class .
next thing i knew there were flashing lights all over the place .
whatever the excuse , clyde had the better of me in a split second and the next thing you know i was on the ground getting wailed on .
instead of terminating the greener team , i think we should let this thing play out , giles said , pointing at the word acknowledged .
personally , i thought the whole thing was some kind of scam , just a really good magic show .
were in a bit of a mess here and you re the one that caused the whole damn thing .
well now , this was possibly the best thing that had happened to her in monthsno years .
but the thing she did nt think she could stomach was sharing him .
the last thing that he remembered clearly was standing on top of the wall outside the city of jeffsotow , a long spear in his hands .
and that was the last thing he remembered .
the thing is that i ve just been quite busy , i suppose , and there was never really the time she was at court for two years .
but it was no light thing to accuse the emperors son of murder , so he kept it to himself .
that s the thing , said ezekiel .
gabriel should have realized that the holy men would be threatened by such a thing .
with dorina , the first thing to happen was that the volume of the sound around her slowed down to a crawl until she could no longer hear it .
a miraculous thing then happened : a line formed from the floor and led upward arcing above their heads and continuing down the other side .
it was just the kind of thing she was trying to avoid .
she wondered if the whole thing was a setup .
i asked her and she said she was aware of it , but she seems to think the whole thing was a coincidence .
there s no such thing as bad publicity .
the last thing i remember was riding my moped out near the ribbon and a car was coming from the other way .
i look out the window and it is bright white , and some shades of light brown , i can tell this is cloud , and whatever that spinning thing was , its gone .
` ` such a thing is unheard of !
but really though , if the overseers really are corrupt like he said they are then , when this is all over and they ' ve eliminated the organics , they 'll probably let him go first thing . ''
i ' m guessing this is a routine inspection sort of thing . ''
this is not an unusual thing , john said , turning to face clyde .
it was the strangest thing kaia had ever seen .
this is the strangest thing i ve ever seen .
he was watching the screens , memorizing every little thing that happened , hoping that the information would come in useful , and that he would nt end up sitting in this room forever feeling completely useless .
its this thing where people go from bar to bar i know what it is , hazel interrupted .
the last thing avon wanted was to have jeremy standing guard over her all night and in his ice uniform .
nothing new , this sort of thing happens all the time now .
it should nt just appear that they were prepared for this type of thing to happen .
that s a natural thing .
do you think that s going to be the craziest thing we see ?
one thing which is true about clatterford for sure is that he does nt hide from anyone .
i know they will question first if it was random , if i had planned this entire thing out ahead of time .
each seated man in shock at the mere thought of such a thing .
you know , you d have a zach ephron thing going if you d grow your hair out a little .
nate sat on the cot across from us , watching like the whole thing was scene from some tv medical drama , his face wet with tears .
the familiar logo was the most normal thing i d seen in forever .
i think blacked out because the next thing i remember i was way under water .
started thinking the whole thing might be some kind of trap or that you was running from them , bringing em right up here to us .
he could n't believe that shaw wanted to start the whole damn thing over again .
who knows , maybe he had , it would nt have been the strangest thing that i d seen .
` ` the same thing that happened on every mission . ''
the last thing i expected was for them to take me seriously .
a magic thing happened : the random arabesques aligned themselves into long linear strands inside the circle of the bracelet , redirecting the flow .
sister joseph did n't care about the splurge on resources , she liked to point out on occasion that josephine was the one good thing that happened to her since she had the misfortune to associate with their group of ne'er - do - wells and if everyone had to put a dent in their self indulgence to make her pet 's life tolerable she considered it a small price to pay .
she finally knows what it is to be human , but it might be the last thing she wants .
in his mind , brick had shoved the memories around until he remembered the most significant thing happening last .
even though my mom had nt run out on us by that point , she worked long hours and so did my dad , so every day after school i went to a local community center daycare , where my favorite thing to do was play with the legos .
the only thing i could think of was that someone had been around when it came out to do its work and they had hit his reset button , so i set the timer to go at midnight , hoping it would be late enough to avoid any human interference .
this kind of thing would nt happen in her lab at the mechanical science institute , but here she sat in her other office , the one provided by the university for the express purpose of keeping her innocent intro to botany students away from her unpredictable institute students .
can you tell me more about this thing you want ?
the weird thing , the amazing thing , was that it turned out the science fair fiasco was nt the most important thing to happen that day .
the weird thing , the amazing thing , was that it turned out the science fair fiasco was nt the most important thing to happen that day .
it goes into much detail about who experienced what , and when things took place , as well as the various projects and research people involved , but unfortunately , it only skims over some of the more important parts , such as what was revealed by higher beings to people when in these other dimensions or altered states .
and every single thing i saw seemed innocent , and wild .
the first thing we noticed was that they had begun to shift where they perched during the day .
the ironic thing is that the church does nt even do a great job anymore of taking care of peoples physical needs , things like food and shelter .
what , what could you possibly think is funny about such a horrible thing as that ?
it was the kind of thing you see in a movie , not actually experience .
it was always made out to be a great thing , their freedom being won , but had it been over exaggerated ?
the funny thing was i actually ended up kind of liking charles .
there is one final thing you must witness , the very center of time some believe it to be .
` ` first thing i see , i m gon na beat it to death .
he had thought that the sight of one of shitholes moons careening toward him would be the most terrifying thing he was going to see that day .
is this type of thing common you know , where someone leaves their estate to a complete stranger .
i write because its the only thing that makes me happy .
he knew the only thing to come from it was likely to be trouble .
that was probably the last thing those poor guys expected .
vanessa looked up and saw the same thing .
i just wanted a face to face kind of thing , you know ?
the scary thing is that the majority of these things have happened in the last few days .
now one country somewhere declaring war on another is one thing , but this many in such a short amount of time , and then all of these other accidents .
others were in states of shock as their clairvoyance showed them such horrible things that have since altered their minds and rendered them as vegetables .
the thing is , most people did n't realize this .
another race , the miku , of which your assassin is one , also see it as a holy thing that we are all destined to achieve .
to lose one 's homeland is one type of terrible thing .
genevieve had said that once a storm like that hit the city , no one would be able to see a thing on the streets .
that was the guy with the flopping thing going on .
the whole thing was caught on security camera .
it all resulted in the same thing .
the next thing i heard was abilene yelling out to the crowd , telling them to attack .
must have been a cultural thing .
the thing is , hope , you re not supposed to know it all yet .
the funny thing is , were all on the same side .
the glutamate analog had died down to near non - detectable concentrations ; maybe it was a seasonal thing .
jonze 's voice boomed again , seeing the same thing .
and to make sure you actually sleep , i am sending that horny boyfriend of yours off first thing to someplace safe to start talking to the plants . ''
aerlid thought he would have to explain the theory of queues to her while they were hereanother thing she had never come across .
at least one good thing happened during this time of not - celebration- their apartment now contained a second bed .
it was nt until the end of the week that the tension reached its peak , and the thing they d all been waiting for finally happened .
we saw this thing , it was like a play with jeitar and molozor except the people were really little and in this little square and they were nt coloured .
i guess this is why we train so hard , so we can protect each other from this sort of thing .
they escorted it to the camp outside the testing centre without incident and spent the next few weeks talking about it as it was the most exciting thing to happen on patrol since they d started .
the same thing happened .
whatever horrible thing it was , the gemeng was always responsible .
the tech said in a way that made it seem like the worst thing that had happened that day .
after though she had found herself bitterly , and against her will , noticing that sort of thing .
what was the procedure for this kind of thing ?
it was not even a day after adila arrived however that aerlid asked a curious thing of riley .
are they violent , refuse to work together , that sort of thing ?
it was a beautiful thing to witness .
if howard would nt see his star engineer anymore , it could only mean one thing .
you re afraid to go see the real god , if there is such a thing .
blue had seen that kind of thing before .
if they spotted her , the best thing that could happen was they d take a picture .
there s no such thing as sin .
now the same thing had happened to her , and pretty soon , in just about five hours , she was going to die .
the whole thing had been a set up .
the only thing we can , turn in the direction of our destination , i said .
the others noticed the same thing .
the thing was that under the crust of this planet toxic gas is created , it ends up building up and seeping out .
what i saw was the most abnormal thing in all that i have seen .
the only thing was daravitch , but i captured michael , he ca nt argue that i am not bad .
they blitz the sky so ca nt no one see a thing from up there .
only thing i hear five or six brindles running away , lansing said .
i tracked these brindles all afternoon the only thing i hear it was two , then three , lansing said .
one thing we are nt is appreciative .
woman dies outside your car , you sleep through the whole goddam thing .
if there s holy intervention , and i win this damn thing .
this was not a routine thing that had happened in the grid since the implementation of the pills .
there s only one thing that happens at the end of this road .
you re the best thing that s happened in my life since my father was taken from me , you and aaron both .
i just left my bed in the hospital ward this morning , then gathered information from lc darkmuck , then explained everything to my staff , then that whole thing with the armor , then sneaking into the palace , then explaining everything again to cap no wonder i m getting really tired now !
this is because of that whole naked thing i did to you , is nt it ?
i wonder if this kind of thing happens to him often .
i m not entirely certain i was actually awake through the whole thing .
the second thing i remember was when he finally stopped complaining .
are you sure that s the last thing you remember ?
it was the kind of thing you saw on the news all the time .
the last thing she saw was gray yelling frantically for her to hang on .
that s a horrible thing to think , man , i said .
the last thing i remember was you trying to grab my dick and then i started screaming .
was the last thing that guard heard before his chest met hollisters fist .
but it would hurt and if there 's one thing i hate its being hurt .
the last thing they remember was seeing a man fly and they would n't shut up about it .
the last thing i saw before i passed out was mrs . hecksford holding a big ass needle .
` ` the thing is , dollop , i ' ve been asked to scout out potential figureheads for the university ... ... '' the vice chancellor paused .
i ' ve come about the thing we were discussing . ''
as the thought storm continued to fall , and their ideology toured the electronic globe , various leaders spoke out in denial such a thing had ever occurred .
` ` are n't you supposed to be stopping this kind of thing from going on ? ''
she said it as if it were the most obvious and normal thing in the world .
so it had nt been a mistake , or a fluke , or a one time thing .
anime is one thing , kenji said , almost sadly .
i ' ve never heard of such thing . ''
this is the kind of thing that stokes nightmares . ''
he s the doctor who diagnosed my condition , and now he wants to me to go to montreal with him to run some tests , that kind of thing .
zara would say that the point of having power is to prevent those things from happening in the first place .
` ` yes , we ' ve been discussing this ai singularity extinction thing in my darpa meetings lately .
something is happening there and the same thing might happen here too .
the surprising thing is how they 're ignoring our presence .
gizmo was only sure of one thing .
` ` funny thing , that .
as each thing happened i felt it in the way that i always feel what 's happening with plants .
i missed him , missed his scowling presence , his dark eyes , that hair that never was out of place even first thing in the morning , missed the bulk of him in the room next to mine all night long .
smoke roiled around me and that was one thing the plants could n't help with .
the next thing i knew cullen 's arms were around me and i was once again wrapped in his warmth and he did n't let me pull away .
i tried by esp and voice , but did n't get a thing . ''
this thing is awkward .
i saw that thing from the other side .
lemmy said , ` ` i did find one interesting thing . ''
` ` that 's the only thing a dad should wish for his kid . ''
the last thing aki saw was vijera 's hair on fire and the suit melting and fusing to her skin .
the last thing he remembered seeing was the emperor coalescing into a purple blob inside his mind and then falling through the hole .
next thing you know , they ll be rolling out a delorean .
today , before i got to the game , i caught a little bit of this thing on the news .
with all the people who have come knocking on my door of late to check up on me , i ve been used to visitors , but you all are certainly the last thing i would have expected .
a couple of us can check out the station and ask around about the van thing , and the others can see if we can find the time place .
robbie and carson can hit up the police station on central and see if they can find out anything about the van thing .
only thing is , they have no idea who killed the guys in it .
but there was an odd thing .
i remember my first grade teacher was having us watch it because it was first thing in the morning out west .
does this sort of thing happen often ?
on the contrary , getting lost in time was the best thing that ever happened to me , for more than a few reasons .
you could tell them about the convenience store thing last night and hope they can catch him for that , robbie suggests .
i do nt know , i say , i know we can definitely use the same objects but i still do nt know about the at the same time thing .
time travel is a regular thing there ?
the thing is , i do nt know how bad this is , but i know some stuff got changed .
but maybe just that knowledge that you failed would be enough to dissuade you from going back to try to save them in the first place , causing the very thing to happen that you were hoping to avoid .
and i wo nt say that s an easy choice to make , but ill tell you this , dying ai nt the worst thing that can happen to a man .
dying ai nt the worse thing that can happen to a man .
truthfully those tremors were the best thing that ever happened to me , i must have been the only person in the entire city so grateful for that day .
i went to the bedroom cautiously , i knew how she used to love jumping out of little corners and crevasses scaring the life out of me , to her it was the funniest thing on earth when i screamed like a girl .
but my heart said different , it is the most difficult thing in the army to leave a man behind and i guess you should be grateful those habits followed me back home .
smith laughed while remembering the actions of that day , we found out the gas was a little irritating at times , but not harmful to us , or so we thought , sure the gas had no effect on us , but that was not the case for the people up top.those exposed to the gas started changing in the strangest of ways , weird things started happening to them , but the strangest thing throughout the entire event was that it only happened to a select few.some survivors were completely okay once exposed to the gas , while others however .
smith laughed while remembering the actions of that day , we found out the gas was a little irritating at times , but not harmful to us , or so we thought , sure the gas had no effect on us , but that was not the case for the people up top.those exposed to the gas started changing in the strangest of ways , weird things started happening to them , but the strangest thing throughout the entire event was that it only happened to a select few.some survivors were completely okay once exposed to the gas , while others however .
i remember looking into its soulless eyes , the only thing i saw was my petrified face staring right back at me .
she had the whole thing planned from the beginning of the conversation .
i stand , feeling really sucky that i have survived the one - way outer space intergalactic trip from planet earth while my ship mates are dead , having fun in the afterlife , if ya believe in that kind of thing .
i nod , seeing the same thing both naked eyes and clothed t - sight .
when i walked to the front door , the first thing i noticed was footprints in the snow .
the only bad thing today , we came across a dead man laying crumpled by the side of the road .
a weird thing did happen today .
it was just a sort of an emergency thing , mike said defensively .
the guy that started the whole thing is dead .
candy bars , canned stuff , things that would be great if we were going to stay here - well , maybe not the candy bars , but they have their attraction - sneakers instead of boots , that sort of thing .
yes , they could be anywhere , but that s where the whole thing happened .
the only thing is , she has this dream .
another thing happened .
there is this funny thing though .
how had such a thing come to happen ?
when i was in the process of publishing this book , it was the first thing i had published in more than thirty years , someone said , you know , publishing has changed .
i was gittin ' a bit itchy about thing 's myself , '' ira replied .
there 's a couple of others who swear the same sort of thing happened to people they knew .
` ` the thing was , '' he had said , ` ` we off - loaded right into their trucks , and off they went right back into the city with it .
* it 's no small thing to be a child of spearheart .
fin spoke to a few who had seen the same thing .
it is a strange thing to see .
as it turns out the computer recorded the whole thing .
i knew one thing though .
the last thing i could remember was the little yellow light that flashed on the radio to say it was n't receiving a signal .
that was the last thing i remembered .
i have to stop thinking about how every single thing that happens will affect me .
there will be no such thing as too many weapons when that time comes .
there s this magical thing that happens to a woman once a month , honour .
the next thing i know , my face is pressed into the road , my arm throbbing violently .
the next thing that happens makes no sense .
is there a guide book for this kind of thing ?
but i saw it , i watched it take over her , and it was the worst thing to happen to me since the fall .
anything else can happen and i wo nt care , but i wo nt let a single thing happen to you .
it was a beautiful thing to see , but she was told she should not have felt a thing .
one thing he did nt realize was that she did n't know either and would n't .
ashley collapsed from the tree to the cold ground , and the last thing she saw through her blurred eyesight were red - blazing eyes looking away from her .
trying his best to be silent , while his heart hammered away nervously , he turned into the room and stared open mouthed as his eyes met the most impossible thing he had ever witnessed .
that was the coolest thing i ve ever seen !
the only thing that saved them was that a large chunk of metal big enough to block the gap they were heading towards fell faster than they did .
i do not believe such a thing to be possible .
i had no way of knowing such a thing like this would happen .
there were many bad things happening to her all in a short span of time , but this was one thing she would rather die than allow to happen .
there were many bad things happening to her all in a short span of time , but this was one thing she would rather die than allow to happen .
i feel this is where i m supposed to be , and perhaps the thing i m looking for is here , she said , handing the lighter back to adam and closing his fingers over it .
what the foam had been protecting , however , was the most extraordinary thing adam had ever seen .
alice was still looking into the chest in awe , which was a notable thing considering how difficult it could be to genuinely impress her .
adam wondered if there was some sort of thing happening between the two scientists , the way he seemed to pounce after that friendly introduction .
i live with the guy , i expect this kind of thing , he shrugged .
cool your jets hombre , we had contingency plan for just such a thing .
fortunately , he had thought ahead just in case such a thing would happen , and pulled out a piece of charcoal and some rubbing paper .
you should ensure that such a thing does not happen .
the eclipse door thing ?
this thing , this impossible thing , was the catalyst for something , he just knew it .
the door opened and a cry from my mother is the last thing i remember before waking on the couch .
the problem was that of all they had done wrong the one thing that they did right was to make him immortal .
the most horrific thing was not the bombs but what humanity devolved into during the chaos of the bombs , what almost happened to me while the planet went insane .
the first thing i notice is that he is missing an arm .
it never bothered me as much as it did you though , the killing was just a thing , just something we did .
mr . beutcher kept me safe , and i got to see the whole thing .
the very thing we were discussing had happened .
so i pop up over the tanks hull , business as usual and next thing i know , i m panned out on the ground , and there s this little disk thing halfway buried in my chest plate .
sure , that whole thing with the swords is just one of damoclus crackpot ideas , centurion echla scoffed .
how you think we performed , problems with equipment , anyone feeling a bit out of it , how well you think our strategies worked all that kind of thing .
the merchant gave tyruc a beseeching look , as if to suggest that if he did nt get the dress for this poor girl , it would be the most cruel thing in the world .
elshan whispered in awe , and that was awe according to the dictionary , for elshan was in reverential fear and wonder of such a thing .
he heads straight for the toilets , that is where he has changed into the disguise undoubtedly and its no very strange thing for a cleaner to lock up the toilets .
well , elshan , tyruc addressed him pontifically , surely the longer you look , the more likely you ll find the thing you re looking for is that not true ?
he did nt want an esston sneaking up on him , but then if he went back down , the same thing could happen ... slick pushed through into the hallway , trembling .
magen could not but feel that all this was very odd , the entire thing .
-those are more historical names , in space there is no such thing as night or day .
at this the raven smiled , and it was a beautiful thing to behold .
over and over she kept on hearing i m sorry maam , we do nt do that sort of thing here .
she told herself all over again that this was not the type of thing she could force to happen .
the next thing her mother knew , she jumped out from behind the door .
we ve got dinner downstairs and a big meet and greet thing going on .
listen , first thing tomorrow we need to get you fitted for your ball girl uniform .
but well be back to get you first thing tomorrow morning .
it happened again one morning when i hugged you , first thing in the morning .
that was the only other thing in her life that she could compare to these past four christmas celebrations at waldheim .
first thing tomorrow .
the center would never allow a thing like that to happen .
but the most uncanny thing of all is , she reminds me so much of natalie !
that s probably the weirdest thing ever .
i ve had the same thing happen to me the first week or two i ve first lived here .
the same thing happens and a window pops up .
once his feet touch the earths ground , i brace myself for whatever sudden thing that could happen next .
he quickly realised he was witnessing something that would stay with him for a lifetime ; he did n't want to miss a thing .
either debris or the distorting effect of watching such a thing through a window , he surmised .
if she organised this whole thing for stuart , then i know nothing for sure anymore , nate said .
he planned the whole thing so he could take control of the company .
this was the last thing he wanted to see .
for all he knew they had nt seen a thing .
after a round of hits that barely did a thing , nate quickly realised he 'd already used most of his energy .
he s the one thing , the one piece of the puzzle , i ve been waiting for .
that s the damn weirdest thing i ever saw .
` ` i heard him come in through the door , but the next thing i knew , i was unconscious , '' bail winced as he touched his forehead that was covered in liquistitches .
i had some sort of skin thing on my feet and the ishi in phoyara could nt do a thing about it .
ill have you know she invited me to come along to a thing she s going to in a couple days .
but what if the whole thing was vibrant and brightthen it would nt be a sunrise at all , would it ?
for a while he stared out through the dirty window , hoping for chteaux and vineyards but the flat rainy landscape went on repeating things he had n't seen in the photo albums on france : repetitive miners ' villages , slag - heaps and sugar - beet fields .
the only faintly interesting thing paul saw was a giant trompe - loeil painting on a blind faade representing a tropical garden .
it was an accident , i saw the whole thing .
it was no accident , i saw the whole thing .
not flaming guns starring tom mix on top of tony ( his horse ) , but the insane live thing that preceded the movie , far worse than jittery poodles and inexpertly juggled billiard balls .
every june 21 , his birthday , it was the same thing .
funny thing , the tv had nt been touched .
she would tell the head alpha , tharek , everything she had found out about the humans - perhaps then they would excuse her shame , forgive her for the terrible , unmentionable thing .
i had heard stories about her , or knew of her , or some sort of thing like that .
the sensation of having fled for my life seemed familiar to me - as though i had done this sort of thing before - but i had no clue as to when or why .
who had ever heard of such a thing ?
funny thing i did n't notice them doing that .
and he s extremely confused about the ... pattern of streets in london , maam - he seems to have the places where things are , completely confused in his mind .
she had never heard of such a thing .
pirates , navy , walk the plank , leave em behind on a desert island , all that sort of thing .
what a strange , terrible thing , to be confronted with the shadow of ones own follies and shortfallings , in the mirror image , as it were .
its a much better thing to celebrate than some four thousand year old anode 's birthday . '
it 's the grossest thing i ' ve ever seen .
' it 's probably the best thing that ever happened to it ; a new start , a new opportunity .
' it was the most horrible thing i ' ve ever seen . '
it was the scariest thing i had ever experienced .
the thing is nobody who s gone to denver has ever come back .
probably the best thing that ever happened to him .
and do n't you forgetyour dear auntie jennifer set this whole thing up , and coached you , got it ?
when is this bald bird thing happening , marsha ?
my father recently rebuilt me , after merging me with mr . leong 's preserved frontal lobes i knew it was wrong , very wrong , but father would n't listen we had a fight the last thing that i remember is that i i committed suicide .
there is no such thing as day and night here along the inner rim , only the eternal brilliance of the great ojo .
it was susan 's idea , and willy is pretty cool about the whole thing .
the most tragic thing about the potato famine is that it did n't quite finish off your ugly , nasty , inbred , ever - breeding race !
there is another thing the public never knew for years : except for the firing pins , fat man was fully armed before it was loaded on the b-29 .
the thing he and every other operator working for the cias most off the grid office had been waiting for had finally happened , at the worst possible moment .
the only strange thing he noted was that it was shaking violently .
i think it was the last thing i saw before my memories were lost .
but the only thing happening on the dark screen for the moment is my own white - stubbled bummish face , the contemporary one .
but had nt the thing been practically by mutual consent ?
am i confusing this with a later thing ?
but i did nt make the full connection , did nt imagine that what he wanted to show me now , after all that time , could be the same thing as then .
i saw it in those theological terms even though i knew that she saw that long - ago thing as a fault of omission rather than some unforgivable sin of commission .
he would glance down at those dials every five seconds , waiting for the really important thing to happen .
i waited for the thing to begin .
instead of summoning up a mysterious wounded expression and answering as i always did in such circumstances , i ca nt , simply ca nt , please do nt ask me why , i felt safe enough to reply that i d have loved to read his poems but was leaving the next day , first thing in the morning .
i was leaving first thing tomorrow morning .
it was already first thing in the morning .
i thought you said you had forgotten because of that big thing .
i know all about that big thing .
as i pulled away i said : ill send it to you first thing , also a letter to explain things a little more in detail .
but it was nt a thing to say to anyone .
i did nt recognize you until after that awful , awful thing i did .
the first thing i saw when i returned was her rigid back and then the blue box before her , opened for the first time since it had been in my possession .
what i want you to do first thing tomorrow is take your hi - fi back .
such a horrible thing ?
were leaving tomorrow , first thing in the morning .
but it was beth who left first thing in the morning , by herself .
what a thing to wish on your own flesh and blood .
now he remembers her big thing .
you know running nose , sneezing , that kind of thing . ''
such a thing did not just appear unexpectedly .
keala said that men often suffered from such an affliction , but he never thought to see such a thing .
she threw the second one , and the same thing happened .
light is n't an instantaneous thing - it has to travel . ''
it was the most painful and emotionally devastating thing that he and his wife had ever gone through .
the worst thing that happened to him was the loss of his brother in an alcohol related chopper crash .
the next thing i knew , the bull scooped me up with his horns and tossed me into the air .
come on , there must have been some warning signs that this sort of thing could happen ?
the funny thing is , that as i sit here watching everyone gathered around the campfire , i ve come to realize that we do nt need that much to be happy .
i suppose in larger cities it is n't such a big deal , but in jacento , having such a thing take place ranks high .
with meat and water and the tricks i d learned from my grandfather , i did nt starve to deathbut it was a close thing for a while , ill say that much .
the only bad thing is that its very tiring on your wrist because you have to keep turning the handle to put pressure on the liquidotherwise it takes forever for the water to trickle through .
sure , i like being alone and i m not entirely positive travelling with annabel - echo is a good thing , but at the very least its an interesting thing , an unusual thing , a thing i ve never experienced , and there s something to be said about that .
sure , i like being alone and i m not entirely positive travelling with annabel - echo is a good thing , but at the very least its an interesting thing , an unusual thing , a thing i ve never experienced , and there s something to be said about that .
i inhale the sedative , the world fades and the next thing i know i m waking up , confused .
we ve made a friendthree friends , actuallyand that s a rare thing in the wastes .
the next thing i know , i m looking up from a cot beneath a green tent , and echo is sitting beside me .
all four of us are staring at her , probably picturing the same thing .
the same thing happens now .
the ironic thing is that the town actually can be something of what vermillion promised .
i m not sure how therapeutic it is , but at least its a separating event , a thing that happened after the terrible , and this way their internal clocks can start ticking forward again .
sometimes i look at her and wonder if shell only be a memory this time next year ; if this is the thing that will kill her , coming like clockwork , the days ticking away .
it is something we strive for , the one thing that we want to happen before we die .
and the ironic thing is , is that i will be the one judging you and proclaiming you guilty .
think about the worst thing that could happen .
one more small thought slips into her brain before she dismisses it as a stupid thing to doubt .
guid thing ah dinnae throw the wee things ou , murmured duke as the doors of the truck slammed shut and the engine gurgled to a restart .
and as he walked out the front door , his last thought his last hope was that some impalpable thing had imparted itself to those walls .
as he began to read again , the first thing he noticed is that the handwriting of the entry had altered .
that 's the last thing i remember before waking up here . ''
killing was not an easy thing to deal with psychologically .
i was n't focused on the wind , but it was the kind of thing that grabs your attention away from whatever else you re focused on at the time .
but the thing you need to realize is that your enemy will be returning fire , '' i said .
that was the last thing that i remembered before everything went black .
all the worlds smartest people were there for some kind of convention when this whole thing kicked off .
yes , i believe that is the enemy home base , ship said , confirming the worst thing david could imagine .
oh , about four hours ago , david said , as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
it took a lot for an attack plan to be completely abandoned , and since most attacks were based on events taking place that would launch the attack there would have to be a lot things going wrong for those to change .
its a rare thing these days for us to find unexpected guests .
this lady knows a good thing when she sees it .
he could laugh in the face of anything except losing his king again , which was the only thing he feared .
the last thing i remember , she started , is getting ready to go out .
the blood of a saint is a rare thing to be seen by an outsider , said the stranger .
not seeing the whole thing like he did with brute , he thankfully felt only a trivial lightheadedness .
none were rusty , which meant the materials they were made of were proofed against such a thing ; too bad the spigots turn wheel was overlooked in that regard .
funny thing is we would have done not a thing differently if we knew a little more .
heck , the only thing tryst kept secret in this missive was what they re doing after they met up .
asked dastou , hoping to get more information before whatever horrible thing he felt deep in his soul was about to happen .
the last thing the little boy heard was a man still calling out his name , but now the voice was far away .
besides , providing you keep your lips sealed , what s the worst thing that could happen at his party where well be surrounded by hundreds of other partygoers ?
now , where s ghoad so i can tell her about the super fantastic mission that will be the greatest thing ever ?
he thought of the deep scars on his back and the remnants of what used to be his nipples he knew death was not the worst thing that could happen to a person .
remember the bad guy in the movie thing tonight ?
no , the bad guy in the horror movie thing ya watched with mel ?
the year 2012 is the latest pseudo - scientific thing my students have latched onto .
` ` the most amazing thing i ' ve ever seen , '' burt said .
this kind of thing happens all the time .
quinn felt nothing but disgust about the whole thing , especially his part in it .
i ve only seen shristi on the screen on her wedding day , and it was the most beautiful thing i d ever seen .
then the whole thing had been ruined by alaric 's arrival !
with my luck that s exactly the kind of thing that can happen !
criminals , prostitutes , drug addicts , that sort of thing .
the crimson tones took on a far more sinister appearance , a reminder of those horrendous things which had taken place deep within the bowels of the theatre .
but the worst thing , the most unforgettable thing was the head .
the next thing he knew it was morning .
` ` rata ; first thing tomorrow as early as possible , i want you to walk to shanesville and find out who .
they would never leave such a thing to chance back in crawfordton .
this may have seemed an odd thing to notice , but it suddenly became much more pertinent the moment she saw us .
` ` the clapping thing . ''
heres the thing i may have lied a little .
but there s one thing you did nt account for , mr . jakes .
she buried her face in my jacket and whimpered , the kind of thing a child does after they ve been crying for a long time and there is nt much steam left .
arianne had heard stories about this kind of thing .
a week later , the same thing happened , and the week after that .
a paparazzi brain imager ( of which there were many embedded on the hub ) would have seen a remarkable thing happen inside ariannes skull .
is nt that a weird thing to think at a time like that ?
funny thing was that the broken arm and leg were agony , but my right leg and hand did n't hurt at all .
that thing in the philippines , the fight in syria , the nuke in australia , all of that .
but his parents in the himalaya must see the whole thing from x,0000 ft or whatever .
when we went through that gateway thing she expanded and jumped out ! ''
it was a rotten , rotten , rotten , rotten thing to do to your own little sister !
what a disgusting thing to say about your own wonderful caring sister !
prior to this no creature had ever even imagined such a thing .
the last thing he remembered was trying to throw the amulet to mary and deo .
spitting , cursing and fighting seemed to be the only thing that pleased them in that state .
even after witnessing the same thing twenty - seven more times , no lealian came forward .
kaelyn , you saw the same thing i did before we were hit .
` ` i see , well the thing is i am set to leave for my home , tokyo2 this very morning .
my addware busted and i ca n't see a thing .
the last thing dade saw was the girl from the baths in call - center .
no really , they talk about it all the time in fiction but its a exceptionally rare thing indeed .
fights and gunshots were a constant thing and one could nt travel more than a city block without coming across some form of violence .
no , the interesting thing is , the virus is living in you in an entirely symbiotic way .
janice had no idea but she was sure of one thing .
you mean , end of days , rapture type of thing ?
i shall leave first thing in the morning after extending my thanks to the brigadier .
here 's the amazing thing .
so if i can keep it up , this thing might go on for years !
the other thing i tried to hammer home was the rome curled up in the fetal position .
when aason gets to hades , the first thing he finds out is that there are predators lurking in the woods , ready to eat him .
all this aside , the most surprising thing is that the overmind of deucado also fell in love with her .
the only thing i 'll mention is you get to meet lupe 's ` ` cousin '' who is also a starship named fury .
so i backed off , gave the stareaters a purpose and let spiral arm galaxies just be a natural thing .
how would such a thing be possible ?
would n't it be cool if they finally get to deucado and the first thing that happens is that the vuduri there want to shoot them down ?
the last thing he expected was people standing around him as he awakened .
i must get ready for the next thing to come .
the same thing has happened here , rome said .
dbs publishing llc copyright 2015 by dbs publishing llc smashwords edition the pulse orgins a world without power when the power went out at the north highlands hydroelectric plant in columbus , georgia , the oddest thing for todd broderick was that he instinctively thought to call georgia power , the very power company he worked for .
` ` how could such a thing happen ?
do we believe that such a thing is beyond the realm of possibility ? ''
the first thing james noticed was that the lights were out all over .
they would have the protocols in place to deal with such a thing .
` ` same thing happened with me . ''
like you said , they have protocols for this sort of thing . ''
jeff struggled to keep his voice low ; the last thing he d expected from dexter were second thoughts .
how d you do that thing , jeff said , where you grabbed his gun that fast ?
did you see this thing about the wilton robbery ?
or , she told herself , perhaps she was simply dreaming the whole thing .
ill accept the blame for the lantern thing , but i have no idea what we could ve changed that got him married .
what you ve accomplished is the most amazing thing i can even comprehend .
next thing i know , i m wearing this flowery peasant blouse , jimmy hendrix is playing the star spangled banner on his guitar , and i m a believer .
though once he said it , the first thing i thought was that it would ve been a cool thing to do .
people are coming for this thing in new york tomorrow .
one thing leads to another , he said .
if you go to the anual convention of conspiracy theories ( yes , there is such a thing , and no , the entrance is not forbidden for the evil masterminds ) you will listen to all the believers from all over the world gathered around sharing their newly found conspiracies and their proofs ( or lack of ) .
the ` ` thing '' that you ` ` discovered '' was there all along !
the ship toilet was broken and the alien bunny lands in this guy 's toilet and one thing leads to another and the bunny asks the guy if he wants to be in a sapiens zoo '' ` ` wait !
but most of all , the strangest thing is , that the bob mirror image has one interesting feature : it has a bunny face .
favorite me at smashwords at : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / frummery baby jesus it was the kind of thing that happens in ghettoes .
that s what everybody said ; that and this kind of thing just does nt happen here .
funny thing , that ; i never ran into anything .
if there s one thing you know for certain , its that davidge wo nt be saving you .
mary slept through the whole damn thing .
` ` and the snipe thing was n't a total hoax either .
the several tribal children tending the fires hardly paid any attention to the spectacle at all , as if this sort of thing happened every day .
` ` hen , '' the inductees again promised , this being pretty much the other thing that the inductees expected .
to ed it felt wonderful to be still alive and out of the cold , and he would love to talk about the astonishing thing that had just happened , but right now had other immediate needs .
all your tests came back above average and the ladies here like you but there is one thing that i ca n't overlook . ''
they sprayed some kind of experimental foam on me ; the whole thing was weird ...
oh yea , now my home was foreclosed on and i ' ve been sleeping in a sleeping bag in front of the fireplace ... and there 's that whole flying thing ... '' mr . kotopopuls said , ` ` it sounds like you have survived quite a lot .
julia remained silent though she still did n't know who she was that such a thing , as sapen would want her more than a dragon like light reader .
it was a natural thing , as if i had done it countless times .
we were invisible during the whole thing so they could nt have seen us being chased around .
a strange thing happened what happened ?
dad responded first , what an incredible thing .
and so , driven to ensure that such a thing never came to pass again , the spectrums states had together taken an extreme step they had decided to condemn and hunt down all mystics .
she was making sure nobody spotted what she was doing , for the presence of a mystic among them would be the last thing the people would welcome .
ion realised that he , too , had never heard of such a thing before .
and one thing you better understand is that you do nt have a choice .
a stunned silence enveloped the entire restaurant , with some of the waiters dropping the dishes they were carrying the revelation of two mystics in the middle of armono was the last thing anyone in this room had dared imagine .
vonayz would deliver him to the mafia the first thing tomorrow .
and no one in existence would have ever dreamt of imagining such a thing .
the one thing carmen had said that piqued aleeshas interest was when she showed her wristwatch to them at dinner .
almost , until i realized just how responsible he was for every terrible thing that had happened to me .
it is just a terrible thing that happened .
i hate that i always think about the bigger meaning of these things , when i just want to look at this as the worst thing that has ever happened , and that its unique to us , but its not .
she was preparing for brynna to explode on me , and i was dreading the same thing .
i know , but the whole thing does nt make sense , so maybe someone has a temperature - controlled greenhouse somewhere .
the funny thing is that i have never met anyone besides unallied mongrels who do nt get so utterly inconsolable when they are branded with the inversion .
believe me , i was scared shitless for the whole first year , thinking you might have been a little bit wrong about whether you could or could nt get pregnant , and one day , you were going to tell me your monthly thing had stopped , and i would have cried out of sheer terror , and you probably would have punched me , and it would have been an epic disaster , but i was always prepared to be a dad .
` ` well there 's a couple of others who swear the same sort of thing happened to people they knew .
when i walked to the front door the first thing i noticed was footprints in the snow .
and , he chuckled a little , the sad thing is a lot of it still is junk .
but this thing is nationwide , so no .
we might find , once we get to rochester that this thing is confined to the u.s .. maybe canada and mexico , parts of south america , but it does n't seem it could have affected europe ... australia .
maybe the fire had started inside , or the extreme heat from the burning police precinct had caused it to burst into flame , spontaneous combustion , but it was a strange thing to watch .
the last thing she remembered was smoothing the hair out of his eyes and then she spiraled away into a series of dreams .
it 's a thing men do .
my body surges with heat at the sound of her voice first thing in the morning .
the last thing he heard was aithnea screaming out his name .
the thing that s so surprising is how well caspin is hiding his trail .
the last thing he remembered was xantar grinning broadly .
the main thing is that such a thing is possible in principle .
the worst thing of all is when two sets of calculations are both true , but lead to mutually exclusive results .
but you know , the funny thing was that this water vehicle had been tied up on the flushing water of the main sewerdunno what you call such things .
it was best thing i 'd seen in ages and i ' m not excluding julianna from that .
when i tried to open the door , the first thing i noticed was how hard it was .
i have seen a lot of horrible and gruesome things during my long time in the army , and the one thing that comes back to haunt me every time i see people fighting for survival .
the first thing i saw was jareds wide eyes , and then i saw bailey .
august 23 i ushered the homeless down over to the village the first thing in the morning .
august 28 i was at the hotel the first thing in the morning , accompanied by annie , billy and mark .
see , the thing you need to know , bailey , is that laura and the girls have this thing .
` ` you have n't torn anything in your knee when you fell , tiberius , but it was a near thing .
` ` it sounds like the entire thing was an accident . ''
` ` it was horrible , do n't get me wrong , but i guess i did get one thing out of the hells with the sisterhood .
the fairy was the worst thing ever to happen to the blue phoenix and second to the worst in his entire life !
` ` same thing that 's going to happen to the rest of us if we do n't get up in the air , '' coldhand said .
` ` they did n't find gavriel or xartasia , or even that altar thing coldhand described .
the only thing he was n't sure of was if jones had been successful .
` ` progress , '' i repeated , ` ` that 's a funny thing to call getting our asses handed to us by a tribe that still makes stone weapons . ''
anyway , the only thing he had the chance to record was this massive digital globe .
luckily , the explorer had the good sense to video log the entire thing , and when he was found three days later with his head lobbed off , we were able to recover the recording . ''
the second thing i noticed was the searing pain in my leg and shoulder .
the first thing i noticed was that collins had returned .
dangling from the crushed pedestal was the last thing i expected to see in a building built by any of the tribeswires .
` ` what the hell , '' she said , ` ` the thing shocked me . ''
the first thing i noticed was the bodies .
he did , however , know one other thing about mimi : shed been an academy recruit a few years ago .
or maybe that would nt have done a thing .
xxix donovan 147 years before the fall ` ` it was a remarkable thing , doctor , '' caesar said .
` ` first thing in the morning , please see to it that their construction continues at a greater pace . ''
` ` operation preserve might be the thing to save us all . ''
beside the chancellor sat holleder eremis , self - proclaimed genius and the only positive thing to come out of the south halls .
ill make sure that the weapons we need are left up front so we can grab them first thing tomorrow morning .
mickey replied , that is the sexiest thing i think i ve ever seen .
i think that s the most awesome thing i have ever seen , rob said .
jo thought that was the sweetest thing she had ever seen .
i talked to security when the red lights started flashing , and they confirmed a nuclear strike was imminent , but then that weird thing happened , and i have nt been able to get through to them since .
and yet , the only major thing that happened , is that the corridor that leads to the rest of area 19 , seems to have disappeared and been replaced by a glassine , possible melted , rock .
if you go to the top of the staircase to the first floor , you ll see the exact same thing .
i ve seen the same kind of thing among rutting males during deer season .
mike continued , yeah , pretty funny , but it highlights one thing .
the last thing she remembered was him letting go of her hands , followed by a flash .
the one thing he did not expect was what he saw in the upper - left corner of his field of vision .
he probably imagined the whole thing . ''
oh no , we have measures in place to protect us from this sort of thing . ''
she kept her eyes on the ancients ; she could n't afford to miss a single thing .
the last thing she remembered was falling out of codon 's ship but it did n't feel like she was lying on sand .
the sounds of the words and her mothers touch made that weird thing that happened in her head sometimes happen again .
the quick whirly thing in his head happened like it always did when he touched someone skin to skin .
it was just a feeling of real likely , sort of likely , outside chancethat sort of thing .
this had never struck her as odd before , probably because the whole thing was so odd to begin with .
not expecting to find someone like him , eventually she would have surmised that she had imagined the whole thing .
as the threesome made their way around the shrubbery , he whispered softly to ariel , the last thing i was trying to say was that we ve all got your back at this blue lagoon spa thing coming up in in iceland .
luckily her family seemed to be all out of trouble at the moment , no small thing given their variety of talents and penchant for taking on causes .
teddie had confessed to ariel that if she never had another out - of - body experience it would be too soon , but had nt teddie stayed in touch with those who did that kind of thing regularly ?
cillian asked me to check in every so often after the whole thing in iceland , so i started out making sure that you were okay once a day .
i knowyouve told me how doing that kind of thing starts another whole timeline that might be worse and all that shit , but then at least one timeline is better off , right ?
you know , put you and baldur together and one thing happens .
i still ca nt see a damn thing here , but i ve got a pretty good idea of every fooking thing that s likely to happen tomorrow and just how likely it is .
i still ca nt see a damn thing here , but i ve got a pretty good idea of every fooking thing that s likely to happen tomorrow and just how likely it is .
such is a strange thing .
when lakota threw her hands up and praised the lord towards the end of their session , xander saw the most amazing thing in the spirit realm .
on katan , there is no such thing as casual or premarital sex .
after all , this man is the best thing that s happened to me since jesus , [ i ] afua said with love shining brightly in her eyes .
if afuas blood was nt pooled upon the blue and white kitchen tiles and blotted upon badrus brown shirt , jay would have thought he imagined the whole thing .
one thing is nt even .
i mean time traveling to mozarts day is one thing .
the last thing they saw was an overdressed man shouting and waving his rapier as he splattered down the muddy street after his ride home .
the last thing he heard or almost heard was herr schack mouthing the words : no , they did not .
but the most shocking thing of all was how tall they all were .
yeah , but the thing is , being told something or just thinking about it does nt have the same impact as experiencing it yourself or seeing it with your own eyes .
butterflies in your stomach , holding hands , sexual acts , that sort of thing .
its probably the worst thing that happened to mankind since we fell out of the trees , and that s because of its lack of oversight .
finally higgs nudged huxley and said , sensei , that is the freakiest thing i ve ever come across .
not a common thing for anyone to be taller than me .
only good thing that happened there ?
miracle , phht , ai nt no such thing , i say .
everyone looks sideways at me , not having ever seen such a thing .
she s real nervous about this whole thing .
mobs in the street , burned - out houses , that kind of thing .
the thing is , i never really gave marriage any thought before this .
check out http : //www.wedonotsowonfriday.com/ ` ` in this dark world where he now dwelt , ugly things and surprising things and once in a long while a tiny wondrous thing spilled out at him constantly ; he could count on nothing . ''
but in this dark world where he now dwelt , ugly things and surprising things and once in a long while a tiny wondrous thing spilled out at him constantly ; he could count on nothing .
for bob arctor , for example , it had become murky now : during this afternoon along the san diego freeway , while he and his two buddies had been within foot - seconds of being wiped out , the authorities , on his behalf , had been - he hoped - properly bugging their house , and if this had been done , then possibly he would be safe from now on from the kind of thing that had happened today .
next thing , barris will be reasoning that i lured everyone out of the house deliberately to permit secret intruders to accomplish their thing here .
the next thing he knew , he was in the safe apartment 's bathroom with a dixie cup of water , rinsing out his mouth , by himself , where he could think .
` ` well , '' fred said , ` ` funny thing happened to me on the way to the grave . ''
` ` the way to cool the locksmith check , '' it told him , ` ` is to go down there to harbor tomorrow first thing very early and redeem the check and get it back .
i went through the same thing , about a year and a half ago .
` ` that 's the last thing it is .
the expression on his face showed that he , too , without even knowing her , understood what an awful thing it was , what an awful moment it was for all of them .
` ` it 's the same thing , '' thugg said .
` ` what a hell of a thing , '' he said , and heard his voice wobble with grief .
` ` what an odd thing to say , '' mary said .
from the galley , she heard a cleanup woman say , ` ` strangest damn thing i ever saw . ''
outside the cubicle , richman said , ` ` is n't this the thing you said could n't happen ?
the ir teams expected to find event cascades : one thing leading to another , and then another .
` ` you ' ve seen this jaa thing ? ''
` ` well , there 's one funny thing , yes , '' ron said .
it 's the last thing in the sequence that we confirm .
the woman was speaking smoothly , calmly , as if it was the most normal thing in the world for an engine to blow up .
theremon could n't imagine what terrible thing could have happened to him , there in the seclusion and stillness of the observatory , to make such a wreck out of him in so short a time .
what a delightful thing a tano special was !
darkness is the most unnatural thing in the world .
but the funniest thing was- waiter !
the really comical thing .
but if dovim alone were in the sky , and something happened , some special thing , some truly uncommon thing , to blot out what little light it provided- thilanda appeared at his shoulder and said sourly , ` ` all right , beenay , i ' ve got your solar projections all set up .
but if dovim alone were in the sky , and something happened , some special thing , some truly uncommon thing , to blot out what little light it provided- thilanda appeared at his shoulder and said sourly , ` ` all right , beenay , i ' ve got your solar projections all set up .
and when the real thing comes , your brain is going to be presented with a phenomenon outside its limits of comprehension .
heat is n't the only thing burning wood gives off , you know .
three daybreak the first thing of which theremon became aware , after a long period of being aware of nothing at all , was that something huge and yellow was hanging over him in the sky .
and then i got under the desk and stayed there through the whole thing . ''
that was the most tragic single thing of all , beenay thought : the destruction of athor 's will to live , the great astronomer 's hopeless surrender in the face of this holocaust of civilization .
that was the last thing that beenay remembered with any degree of confidence : looking back at the main observatory room as athor disappeared beneath a swarm of rioters , then turning , darting through a side door , scrambling down the fire escape , out the back way into the parking lot- where the stars were waiting for him in all their terrible majesty .
the thing to pray for was that they would all kill each other off within the first few days , leaving the world safe for the less predatory .
that was perhaps the most incongruous thing of all , sheerin carrying a hatchet .
through the whole long episode of the coming of the darkness , from the first moment that he had heard from beenay and athor that such a thing was likely , sheerin had bounced around from one end of the psychological spectrum to the other , from pessimism to optimism and back again , from hope to despair to hope .
and in any case very likely you had to be initiated into the art by the old man of the tribe when you were a boy , or some such thing , or it would n't work .
it 's forbidden to possess matches , or mechanical lighters , or needleguns , or anything else capable of- '' ` ` the same thing 's going on on the outskirts of the city , '' siferra said .
it had seemed the most natural thing in the world for them to be together .
` ` one thing has nothing to do with another .
i ' ve been laughing at that sort of thing all my life .
` ` it was a remarkable thing . ''
it is not an easy thing for someone two centuries old to change .
it 's the most exciting thing that could possibly have happened ! ''
the last thing i saw there was the candle flame reflected in shaman 's eyes , two little flames dwindling as i stumbled out into the desert , out into stars and the cries of cicadas and dead souls , which might have been my tongue , my voice , my limbs , or my self , since shaman had pricked a hole in my mind .
the whole thing took maybe two seconds , during which i glimpsed gypsy 's real body .
it 's the sort of thing a daddy ought to miss .
raych had never heard of such a thing , but he knew better than to suppose he had a grasp of even a tiny fraction of the infinite subtleties of galactic societies , even of trantorian societies .
it 's the best thing that 's ever happened .
the first thing he heard was swenson 's voice coming over the radio in this almost unrecognizable rage : ` ` ... straight to the commissioner .
it 's the most ridiculous thing i ever heard of . ''
retaliation against the mnemonic service would not be too pretty a thing to expect .
he said , ` ` i never heard of such a thing . ''
grant ran the whole thing ; flicked benes out of their hands like a seed out of a watermelon . ''
` ` waiting for the same thing ? ''
i give you my word , grant , i sat here and honestly thought there was n't a thing that happened that could possibly point in my direction specifically .
look , we ' ve had this sort of thing since the invention of the atomic bomb .
next thing you know they ' ve done so little on their proper problem , they ca n't justify for a project renewal .
` ` funny thing , now .
will you see one thing you have n't seen ?
it was just the sort of gross thing your minds are capable of . ''
what a thing to exist !
one unexpected thing had already happened .
there 's such a thing as overdoing it .
` ` well , '' said trask , trying to be reasonable , ` ` the last line put every thing that preceded in a new light .
through the years , i ' ve found out one thing .
' oh , it 's an ancient thing .
it 's the saddest thing you can imagine , children who are born addicted .
yes , at my age , and he 's the most wonderful thing that ever happened in my life , bar none .
again , there 's such a thing as being too close . ''
` ` i 'll have everything you 'll need sent over first thing tomorrow .
after that there were personnel changes at the highest levels of the corporation and one thing led to another and next thing i knew they were turning to me and saying , ' you have to be c.e.o . , jerry , you 're the only one who can steady the place down , ' and i was fool enough to believe them , and then , well - well- '' he grinned .
it was a concept diat had burst into her mind as suddenly and unexpectedly as the name ` ` timmie '' itself had - an impulse , a spontaneous thing .
- but i could n't dream of such a thing . ''
mannheim by himself is n't so bad - just one of those fuzzy - brained socially conscious guys , full of all sorts of lofty ideals , who goes running around all over the place determined to make the world a better place according to his own lights ; that sort of thing .
eskimos , walrus - hunting , igloos , that sort of thing .
but this sort of thing was nothing new to her , and not all that intimidating .
andrew thought that it was strange that humans would choose the day of coming forth from the womb as the significant thing to commemorate .
there was only one thing wrong with it , which was that little miss seemed bitterly envious of miss 's lovely ivorite pendant .
no , mr . smythe , the thing is that quite unexpectedly he 's gone in for woodworking .
but though san francisco was only a short journey south of the wild strip of coast where the martins lived , a visit from john feingold to the martin house was a relatively unusual thing .
i found ndr-113 an unpleasant thing to call him , and so i gave him the name of ' andrew . '
` ` i ' m not even sure that such a thing would be possible .
it was a wonderful thing to contemplate .
and one other thing .
` ` dying is a natural thing for humans , '' andrew said .
it was a fairly common thing among human beings , he had heard .
it is a common thing among you rationals , though i must admit no one improved in such great jumps as you did .
he had never heard of such a thing .
there are particular days for this sort of thing .
selene said , ` ` this sort of thing does happen sometime .
` ` perhaps , but the funny thing is that shapirov seems to have dropped out of the news recently . ''
` ` i was an undergraduate then , making the discovery that young women were not entirely unapproachable , which is by no means an unimportant thing to find out .
i ' m hoping that in their position , the first thing they 'll remember is that they 're in love .
there is , however , one thing ican tell you that will at least in part explain my being here .
the damnable thing is that i ca n't imagine what point he was trying to lead us away from .
it was a terrible thing for a policeman to wish for a new crime to be committed , but there were precious few other ways he could get a break on this case .
you are ordered to meet with the governor tomorrow morning , first thing , seven hours from now . ''
they had taught themselves it was not a proper thing to see , let alone do .
the only thing even remotely out of the ordinary seemed to be that new labels reading handle with care positronic brains had been hurriedly slapped over the old ones , as if someone were trying to cover up what the old labels had said .
i awoke two days ago in the leving robotics laboratories , and the first thing i saw was a woman i have since identified as fredda leving , unconscious on the floor in front of me , a pool of blood under her head . ''
some unpleasant disturbance would upset the victim , throw off the ritual , and the victim would decide never to let any such thing happen again .
i find that if i just stand and look at a room for a minute , i remember where the thing i ' m looking for is .
the first thing that i noticed was that the door to my lab was closed , though i normally leave it open .
i must admit that he was not the first thing i thought of .
if such a thing is possible , phrost added to himself .
` ` but there 's another odd feature - it makes it look very much like the whole thing was planned . ` `
welding , laser cutting , that sort of thing .
it seemed to involve an attempt to reshape the world into a more convenient state by a sheer act of stubborn will , generally by insisting that some bad thing had never happened .
it would follow that he knew nothing about grieg 's death , having slept through the whole thing , and his behavior was consistent with that state of affairs .
my guess is that the assassins are completely unaware of tierlaw 's existence , and he is telling the precise truth : he had nothing to do with it , and he slept through the whole thing .
` ` maybe the thing it was supposed to divert attention from was n't the governor 's death at all .
first thing i thought of . ` `
i do n't think any such thing happened , but we 're trying to examine all the possibilities . ''
i checked all the old news reports and talked to friends , that sort of thing .
you wander out into the hallway , and pretend you 're a house guest who 's slept through the whole thing .
but there was such a thing as overdoing it .
as justen stared at the images , there was one thing he became more and more sure about .
the infuriating thing was that the man was right .
` ` the first thing was that lentrall saw how close the comet was going to come to inferno .
a human would have professed shock and refused to believe such a thing could be .
it was a rare thing for the city of hades , and always a most welcome one .
it was no easy thing to talk to the planetary leader when he was at his lowest ebb .
the last thing he saw as his head hit the pillow was kaelor leaning over him , tucking the sheets up around him .
however , one thing he did know to something like a certainty .
it would be edited down , with a snippet presented as if it were the whole thing .
` ` how can we stop this thing from happening ? ''
` ` they know where the comet is , and they 're going to go for it , and drop it right down on top of their own damn planet , and trust that every little thing will go right , so they do n't get everyone killed .
had the governor thought it would be some sort of reward - rather than a torment - for davlo to see the thing he had dreamed of taking place ?
` ` another voice joined in , and another , and another , until the entire room full of people who had made this thing happen were shouting out the numbers in unison .
the image of kaelor , kaelor at his death , kaelor dying to prevent this thing flashed through his mind .
cinta doubted it , but such a thing was possible .
but there was one thing devray would be willing to bet on .
all of it done very precisely , very neatly , one thing after the other .
` ` the thing we thought we knew , '' said fredda , standing in front of the twin hemispheres that held dum and dee .
` ` but i saw the photo images from the crime scene , and one thing i can tell you - whoever it was , they did n't like robots . ''
baley shrugged and said in a manner stiffer than he intended or felt , ` ` it 's a thing we 're all living through . ''
what with one thing or another i was n't able to replace them till this morning .
jehoshaphat , commissioner , a thing like this would blow new york off the face of the planet if it really happened . ''
there a unique thing happens every evening .
baley shrugged and said dourly , ` ` we ca n't go through this sort of thing every day . ''
` ` but you would n't say it was a very likely thing for a human being to do ? ''
` ` someone 's got to stop this sort of thing .
` ` let 's find out what the r. sammy thing is all about . ''
but she saw that hyperwave thing , too , you know , i and she knows gladia 's on aurora . ''
- could such a thing happen spontaneously ? ''
it is extremely unlikely - but if i did not do it , then that is the only thing that can have happened . ''
` ` but look here , dr . fastolfe , even if you were to prove conclusively that a spontaneous mental freeze - out could take place in robots generally , that would not be the same as proving that such a thing happened to jander in particular at this particular time . ''
` ` in time , as on solaria , ectogenesis will be the thing , so that fertilization and fetal development will take place in genotaria and sex will be left to itself as a form of social interaction and play that has no more to do with love than space - polo does .
on aurora , there 's no such thing , mr . baley .
no no , the unnatural thing is that i refused my own daughter . ''
of its own accord , it was taking the events - little aspects he had not noted - putting them together - one thing adding to another - clicking into place - forming a web of fabric .
i think that this sort of thing is not uncommon . ''
` ` just the same , '' said baley thoughtfully , ` ` one thing puzzles me . ''
tell them that earthpeople are swarming over new worlds and will preempt the galaxy and they will howl for earth 's destruction before such a thing can happen . ''
something wonderful happened between us , but there are other wonderful things that will happen to you , too many of them , of all kinds , but not the same wonderful thing .
something wonderful happened between us , but there are other wonderful things that will happen to you , too many of them , of all kinds , but not the same wonderful thing .
` ` i have never heard of such a thing . ''
this sort of thing is common in the imperial sector and a few other highly developed regions .
one thing follows from another .
the only thing is that no one can work it out properly .
it was the sort of thing clowzia had told seldon existed on upperside .
` ` not really , but if that 's the one thing they 're proud of , they should be willing to talk about it and once i get them into a talking mood then , by exerting all my charm , i may get them to talk about their legends too .
i presume you have resorts on helicon , beaches , that sort of thing ? ''
tisalver said , ` ` what my wife means is that an urchin from billibotton - at least , judging by his appearance - wishes to see you and we are not accustomed to that sort of thing in this neighborhood .
there is only one thing i could possibly talk about at the convention - and i ca n't talk about it .
if there is one thing that psychohistory tells me is inevitable , it is tax overgrowth . ''
it 's the very thing you ' ve been predicting for so long that 's stopping you at last .
would you care to lay a wager on such a thing happening by coincidence ? ''
` ` never heard of such a thing , janov .
- but the whole thing starts at the tourist center . ''
i never heard of such a thing . ''
pelorat did and then said , ` ` but i never felt a thing . ''
a fine thing it would be to have one syllable .
and now a strange thing happened .
` ` the same thing that would happen to me , i guess . ''
the only thing that had come close to this was when she thought i was involved in a string of supernatural killings .
but there 's a time and a place to enjoy that kind of thing , and for me in front of a bunch of people and cameras was not it .
he snarled a string of curses as he fought , and the sound of his voice changed as well - again , a subtle thing .
it must have taken longer than it seemed , because the next thing i knew , inari pressed herself to me .
and then the damnedest thing happened .
that whole kiss - of - death thing in the godfather !
` ` what about that pocketful - of - sunshine thing you told me about ?
you put two quarters in , push the right button , and the curse comes flying out , courtesy of some psychotic otherworldly force that enjoys that kind of thing .
` ` i ' ve seen that sort of thing .
` ` and this thing with kincaid . ''
the damnedest thing was that there was n't much i could do about it .
had she broken her chant , shouted a warning to the bodyguard , or moved outside the circle it would have disrupted the ritual - and that kind of thing can draw some awfully lethal feedback for showing disrespect to whatever power is behind the ritual .
the second thing i remember happened as i staggered toward the exit with thomas and murphy .
the last thing i remember was dropping to the ground on the grass outside the cave , holding thomas .
if i had n't been on thomas 's groovy pain drugs , i may have started feeling bitter about the whole thing with my hand .
hell of a thing . ''
but it was a pretty close thing . ''
but it 's not a big deal , just a totally random thing - two objects lining up .
` ` do you really think that whole thing was just an eclipse or whatever ?
and then the biggest surprise of all : finding out that the whole thing had n't been a dream , but an entire new reality opening up .
he still seemed shaky , as if it had been a close thing tonight .
are you sure she - ` ` 11 11:13 a.m. goodbye , bixby ` ` so the weirdest thing happened yesterday . ''
just two weeks ago the translator who had made the whole thing possible had been close to death .
` ` well , the weird thing is what happens at midnight , halloween , if you switch from the old system to the new .
` ` it 's one thing that spooks live in the secret hour , but human beings walking around while the rest of us are frozen ? ''
then the most astonishing thing - jessica saw his eyes flash violet , though the dark moon had long set .
jessica was n't sure if she 'd really seen him change so completely or if the whole thing had been a massive psych - out .
like finding a way to stop this thing .
so now dess could see the whole thing in three dimensions .
suddenly dess knew he 'd planned the whole thing to work this way - dess too tired from getting up so early to resist melissa touching her .
mouse did n't rise , and his growl was not the savage thing i had heard once or twice before - but it was definitely a sound of polite warning .
` ` the red court 's war with the white council must have been the best thing to happen to the fellowship in ages . ''
` ` that building thing . ''
a couple of them saw me and hurried toward me , beginning to ask me questions , thrust microphones toward me , that sort of thing .
as i stepped across the threshold , it spun around ( completely ignoring the fact that it was neither meant to spin nor mounted on any kind of mechanism that would make such a thing possible ) and revealed , in firelight and shadow , an intruder and my cat .
marcone 's smile was a wintry thing .
donar vadderung sat with his chin propped on the heel of his hand , squinting at a holographic computer display , and the first thing my instincts did was warn me that he was very , very dangerous .
what happened with the big thing ? ''
hair , blood , and nail clippings are the usual thing .
it 's some kind of mayan thing , an ik - something - or - other . ''
i guess from the outside it must have looked like one of those kung fu - type double fist strikes , though the only thing my actual fists were doing was collecting a new round of bruises and little scars .
` ` the same thing would happen , '' bob said .
a direct promise from one of the sidhe is a rare thing .
it was a vividly recurring dream , every sense attuned to the immediacy of this thing occurring in her mind .
* * * the subsequent confrontation with odrade , caught by the comeyes , had been a beautiful thing to watch .
what a powerful thing that was in the memory of secret israel .
` ` let me tell you a thing about the bene gesserit , '' he said .
i had never felt such a thing before .
this prowling was a thing she often did these days after the more strenuous of her morning lessons with a reverend mother teacher .
a bene gesserit would never miss such a thing . ''
walking behind bellonda , odrade thought about the places i will never go , the things i will never see except as a reflection in the life of another .
the most astonishing thing to odrade whenever she saw one of these functional constructions was that someone had taken a great deal of care in planning it .
when he returned to his examination of the scene , he saw another disturbing thing , a basic oddity his eyes had tried to report .
we recognized in you a thing we had long awaited .
i thought you should know about this thing of jacurutu , however , and came immediately . ''
somehow that had been the most frightening thing of all : to find that the gift carried no threat .
it was a thing of forbidden magic which touched a cord of revulsion in stilgar .
this thing he 'd experienced came very close to the visionary power which paul had known .
he could only think on a thing he had noticed recently , that tyekanik no longer called her ` ` my princess . ''
but the peculiarity of this thing was that he saw it as a vision of a vision .
they told of a disquieting thing : the persistence of a cultural remnant from the most ancient fremen times - ` ` the water of conception . ''
the passing of the desert was the passing of something precious to humans and he could not describe this thing , no more than he could describe what had happened to the lady jessica .
silence hung between ghanima and alia , an almost palpable thing which alerted the bene gesserit training in irulan .
now he waited for something to happen , sensing that any occurrence would be a first - and - only thing .
listeners always assumed that shuloch was a myth , a place for interesting things to happen and only for the sake of the story .
some still believed muad'dib had done it , but ... how could a thing such as this be judged ?
but paul atreides had passed from the universe of reality into the alam al - mythal while still alive , fleeing from this thing which his son had dared .
` ` you think i ' ve not seen a thing similar to what you choose ? ''
the most exciting thing that had happened in years was the hay truck losing its load on the petaluma road and smashing in alise hatfield 's station wagon with her and her three kids inside .
` ` because it eats everything anybody gives it , '' he said , feeling embarrassed , as if caught in an immodest or unmasculine thing .
and then , lying by myself alone in the dark , empty house , hearing the refrigerator in the kitchen turn on occasionally , and the wall thermostats open and shut , i felt one thing .
` ` this is just a ritual ; you get up there and chant the proper formula and then you get the thing you want - a divorce decree .
how could a thing like this happen ?
this is the most awful thing that ever happened to me , he thought .
he sat watching the people go by , wondering how a thing of this sort could have come about .
looking back on it , the thing that really gets me is that i had sold my interest in the house for next to nothing .
what a thing to realize .
travis had said that the blue contract was ` ` the biggest thing we 'll see in the next ten years .
such a thing had never been reported in the wild , but then no one had ever witnessed the introduction of a new animal into a troop .
it was simply a thing that happened .
this is the most incredible thing ever .
i think my eyes are playing tricks , but when i blink and see the same thing , i realize i ' m not dreaming .
at one time i would have been embarrassed as hell by this kind of thing , and probably sneaking covert glances .
` ` that it was a lot of fun , you 'll always treasure it , but that it was a onetime thing and that you hope he grows up to find a nice girl or be president or something . ''
` ` funny thing is , trading insults with an egotistical super zombie just is n't my idea of a good time , '' i said .
` ` ... damnedest thing , '' the old security chief was saying .
gangbangers , that kind of thing .
` ` corpsetaker sounded all hot and bothered about this darkhallow thing you guys have planned . ''
butters missed the whole thing .
` ` it 's okay , '' i said , and tried to look like i did n't think it was just about the nicest thing ever for an aching and tired body .
the closest thing to it i 'd had of late had been the advances of a neophyte succubus - and that contact had been anything but loving .
the whole thing had happened so fast .
the last thing i heard was the snapping of bone .
next thing i know you 'll be forming a fight club .
that said , the entire thing was nothing but a side effect of the magical forces now at work over the city .
one other thing i 'd learned .
` ` he was n't a thing , harry , '' michael said .
` ` the shocking thing is that you fell for it , '' the woman said .
` ` i ' ve never heard that there was such a thing . ''
silence fell , and the only thing i could hear was my own ragged breathing and the roaring of my own pulse in my ears .
next thing you know , you 'll be wandering around saying , ' woahse - bud . ' ''
was this strange pulse a thing for which the brains were unprepared ?
but why did they accept it when the thing really was n't that obvious ?
` ` and here 's another thing : it produced the right answer at the translator .
remembering that dream , prudence looked at bickel and understood the thing he had probably seen from the beginning .
` ` the strangest thing , '' prudence said .
just that one thing , pete sands reflected .
they 're going to be hatched at god 's own mountain , where the younguns will see him first thing they make their way out . ''
it would have been so much more joyous a thing had he not appeared to me and done the things that he did .
the only strange thing was that becker had never heard of the organization .
the oddest thing of all was that tankado seemed to understand ; it was all part of the intelligence game .
i saw the whole thing from downstairs !
but it was not half as chilling as the next thing commander strathmore saw .
` ` how could we miss such a thing ? ''
his daughter did this kind of thing several times a day .
` ` hell of a thing , '' kahn said .
` ` she should file first thing tomorrow morning . ''
here it was my first day in this new job , i was under so much pressure , i was trying to do a good job and this ... this thing had happened that ruined our relationship and was going to cause a lot of trouble for everybody in the company .
my first impulse was to see if we could forget the whole thing .
and bulletproof betty is on the phone , running the whole thing .
right after this thing happened on monday night , nobody blew the whistle .
but the thing is , nobody can make the world be the way they want it to be all the time .
whenever this sort of thing happened , she 'd sigh , as if she was obliged to put up with his excessive sensitivity .
` ` this whole thing was garvin 's idea .
but he stayed where he was , because something was happening some peculiar thing involving hoppy harrington ; he could not draw his attention away from it , try as he might .
he did not have to think ; he knew , and he ran out of the store onto the street , he ran onto the empty sidewalk and stood , and the group of people at the tv set , seeing him and the repairman running , began to run , too , in different directions , some of them across the street , out into traffic , some of them in circles , some of them away in a straight line , as if each of them saw something different , as if it was not the same thing happening to any two of them .
i saw the whole thing happen ; i could n't go get him or nothing .
how can a thing like this be ?
` ` did you take her to a dance or some such thing ? ''
` ` it 'd not be a thing for the emperor to discover , '' edric said , smiling .
it was a thing he did n't like doing with chani .
` ` that 's a bene gesserit thing , i 'd say .
he knew with terrifying certainty that if he tried to break out of the enclosing pattern here , it 'd become a thing of terrible violence .
my steps fit into it so precisely that i fear most of all i will grow bored reliving the thing so exactly . ''
one thing is the occasion of another thing , but there 's no cause ... no effect .
one thing is the occasion of another thing , but there 's no cause ... no effect .
` ` it is a natural thing to fear for your safety , '' the ghola said .
but now i observed this thing : with the passing of the days , the warriors of buliwyf ceased to laugh , and fell into an ill humor , more each day .
now i saw this thing happen : a strong warrior , seated at a table near the door , behind buliwyf , rose with speed , plucked up a spear , and charged at the back of buliwyf .
herger said this also : that the appearance of great age among the dwarves was a true thing , and that a dwarf lived beyond the span of any ordinary man .
all these things took place , and i saw them with my own eyes .
herger said that no northman knew this thing , but that it was said among them that she was old , older than the old crone they call the angel of death ; and also that she was frightful to look upon ; and also that she wore snakes upon her head as a wreath ; and also , too , that she was strong beyond all accounting .
the shaod was a thing that happened to other people - distant people .
as she waited , one thing struck her immediately .
` ` princes ca n't do that sort of thing .
and the whole thing fades away before i ' m done . ''
still , she could tell one thing .
` ` it would n't be the first time such a thing has happened , '' kiin said .
` ` the most beautiful thing , my friend .
` ` the sad thing is she probably did , '' lukel said with a sigh .
he realized one thing immediately : that dilaf could n't be allowed to murder this elantrian in public .
a mass of moaning wretches is one thing , a legion of unkillable monstrosities is another . ''
it was possible that dilaf would remember such a thing from his childhood , but how would he have known about arelon conversion rates ?
raoden had been perplexed at first , but galladon had explained that such a thing was n't uncommon .
` ` if a bad thing can happen to us , it will .
at that moment , sarene knew that this man was the most horrifying thing she would ever see .
but the whole thing had been so sudden : the explosive , unexpected sunrise of a universe .
` ` the only thing that got me back to sanity was that i loved jack more than mickey quinn .
sometimes i swear we were n't constructed to go through such a thing ; it 's too much -- your body damn near self - destructs with all that heaving and surging .
` ` the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to me , '' mary anne said , ` ` was one time with my mother .
inquisitor : what was this peculiar thing which only he saw in our future ?
to be surprised , to have a new thing occur , that is what i desire most . ''
moneo knew this kind of thing well .
he noted then a thing he had not observed earlier , a thing revealed by the disarray which some of the people had not yet repaired .
he noted then a thing he had not observed earlier , a thing revealed by the disarray which some of the people had not yet repaired .
without asking if it suited him , idaho had been quartered with her , inmeir acting as though this were an accepted thing .
leto had said it but the words were a meaningless noise compared to the thing seen and felt in this great hall .
` ` you saw a thing which this- ' she gestured at his long , ribbed body= ` ` prevents . ''
i will tell you then about the thing which i prevent . ''
` ` i have not heard of this thing , lord . ''
we will have learned that a thing which can happen on one planet can happen on any planet . ''
he had seen the action of many polarities - the thing made known by its opposite .
it was a thing repeated so many times that it had become deeply familiar to leto .
you glimpse a thing ` ` destined to occur . ''
what a marvelous thing to observe the explosive growth of awareness , he thought .
she spoke with venomous elation : ` ` but i saw another thing !
it was like the thing which had happened in the night while he prepared himself mentally for this climb .
` ` perchance to dream and that sort of thing . ''
` ` and the most terrible thing of all , '' his mother said .
` ` a thing the bene gesserit always avoids , '' he said .
he had seen himself in many faces , too , and recalled the thing old patrin had mentioned so many times .
` ` the oddest thing of all , '' taraza said , sinking into tune with this mood she had created , ` ` is that the scientists of ix can not see how much their own beliefs dominate their universe . ''
` ` an unexpected thing , of course . ''
he spoke quickly : ` ` if such a thing were discovered , a gammu native might know about it . ''
reverend mothers always noted that sort of thing .
so taraza had known this thing .
it was the very sort of thing waff had heard often in this tongue .
he found presently that he could anticipate the thing .
` ` a mentat thing , '' teg lied .
all of the smyths ' experiments , findings , data - every little thing they did in their lab each and every day - it was all being monitored by the hystorians .
dak did n't know which was cooler : the idea that such a thing was possible , or the fact that his parents might have been the ones to figure it out .
so he braced himself and waited for the next terrible thing to happen .
the speaking part 's a little tricky ; it takes some practice to know how slowly to speak and when to pause , that sort of thing .
that kind of thing has happened before . ''
this epa thing is coming at just the wrong time . ''
` ` physics has had great success at describing certain kinds of behavior : planets in orbit , spacecraft going to the moon , pendulums and springs and rolling balls , that sort of thing .
wu found it offensive to think that anyone would believe him capable of contributing to a system where such a thing could happen .
` ` well , mandelbrot found a remarkable thing with his geometric tools .
` ` the thing is ... '' the guard hesitated .
` ` you think this is the first time such a thing has happened ?
bad thing is , he wo n't be solo .
` ` it 's the best thing that 's happened to me all month .
like caillen , she did n't keep track of that sort of thing either .
` ` yeah , it 's the most screwed - up thing you ' ve ever seen .
sad thing is , it 's not the poor i ' m judging like they do , it 's them . ''
` ` so what 's the worst thing that 's happened to you ? ''
` ` so what 's the worst thing that ever happened to you ? ''
` ` sad thing , dagan , i actually believe that . ''
if he died right now , the only thing his mother would miss was having him cover for her .
the last thing he 'd anticipated was his own allies assaulting him .
the last thing he heard before the drug knocked him out was nykyrian 's angry order for the rest of the sentella members .
` ` i ' m on semester break right now , '' lise continued , ` ` so i 'll come see you first thing in the morning .
the only thing to live for now was the day that syn healed him enough that he could exact the revenge he 'd sworn himself to .
worst thing would be that darling killed her .
one thing that he did vaguely recall was maris holding and rocking him ... at least he thought he might remember it .
i had no idea the sick bastard was recording the whole thing .
the only thing i regret was that you had to hear them insult you . ''
` ` the best thing that could happen for this empire would be a gas leak in the palace that took all of them out at once . ''
the only thing giran was ashamed of was that after having held darling 's head down and rubbing his nose in the past , he now had to belly crawl to him to get his son released .
` ` the really strange thing is , i think there might be some kind of cipher to it .
he gives us weather forecasts , that sort of thing . ''
first thing we get there . ''
` ` sorry to hear about the loss of your husband ; it 's a terrible thing , something striking like that , without any warning .
` ` some darn fish thing . ''
what a thing to happen !
he 's heard stories about this sort of thing happening in the olden days , but in his lifetime the power underground never fails .
the same thing happened to us .
but then mark saw the worst thing of all .
the next thing that happened was so quick and shocking that it made him stumble , almost fall down .
pain lanced through his skull , and a sudden wave of exhaustion washed over him , a heavy , dragging thing that was like a two - ton blanket draped over his shoulders .
the thruster was so close now , just below and to his left , its roar the loudest thing mark had ever heard .
thomas had n't noticed the lack of windows until that moment , though it should ' ve been the most obvious thing , considering the chaos of their own dorm room .
whatever horror that storm had been , whatever quirks in the climate of the earth could cause such a thing , it really did seem to be gone for now .
he spoke only a few words , but they were so absurd and out of place that it just made the whole thing that much more horrifying .
chapter 34 the next thirty seconds were a horrible , horrible thing for thomas .
the first thing he realized was that brenda no longer held his hand .
but for some reason the whole gun - and - rusty - bullet thing was n't part of the ... normal tests .
an awful , awful thing .
i do n't have any shuck thing to live for anyway . ''
and it seems like we all went through pretty much the same thing inside the maze .
the first thing we were supposed to do was that weird thing where you and teresa spoke in that building on the south side of the city .
and then , the worst thing yetshe smiled .
the anger in his voice startled thomas , and he had to wonder what awful thing newt had been through during phase three .
thomas was sickened by the whole thing .
next thing i know , teresa and a bunch of your hooligan friends come running in here like the world 's about to end , hauling old tony along to fly a berg .
even if that was the only thing that had to happen to find the cure , i 'd still be against it . ''
` ` first off , you 're going to tell us every little thing that 's happened since you got shipped out of wicked till you ended up sitting right where you 're sitting . ''
even the remote possibility of such a thing filled him with hope .
he quickly looked away - that was the last thing he wanted to see .
` ` that might ' ve been the creepiest thing yet . ''
thomas watched where he walked - the last thing he wanted was to step on some crank and get bitten in the leg .
if lawrence and his people had known who you were , they would ' ve brought you here first thing .
people getting in position , planting , that sort of thing . ''
school on monday was the most agonizing thing michael had ever sat through , but by that evening he 'd reconnected with his friends and they decided to begin their investigation the next afternoon .
michael tried to focus to get a count of how many creatures there were , but an odd thing happened - the yellow eyes vanished when michael looked directly at them .
floating in a dark void where the only thing that existed in the great abyss of the killsim was that deep ache .
he looked down at his own and saw the same thing .
it was the coldest thing michael had ever felt in his life .
` ` dying is my new least favorite thing . ''
his body was n't used to such a thing .
michael turned to see the same thing happening to the massive trees in the forest , their trunks already whittled down to half , disappearing by the second .
the boy needed no explanation ; the only thing grandpa and his friends out here in the country feared more than sudden freezes was fire .
it ai n't like forgetting things ; that 'd be one thing .
` ` i ' ve never heard of such a thing , '' whitey said , thumbing through the pages .
watching the whole thing play out .
some congenital thing ? ''
he was off drugs , he had a new job , he 'd applied to go back to school in the fall ... he was getting bald , was the only thing .
` ` we have a report from a woman in the principal 's office who saw the whole thing , '' the policeman said , pointing to a nearby window .
because c and this was the odd thing , for which teagarden had not prepared him c the patient had shown , over the years , symptoms of major organic diseases , symptoms not associated with psychosomatic disorders .
if it was so , mr brown would fight to survive c would fight against the very thing he had hired eric to bring about .
' i got elected , sweetscent , but the drats knocked me right out of office in a no - confidence recall thing they cooked up .
` ` here 's the funny thing , though .
for one thing , i do n't even know morgan 's last name . ''
` ` i ' m trying to see if the same thing happened here as in your apartment . ''
` ` except suddenly that locker was doing this ... glowing thing . ''
as lace shook it , a strange thing happened : instead of shame , i felt relief .
` ` it 's just a thing cornelius and i do , '' i said , placing his bowl on the floor .
and that other thing , the big breathing thing , whatever the hell that was ... manny 's eyes widened when he saw me .
i wondered about the big thing under the ventilation towers , and if anyone was going to believe me about something i 'd smelled and heard - and felt - but not seen .
` ` kind of a huge rumbling thing , and it was breathing . ''
so the night watch has to recruit them to keep the whole thing a secret .
` ` you 're a carrier , and you did n't even tell me there was such a thing until tonight ! ''
there it was again , that seven - hundred - year thing .
i remembered the unseen thing i 'd smelled in the underworld , and the shudder in my hands took over my whole body for a moment .
` ` the whole thing was really embarrassing ; my parents sent me to brooklyn when they found out . ''
except the thing is , only the memory chips were damaged .
and one thing distributed networks did particularly well was detect patterns .
the last thing i saw was mae waving the helicopter away , gesturing for it to go , go , go- and then the cave exploded .
i must have lost consciousness , because the next thing i remember was bobby pushing me up into the backseat of the helicopter .
you see , the thing is , i just wanted to save the company , jack .
mae was suggesting that the same thing had happened to the swarms .
the last thing she did was twist the handle of a big flow valve .
and the ironic thing is , the procedure worked .
fans show up to the convention to get together and meet the industry guests , that kind of thing . ''
she sure as hell had n't woken up yesterday morning and wondered if today would be the day some kind of nightmarish thing would rip away her sanity .
but the only thing that 's going to happen is a nice chat .
the next thing i remember , i stood over the crushed , twitching phage .
the next thing i knew , mouse pressed up against my side , an enormous , warm , silent presence .
that howling thing went by in the dark and everyone panicked .
we got one dead and a couple of dozen wounded by one thing or another . ''
more to the point , it had been a place where fairly horrible things happened , and the ugly energy of them still lingered in the air .
someone dying , that kind of thing .
the second thing i noticed was charity 's arms .
anyone my size is prone to that kind of thing .
and then , just as i was leaving , only for an instant , i thought i saw one more thing .
which seemed the sort of thing that should pay my warden 's salary overtime , but for the moment i was simply glad it was over .
is n't that sort of thing passed through bloodlines ? ''
trees , houses , pets , that kind of thing . ''
that you would n't want to come up to your favorite rock star and start fumbling around on a guitar so that the first thing he thinks about you is that you 're incompetent . ''
it 's the bravest and most terrible thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` so tell me about this shinai thing . ''
i wish it was a genuine kindness , but i can tell by his expression it 's part of the whole shinai thing .
gon na close my eyes for a minute ... next thing i know , i ' m feeling so good , not exactly sure where i am , and it does n't matter because i ' m toasty warm , lying in someone 's arms .
` ` more randr , family days , that kind of thing . ''
so first thing , i get up and head over to the market .
first thing i do is roll over and look out over the city , see how the ' scrapers strive toward the unassailable sky .
a thing i did n't believe in until i spent time with adele .
` ` weirdest fragging thing i ever saw .
i ' m doing my best to be a friend to you , and you act like you ' ve never heard of such a thing .
the next thing i know , i ' m blinking gummy eyes , and i feel stiff all over .
the next thing i know , my comm beeps red with an incoming message .
` ` hell of a thing , '' dina says with a grin .
first thing , i fire up the terminal and bounce a message to chancellor tarn .
i ' ve seen this kind of thing before .
when that ship stranded her here , it was the best thing that ever happened to us .
interestingly enough , the same thing has happened to all species in some form or another .
the guts of some device are showing beneath the casing , but i do n't know enough about this sort of thing to judge how the project is coming .
the next thing i know , i ' m aboard the ship , with everyone clustered around me .
it gives me too clear a picture of what they went through in those tunnels on lachion , and it breaks my heart that this is not the worst thing these men have ever seen .
` ` hell of a thing , '' he says , shaking his head .
i thought i 'd faced every horrible thing the universe had to offer .
i ' m a little out of practice with this kind of thing , so bear with me .
and then the most extraordinary thing occurs .
i try to hide my horror , but the last thing i ever wanted was to settle dirtside , and now it looks as though i might be stuck here with no means to contact anyone in the life i left behind .
at some point , i doze off because the next thing i know , he 's waking me .
the same thing is going on in cities all over la'heng .
they all wear somber looks as they move in and out of the line , as if they 're aware of the same thing .
i only mean to close my eyes for a few seconds , but the next thing i know , it 's morning .
` ` your highness ... the most dreadful thing ... fire ... '' in nearly incoherent fits and starts , she babbles out the story we need the imperials to believe : mishani 's secret lover and flavius 's insane rage .
tiana spins the fight into a thing of tragic proportions , complete with mishani 's dying of a broken neck , then how flavius went on a mad rampage .
` ` getting it set back is the sort of thing you do n't mind forgetting . ''
` ` not every good thing that happens is divine intervention , michael . ''
` ` this support network thing you and elaine have going is really smart , '' bob said .
` ` never a bad thing to be owed a favor , '' thomas agreed .
that kind of thing is to be expected when you ' ve got a wizard on both ends .
` ` oh , '' i said , ` ` i ca n't put my finger on any one thing .
` ` in my experience , when there 's a knight of the cross around , there 's no such thing as coincidence . ''
the last thing i noticed , before i dropped off , was that under all the blankets i was entirely undressed .
some of them will have seen the whole thing start to finish .
chapter thirty - four t he next thing i knew , i was coughing , and my chest hurt , and my head hurt , and everything else hurt , and i was colder than hell .
` ` especially if part of the twisting was making damned sure that he did n't remember any such thing happening . ''
that was n't necessarily the prettiest thing to think about .
after that thing with putting your sword to my throat and all . ''
` ` same thing happens when a loved one dies , during big emotional tragedies , that kind of thing .
` ` same thing happens when a loved one dies , during big emotional tragedies , that kind of thing .
i do not belong to y- '' the next thing i knew i was on my knees in the center aisle , and mab was walking away from me , toward the door .
i always like the onion - volcano thing they do at the japanese steak houses .
the damn thing 's a lottery and everybody alive holds a ticket .
the thing everyone has been looking for .
` ` too bad : it 's a hell of a thing to see .
the next thing , i get four , then eight destroyers . ''
that was another thing he had n't anticipated : while exploring a large spacecraft from the future , your feet could begin to hurt .
the next thing , he 'd be subpoenaed or something .
the last thing she remembered was a mechanical voice saying , ` ` hello .
how many news crews does he think are going to show up for this thing ? ''
none of the park superintendents could remember such a thing happening before .
` ` we know one thing , '' kenner said .
he could never have imagined such a thing while living his daily life , going to work at his firm in los angeles .
he stared at the fabric of the chair and the carpet on the floor and he thought , this is the last thing i will see before i die .
it was the last thing evans remembered .
they did n't have a day to stop this thing from happening .
sarah watched the whole thing , her mouth open .
` ` odd thing , that , '' the man said .
it was a soft thing , his grief .
` ` this thing is not true , '' rock said .
it is believed that the nuatoma who first obtains a shardblade would become king , a thing we have not had for many years .
` ` this thing , it is difficult to explain . ''
` ` and after this thing , they made you a slave ?
i believe that the ancient artist did n't know what a voidbringer looked like , and so she drew the most horrific thing she knew of . ' ''
it was a small thing , and the shadows were n't long , with the sun so high .
coming to study in kharbranth was , without doubt , the most wonderful thing that had ever happened to her .
` ` the only ' unseemly ' thing is to not channel your intelligence usefully .
` ` this thing , we should have expected it .
` ` you 're wrong about one thing , though , '' lirin said .
` ` the only thing it proves is that i ' ve more experience staying alive than you .
` ` this thing will not happen , '' rock said .
` ` i will talk with sigzil about this thing , '' rock said , rubbing his chin between the sides of his beard .
it was the most amazing , most glorious thing dalinar had ever seen .
whatever the source of this thing you can do , i can do it too .
` ` ... but the legends lie about one thing , '' jasnah continued .
i hear you ' ve had several full battalions hunting bandits , keeping the peace in the outer market , that sort of thing .
in fact , the only thing he remembered distinctly was- ` ` you must unite them , '' a strong voice boomed .
yes ... this very thing had happened before , in his very first vision .
it is a terrible , terrible thing to leave you alone . ''
at the far end of the room- a hand grasped his arm , a thing roland would have thought impossible in this state .
in die calla , as in a storybook , life had been one damned thing after another .
` ` there 's a thing called aven kal , which is like a tidal - wave that runs along the path of the beam .
susannah would have said such a thing was impossible , but of course she would have said a baby born wide awake , with a mouthful of teeth and a boner , was impossible , as well .
she guessed it was a detta thing .
i m sure i ca n't say , madam , '' nigel replied , ` ` although the probability of such a thing is very low , certainly less than one pe r cent .
nor was the idea all that crazy , as roland himself would have known ; it was the last thing they 'd expect , and there was at least an even chance he could panic them with half a dozen quickly thrown plates and start a rout .
so here she came , thick legs spread , candy - pink in their support hose , one arm clutching her purse to her immense bosom , the other held out for balance , head down , eyes searching for the islands of ashes where some responsible building super had already been out ( jesus and mother mary bless those good men ) , also for the treacherous patches that would defeat her , that would send her whoopsy with her large pink knees flying apart , and down she 'd come on her sit - upon , or maybe on her back , a woman could break her spine , a woman could be paralyzed like poor mrs . bernstein 's daughter that was in the car accident in mamaroneck , such things happened .
now i know you gut things to tell me , but before you start , there 's one thing i gut to tell you .
for several moments they all did , and the quiet had the feel of a deliberate thing .
his service to the crimson king was a late thing , as was his service to john farson , the good man who 'd brought down gilead , the last bastion of civilization , in a tide of blood and murder .
( that they were followed for part of their hike by walter o ' dim was a thing none of them , not even jake - strong in the touch though he was - suspected .
because if it 's a door like the last one- '' ted looked up at eddie - had to look up , because eddie was taller - and susannah saw an amazing , dismaying thing : ted 's eyes appeared to be shaking in their sockets .
` ` and the best thing , '' pimli had continued , ` ` is this : you 'd be able to play near forever , by nba standards .
the first thing roland noticed was the sleeping - bags : a quartet lined up against the left - hand wall , each considerately placed on an inflated air mattress .
the surprising thing was that the same could be said of sheemie .
as though it were the most natural thing in the world .
yet the only thing jake could think of in connection with those marks , now that he 'd heard susannah 's tale , were the legs of a monster spider .
` ` if you told him you wanted him to set himself on fire , the only thing he 'd want to know would be if you had a match .
` ` as if there could be any just about such a thing . ''
oyjumped into susannah 's lap as though it were the most natural thing in the world .
all afternoon he had tried to believe the same thing might happen to eddie and knew somehow that it would not .
and they were walk - ins of a sort , he and jake ; they just happened to have come to a time and place where such things were common .
really , there was no longer any doubt : this was the best thing that had ever happened to her .
a pause , and then he gave what roland supposed was , for him , the most important way of marking time , a thing that was different for every man : ` ` when i was still drinking . ''
` ` both sombra and positronics come to the same thing , '' said roland .
the first thing she sees is that his limp is gone .
and she saw another thing .
susannah realized a rather lovely thing : for once she was n't cold , even though this close to the roaring river the air was dank as well as chill .
( for if y'was n't , i ' m a blue - eyed baboon , which there ai n't no such thing ! ) ''
one thing led to another , he said , and one gigled to another , too .
during his recitation , an odd ( and - to susannah , at least - rather poignant ) thing happened .
their host was standing over him , and the first thing she saw was that his hair - that baby - fine , shoulder - length white hair - was now almost entirely black .
i do n't know if it was dandelo 's idea of a joke , or if there are some sort of rules glammer things like him have to follow , but the thing is , we figured it out in time , with a little help from stephen king . ''
` ` i do n't think that 's likely , but it would n't be the strangest thing i ever ran across .
on her heart 's deepest level , she still did not entirely trust detta not to send everything to blazes at a crucial moment , and for no other reason than the black joy of the thing .
the trip has been long and the cost has been high ... but no great thing was ever attained easily .
ten now roland witnessed an amazing thing : when patrick took the rose , he was n't cut .
it 's hard to believe now , but my family , like the vast majority of people , went about our daily lives as if the most monumentally mind - blowing thing in human history was n't happening right over our heads .
so the next thing i know he 's asking me out , because if a girl loans you a highlighter she must think you 're hot .
that was the second thing i noticed .
` ` that kind of thing only happens in the movies , '' i said .
there 's a good chance our backup systems were n't crippled , and i ' m sure the government has a contingency plan , protected bases , that sort of thing . ''
the only thing that comes close is a scared - shitless girl who 's just seen her father murdered in the dirt .
22 they entered the clearing , and the first thing they saw was the body of corporal branch , or whatever it was that called itself corporal branch .
this whole dying thing is n't so bad at all .
somehow the fact that i was rescued by a very good - looking guy with a lopsided grin and large , strong hands is the most unnerving thing that has happened to me since the others arrived .
but the only thing the others brought was death .
` ` what if this had been the real thing ? ''
` ` that 's the really freaky thing , zombie .
` ` terrible thing . ''
guess that 's one thing i 'll take his word for .
72 the first thing i do after i open my eyes is break out in heart - wrenching sobs .
i stand up , and a weird thing happens : as i rise , evan seems to shrink .
the first thing i see is a frightened , young - looking girl in a white jumpsuit holding a teddy bear .
i ' ve encountered cobwebs and loads of dust and some mysterious slimy substance that might be toxic mold , but this is the first truly gross thing i ' ve seen .
like getting shot by a shark is a perfectly natural thing in the aftermath of the arrival .
there 's a thing called disseminated intravascular coagulation , but it 's rare and requires all sorts of special circumstances to initiate it . ''
orders to cover up whatever happened to ben made the whole thing real .
such a thing happened sometimes with the kelp , but seldom anymore with herself .
indeed , the same thing had happened aboard the voidship earthling , which brought them all to pandora .
i thought , and still think , that your story is the most exciting thing i can show the rest of pandora .
she had done a report on such a thing several years ago .
whatever it was , it had nearly killed ben and he was n't about to let the same thing happen to himself .
` ` thorpe 's typewriter started going to the shop a lot near the end of their stay in new york , and it was even a more frequent thing when they moved to omaha .
and from what his wife told me on the phone that day , my acceptance of that story was the one good thing that had happened to him lately .
dirty dishes in the sink , that sort of thing .
` ` when i got up the first thing i noticed was the typewriter .
i have to reiterate that , because i was drunk a lot of the time , and for every single thing i remember , there are probably fifty or sixty i do n't .
and if the consentiency learned of it ... in that instant before their universe crumbled like a cliff dislodged in a lightning bolt , what excuses would be offered for the failure of reason to prevent such a thing ?
aritch repeated himself , a thing gowachin seldom did .
perhaps that 's the luckiest thing which has ever happened to you . ''
would all the other people on dosadi remain unaware of such a thing , though ?
` ` the first thing ... '' ` ` ... you found out about me . ''
many gowachin know of this thing . ''
` ` it was a near thing . ''
` ` there is no such thing as a minor accident on a submarine . ''
then he thought : but this is a natural thing .
` ` only one thing it could be , '' said garcia .
` ` it 'll be a near thing .
the lifting of tension about sparrow was an almost physical thing .
just so somebody wins and that puts a stop to the thing -the bloody , foolish , never - ending thing . ''
this was what reed had meant : ` ` there is no such thing as a minor emergency aboard a submarine . ''
he could walk around on the sea side , but he was convinced that the same thing would happen , only this time he would fall down .
the only thing i know for sure is that i do n't like any of this , not one damn bit .
that 's one thing you never do . ''
distantly , maybe on the next block , he could hear people shouting at each other and then a couple of rattling reports that were probably firecrackers ... but when you were in the sort of business balazar was in , firecrackers were n't the first thing you thought of .
thing was , it was a little harder to work yourself up to hurting a woman who was the only heir to holmes dental industries when there were twelve holmes plants in the sunny south , one of them just one county over from oxford town , oxford town .
eddie was a lot of things , and a lot of them were not nice ( as a fellow who had consciously let a child drop to his death , the gunslinger knew the difference between nice and not quite well ) , but one thing eddie was n't was stupid .
` ` i know it would cause a riot or some goddam thing if we just ... popped out over there . ''
there was one thing he did n't have to guess about : he was falling in love with her .
my father said yes , and it was gorgeous weather besides , but i think i knew even at five that he was mad and she was embarrassed and both of them were afraid to call another taxi - cab because the same thing might happen again .
it 's not a thing you ever get over .
` ` i understand very little of this , or how such a thing can be , but you must be on your guard .
` ` there 's one thing that lady does n't know , '' he said .
the hideous thing about the really bad man 's invasion had been the sense of familiarity that came with it , as if this amazing thing had happened before - not once , but many times .
looking around was the sort of thing a witness might remember after an accident .
the process had produced a viable embryo - not too common a thing in their world where only a select few were freed of the contraceptive gas and allowed to breed , and only a rare number of those produced viables .
he stood frozen at the viewer as a thing seen only eight previous times in the history of gene - shaping took place within his field of vision .
he had heard this thing described , read the reports ... but actually to have seen it himself !
' do you think that outside adjustment was an accidental thing ? '
' leave the worn equipment thing out of your report , ' the agent said .
it 'd been a clean thing then , sharp and real , blazing against the givers of time .
' it is well , therefore , that i warn you of a thing to happen .
so young it appeared , but nourse had begun to notice a thing : there was much youngness in central , but no youth .
' they shut off the ventilators and flooded the tubes with that gas first thing . '
' immobilization for the past few hours was the best thing that could ' ve happened to her . '
whenever he was working , he thought of his dolly 's quim ; it was a natural thing -- - tension turned a man randy .
pierce had a moment of profound rage that this final step in the plan should be , in the end , the only thing to go irretrievably wrong .
strange thing -- it had looked like a long tube .
he asked himself then what whelye would do if he , thurlow , should stop the proceedings and take the patient 's place to describe ` ` ... a thing i saw the other night , something like a flying saucer .
what was that thing i saw ?
oh , there could be a few cases of mistaken identity , weather balloons and that sort of thing , but the people who insist they ' ve seen spaceships , these people are in need of our services . ''
sarah 's words -- sarah 's words ... thurlow could almost see that zigzag blade glinting in joe murphey 's hand , a vicious , shivering , wavering thing in the mottled shadows .
` ` andy , i still find this whole thing so unreal .
why would she wish to see such a ... painful thing .
` ` an amusing thing , '' fraffin said .
` ` false fire alarms are not a thing to be disregarded , especially when turned in by a man well along in his adult years . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as an accident for a chem , '' he sneered .
` ` in time , a curious thing happens to such schools , '' thurlow said .
the first thing i saw was jamie 's slight figure , clinging to someone 's arm .
on an ordinary day - if there was really such a thing anymore - either one of these might have seemed agonizing .
she was too used to this kind of thing to really work up a good fit anymore .
he closed his eyes as he leaned toward me , an automatic thing .
kissing ian was one thing - even a pleasant thing , maybe , if i was n't so racked with worry - but anything more ... elaborate ... could i ?
because he 's probably a bit young to watch this kind of thing .
it made a squishing sound and a thud - that was the first thing i noticed - and then the shock of the blow wore off , and i felt it , too .
that kinda thing .
the next thing i knew , jared was shaking me awake .
our lips moved together , fusing as if they would never divide , as if separation was not the inevitable thing it was , and i could taste the salt of our tears .
i stared into jared 's eyes , and the strangest thing happened .
when he told her , the first thing she did was laugh .
the same thing was happening to him now .
there had been one curious event , a simple thing that caused a commotion and fixed it in his memory .
this one thing stood out even though the ship 's records were not always clear and he did not completely trust the ship 's versions of history .
it was just the kind of thing oakes might believe .
she tried to fathom the sense of this thing .
it had just been a routine scan , the kind of thing he did regularly shipside .
the heading of the record was the most surprising thing of all .
lucky thing murdoch had been sent shipside .
human , do you know how interesting it is , this thing you describe ?
` ` we saw a similar thing in lab one . ''
to panille , the startling thing was thomas ' emotional response : deep amusement .
she felt that she had been put on a long slide , unable to get off , unable to change a single thing that would happen .
but the weirdest thing is ... there 's stuff i ' m pretty sure came from inside people .
ever since this weird thing happened - ever since we discovered it had happened , to be more accurate - i have been in charge .
and if this thing happened at - ` ` albert glanced toward the clock , ` ` at 4:07 , bangor time , almost everyone in town must have been asleep . ''
when this thing - this event - happened , it was probably at the dead low tide of its twenty - four - hour cycle , but i find it difficult to believe there were n't at least a few people in here , drinking coffee and perhaps eating early breakfasts .
` ` it 's a horrible thing , but it can be gotten over .
there was no sound up here , and somehow that was the most horrible thing of all .
a clear assurance filled him like a morning sunray : we are on the verge of something - some great and amazing thing .
` ` my god , that was the most wonderful thing . ''
the next thing i did was look straight up .
the funny thing was , alana ray seemed to help min the most .
` ` and the worst thing is , luz took all my numbers away . ''
` ` i saw this thing down in the subway , and the angels caught me .
the whole thing was starting an hour late , which astor michaels kept saying would make everything really intense ...
that seemed like the kind of thing you might mention .
maybe they were going to forget this whole minerva thing and take us back to new jersey .
last thing i saw , you were throwing it out a window ! ''
duque knew it was hali ekel who saw this thing but he could not separate himself from her experience .
it was a thing islanders heard about , a merman thing that he 'd never expected to experience .
it was a thing islanders heard about , a merman thing that he 'd never expected to experience .
ship save us if an island ever hit such a thing !
keel had seen this sort of thing in holos but the reality was different .
another cultural thing , he realized .
` ` why has no island reported that thing ? ''
he said he saw the whole thing , the sub came directly up through their center and - '' ` ` it was an islander sub , '' she insisted .
when the c / p came to poolside there was nothing visible of the strange thing the watchers reported .
` ` they have the usual sonar , perimeter alarms against dashers , that sort of thing , '' panille said .
the sound was reassuring , a thing heard often in an island 's shop areas - metal and plastics being cut by carpenters for assemblage into necessary nonorganic utensils .
he did n't think so , but it was a thing you would n't know for sure until the time came , and it was a terrible thought .
the third thing that happened around eleven o'clock was rank 's death .
that had been a funny thing .
i think you ' ve got a chance to win this thing . ''
in a way , it 's the most natural thing in the world .
` ` but the thing is , i keep hearing it .
competition for females , that sort of thing . ''
the last thing she saw was a huge leathery foot landing beside her , shushing in the mud , and a soft snorting sound .
it 's the most important thing that happens , and it 's the culmination of all the tools and language and social structure that has evolved .
the last thing he remembered was the tyrannosaur in front of him on the road .
they 're going to claim we ' ve been arresting innocent men - nocturnal police raids , that sort of thing .
not the kind of thing that made you raise a cheer , either .
2 hannibal the german shepherd saw one thing and one thing only : the rolled - up newspaper which fell from cary ripton 's hand as the shotgun blast pushed him off his bicycle seat and out of his life .
` ` terrible thing .
kim geller slept through the whole thing .
the only thing in my whole life i can remember that felt this crazy was when i was a kid and everybody came down with the flu at the same time .
only one thing was different from the way it had really been .
for one thing tak was n't weakening , as she had perhaps foolishly hoped it would with the passage of time ; tak was , if anything , getting stronger .
audrey glanced down the block , suddenly sure she was imagining the whole thing , and that reality would snap back into place like a released elastic as soon as she saw the hobart place standing intact .
it came toward her from the den doorway , seth garin in motokops underoos , only now she saw an amazing , horrid thing : the child 's bare toes were dragging across the living - room carpet , but otherwise it was floating along like a boy - shaped balloon .
the last thing she saw before he broke contact was the studio portrait of herself on the table in the front hall .
as peter draws closer , he expects to see the black cloth ( perhaps nylon , perhaps silk ) covering the man 's face , giving him that spooky look of absence , but he does n't see it , and as the plate - glass window of the ez stop explodes down the street , he realizes an awful thing : he does n't see it because it is n't there .
as he draws closer to the man with no face , he realizes an even more awful thing : he 's not really there at all .
sometimes there are things like that ( herb twisting his lip or me slapping myself ) , things like a powerful hypnosis , but not often .
from audrey wyler 's journal june 12 , 1995 it happened again - the daydream thing .
it did n't matter that i could n't talk , because hobart had the whole thing scripted .
william and hugh do this together , a father - and - son type of thing , i guess , a holy substitute for little league or touch football .
` ` the big lug here slept through the whole thing . ''
i think the most terrible thing of all is how the slb knows to leave hugh hobart alone .
and that weird thing with the teeth .
i guess it was pretty amazing for him to just start up talking like he did , but how many people would change all their plans because of a thing like that , right on the spur of the moment , even so ?
` ` but one thing i wo n't forget , '' he said , ` ` is that seth talked today .
and the most despicable thing is that tak has used what the child loves to do its killing .
let 's say tak is driving this thing that 's happening to us all by himself now .
but then a strange thing begins to happen .
she thinks she 'll begin to laugh , but before she can , an amazing and totally unexpected thing happens .
` ` what about this manchester thing ? ''
` ` well , the funny thing is , i ' m not sure that she knew what she was doing .
` ` and you 're sure this blue thing is almost over ? ''
` ` but maybe this party thing is n't going to happen .
or the whole thing might be a coincidence .
he 'd be frozen for the whole thing .
` ` for the next thing to happen , i guess . ''
the first thing she saw was the rad - lab man wheeling in the tray with the charging unit on it .
it was easier to watch on tv than to turn around and see the real thing .
` ` the thing is ... '' eddie laughed helplessly .
susannah 's right - the only thing robots bleed when you shoot them is quaker state 10 - 40 .
` ` i punched my hand into the hole the sand had come from , as i was taught to do if such a thing ever happened to me .
but is n't it possible that if you hallucinated that whole thing - the way station , the kid , the speaking demon - then maybe you took walter 's jawbone because - ` ` ` ` it was no hallucination , '' roland said .
` ` a thing like that just ca n't happen , '' eddie reiterated , but he was badly shaken , all the same .
the only thing that gets you into a place like that is when something big - time goes wrong up here in the attic .
but that was n't why he felt so good , so suddenly aware of everything that was going on around him , so sure that some great thing was about to occur .
yet the sensation that the impending event was not bad but good , that it would balance out the terrible thing which had happened to him three weeks ago , continued to grow .
she 's very concerned about you , and so am i , although we have both seen this sort of thing before , especially during exam week .
please come and see me first thing tomorrow , okay ?
how could i remember a thing like that for sure ? ''
but that was n't the worst thing . ''
and their eyes were wide open and staring , like they saw the most gross - awful thing in the world . ''
it was nuts - no train he had ever heard of travelled faster than the speed of sound - but it was also the only thing that made sense .
and i can tell you something else : your good friend edward cantor dean is looking forward to a long and lei - surely squat in this grove of trees first thing tomorrow morning .
what happened to you in that lot was the most important thing ever to happen in your life , jake .
23 ` ` you saw the same thing at the end of your dream , roland , did n't you ? ''
heights have never been my favorite thing , but i 'll manage . ''
he had made no effort to lick jake 's blood from his chops , although it would have been the most natural thing in the world for him to have done so .
and just think - if i did n't mean what i say , i would have told you to toss your guns overside first thing !
` ` get moving , cully , before i start cryin myself ... for a wery sentermental fellow is yer old pal , so he is , and when he starts to grieve and mourn , a little slappin is the only thing to put a smile on his face again .
we must get to the nearest closet where gas masks are stored before that happens , and it 's apt to be a near thing .
` ` three 's prime , but no product you git by multiplyin three can be prime , '' she said , and now roland heard an odd but wonderful thing : detta was fading out of the woman 's voice ; she was being replaced not by odetta holmes but by susannah dean .
there 's such a thing as taking an illusion too far . ''
` ` patricia went mad , '' blaine said patiently , speaking as if he himself had not just admitted the same thing was happening to him .
what a spectacular thing .
it was just the thing he wanted so to happen - the miracle change in her .
of course he had other syringes , but this was the second time this sort of thing and he found himself at the bedside again , staring down at the motionless patient , thinking , now how exactly did this - i mean , what in god 's name is going on ?
there was the lingering fear that if such a thing had happened once , it might happen another time for entirely different reasons .
and the same thing happened in ironweed .
he felt a sullen wordless terror that such a thing could happen to him .
the third thing that happened that year was a concert at the municipal auditorium .
horrible thing to imagine - like seeing someone rise from the dead .
did your aunt carl actually say she saw this thing ? '
' sad thing . '
in fact , the strangest thing happened .
if all the priests of the world had such a soothing manner as that , what a splendid thing it would be .
and he 'd like this thing with his hands to go away , for his memory to come back of what had happened to him out there .
' this thing with the hands , is it real ? '
why , she was a doctor , and she 'd been with him when the ' awful thing ' happened , and god knows , she did everything she could .
this was almost the worst thing that had ever happened to rita .
monsieur julien was as far back as he could recall ' but you know , it 's the strangest thing , ' rita said .
and miss carl had seen the whole thing .
' oh , what an awful thing , ' rita whispered , ' to scratch her own eyes out . '
one thing daddy did say , though , that they were right to take deirdre 's baby away from her and give it to ellie mayfair , for the baby 's sake .
' that 's a funny thing , about deirdre 's father going off the road , ' she said .
it seems brutal but there is absolutely no reason for me to subject myself to her dying , and if you choose to stay around and watch a woman die of cancer , well , then you have to ask why you want to subject yourself to that kind of thing , why you love that sort of suffering , what 's wrong with you that do n't hand me that crap , not me !
' that is the sort of thing i want . '
' it 's always frightening , a close call , a seeming chance thing that makes a large impact .
the morning before , it was the funniest thing , i woke up and i was thinking about home .
he had to admit he had not imagined such a thing .
it was about the most exciting thing which had happened , outside of rowan coming to his door .
and before he could stop himself , the most surprising thing happened .
on the other hand , how could she have imagined such a thing as that ?
the son had a wild look to him , as if he could not believe that he was still living , and had witnessed such a thing .
we understand full well your reasons for wishing to journey to saint - domingue but we can not allow such a thing .
with each step i believed it all the more , and wondered at it , for during my captivity i had given up all hope of such a thing .
' may all the forces of goodness protect me , may the higher spirits protect me , may no harm come to me ; may the white light shine upon me , and keep me from this thing . '
' oh , but that reminds me , i 'll tell you , he did the strangest thing to frighten me once !
when he answered again , i caught something about the others knowing about that thing , knowing and pretending they did n't .
deborah wants to stop this thing that she and suzanne brought into the world and into this family ! '
mary beth considered the matter for a long time , and then explained in her simple straightforward manner that the future was n't predetermined , it was merely predictable and her prediction was that this boy would die if he went to africa but if he stayed here worse things might happen maitland junior changed his own mind about the expedition , stayed home , and was killed in a fire six months later ( the young man was drunk and was smoking in bed ) at the funeral therese accosted mary beth and demanded to know why she did n't prevent such horrors mary beth said almost casually that she foresaw the whole thing , yes , but there was n't much she could do to change it to change it , she would have had to change maitland junior and that was not her job in life , and besides , she 'd tried , to no avail , to talk to maitland countless times , but she certainly felt dreadful about it , and she wished the cousins would stop asking her to look into the future ' when i look into the future , ' she reportedly said , ' all i see is how weak most people are , and how little they do to fight fate or fortune you can fight , you know you really can but maitland was n't going to change anything ' then she shrugged , or so the story goes , and walked with her characteristic big steps out of the lafayette cemetery therese was horrified by these statements she never forgave mary beth for her ' involvement ' ( 7 ) in the death of her husband or her son and to her dying day , she maintained that an aura of evil surrounded the first street house , and that whatever power the mayfairs possessed worked only for the chosen ones .
' the next thing i remember , i was pushing through a long line of the cousins , to get to the bottom of the stairs .
in fact a rather curious thing happened i was so startled when i saw the portrait that i blurted it aloud .
she hated this sort of thing she 's going to rise from the dead and tell you to shut up if you do n't stop . '
when he woke up , he was stuart he had absolutely no recollection of ever having been anyone else indeed , he believed he was ten years old , and when he heard a manly voice issuing from his own throat , he was horrified when he discovered he had a grown man 's body , he was speechless with shock dumbfounded he sat in his hospital bed listening to stories of what had been happening to him for the last ten years of course he did not understand french he 'd had a terrible time with it in school and of course he could n't play the piano why , everybody knew he had no musical ability he could not even carry a tune in the next few weeks , he sat staring at the dinner table at his ' enormous ' brothers and sisters , at his now gray - haired father , and at his mother , who could not look at him without bursting into tears telephones and automobiles which hardly existed in 1905 when he had ceased to be stuart startled him endlessly electric lights filled him with insecurity but the keenest source of agony was his own adult body and the ever deepening realization that his childhood and adolescence were now gone without a trace then he began to confront the inevitable problems he was twenty with the emotions and education of a ten - year - old boy he began to gain weight , his color improved , he went riding on the nearby ranches with his old friends tutors were hired to educate him , he read the newspapers and the national magazines by the hour he took long walks during which he practiced moving and thinking like an adult but he lived in a perpetual state of anxiety he was passionately attracted to women , but did not know how to deal with this attraction his feelings were easily hurt as a man he felt hopelessly inadequate at last he began to quarrel with everyone , and discovering that he could drink with impunity , he began to ' hit the bottle ' in the local saloons soon the whole town knew the story some people remembered the first ' go round ' when antoinette had been born others only heard the whole tale in retrospect whatever the case , there was ceaseless talk and though the local paper never , out of deference to the doctor , made mention of this bizarre story , a reporter from dallas , texas , got wind of it from several sources , and without the family 's cooperation , wrote a long article on it which appeared in the sunday edition of a dallas paper in 1915 other papers picked up this story it was eventually forwarded to us in london about two months after it appeared meantime curiosity seekers descended upon stuart a local author wanted to write a novel about him representatives from national magazines rang the front door bell the family was up in arms stuart was once again driven indoors , and sat brooding in the attic room , staring at the treasured possessions of this strange person antoinette , and feeling that ten years of his life had been stolen from him , and he was now a hopeless misfit , driven to antagonizing everyone he knew no doubt the family received a great deal of unwelcome mail on the other hand , communication in that day and age was not what it is now whatever the case , a package from the talamasca reached stuart in late 1916 , containing two well - known books about such cases of ' possession , ' along with a letter from us informing him that we had a good deal of knowledge about such things and would be very glad to talk to him about it , and about others who had experienced the same thing stuart at once fired off a reply he met with our representative louis daly in dallas in the summer of 1917 , and gratefully agreed to go with us to london dr townsend , at first deeply concerned , was finally won over by louis , who assured him that our approach to such things was entirely scholarly , and at last stuart came to us on september 1 , he was received into the order as a novice the following year , and he remained with us from then on his first project of course was a thorough study of his own case , and a study of every other known case of possession on record his conclusion finally , and that of the other talamasca scholars assigned to this area of research , was that he indeed had been possessed by the spirit of a dead woman he believed then and ever after that the spirit of antoinette fielding could have been driven out of him , if anyone knowledgeable had been consulted , even a catholic priest for though the catholic church holds that such cases are purely demonic which we do not there is no doubt that their techniques for exorcising such alien presences do work for the next five years stuart did nothing but investigate past cases of possession the world over he interviewed victims by the dozens , taking voluminous notes he came to the conclusion long held by the talamasca that there are a great variety of entities who engage in possession some may be ghosts , some may be entities who were never human , some may be ' other personalities ' within the host but he remained convinced that antoinette fielding had been a real human being , and that like many such ghosts , she had not known or understood that she was dead in 1920 he went to paris to find evidence of antoinette fielding he was unable to discover anything at all but the few bits of information about the dead louisa fielding did fit with what antoinette had written about her mother time , however , had long ago erased any real trace of these persons and stuart remained forever dissatisfied on this account in late 1920 he resigned himself to the fact that he might never know who antoinette was , and then he turned to active fieldwork on behalf of the talamasca he went out with louis daly to intervene in cases of possession , carrying out with daly a form of exorcism which daly used very effectively to drive such alien presences out of the victim - host daly was very impressed with stuart townsend he became stuart 's mentor , and stuart was throughout these years noted for his compassion , patience , and effectiveness in this field not even daly could comfort the victims afterwards the way stuart could do it after all , stuart had been there stuart knew stuart worked in this field tirelessly until 1929 , reading the file on the mayfair witches only when a busy schedule allowed then he made his plea to the council and won at that point in time , stuart was thirty - five he stood six feet tall , had ash - blond hair and dark gray eyes he was lean of build and had a light complexion he tended to dress elegantly , and was one of those americans who deeply admires english manners and ways of doing things , and aspires to imitate them he was an attractive young man but his greatest appeal to friends and acquaintances was a sort of boyish spontaneity and innocence stuart was really missing ten years of his life , and he never got them back he was capable at times of impetuousness , and of flying off the handle , of getting furious when he encountered even small obstacles to his plans but he controlled this very well when he was in the field , and when he threw a tantrum in the motherhouse he could always be brought round .
to send an inexperienced man like townsend to make contact with the mayfair witches is like sending a child directly to hell to interview the devil in sum stuart townsend went off to new orleans unprepared and unwarned and with all due respect to those who governed the order in 1929,1 do not believe that such a thing would happen today .
' then the most sad thing happened .
and though no such thing happened , it was a year before such thoughts left me , so shaken was i by what had occurred .
' it was a terrible , terrible thing . '
scariest thing i ' ve ever seen . '
in all these years , rowan had never seen such a thing .
and they did it as if it were the most natural thing in the world , the simplest thing in the world , the baby held aloft , the mother bending , the man coming so quick and then another very old one with spotted hands and thinning hair , ' help me up , cecil , ' her foot on the velvet prie - dieu .
rowan said nothing further however , the little girl in question was diagnosed within a week as having a rare form of bone cancer she died before the end of the term the principal has told the story over dinner countless times she deeply regretted her censure of rowan she wished in particular that she had not called mrs mayfair , because mrs mayfair became so terribly upset it may have been concern on elite 's part which put an end to this sort of incident in rowan 's life ellie 's friends all knew about it ' elite was damned near hysterical she wanted rowan to be normal she said she did n't want a daughter with strange gifts ' graham thought the whole thing was a coincidence , according to the principal he bawled out the woman for calling and telling ellie when the poor little girl died coincidence or not , this entire affair seems to have put an end to rowan 's demonstrations of her power .
while i was there , the most remarkable thing happened .
' i thought i was asleep , but the distinction i ' m trying to make is , this thing is n't limited to apparitions .
' you know , it 's a funny thing , ' he said .
' i ca n't stand it , and i want to ask you what it was like when that thing happened , but i know i should n't ask you that , and you know , it 's like i ' ve seen the face of the man who touched you ... ' she lay back on the pillow , looking at him in the dark , loving the delicious crush of his weight against her , and his hands almost pulling her hair .
it 's the strangest mixture of elements , this whole thing . '
not a single thing he had seen since the beginning of this odyssey , not even the images from the jars , had filled him with as much dread as the sight of this tomb .
you know -that sort of thing .
1 ' rowan , ' he said , ' if you saw that thing you 'd tell me , would n't you ? '
well , the strangest thing happened .
this spirit could have staged your drowning , your rescue , the visions , the whole thing .
you 're the most exciting thing that 's happened to him in the last ten years .
it just seemed a natural thing for beatrice as she sat bawling on the couch with aaron hugging her , and for gifford , who for hours had been explaining something of seeming importance to a patient and wide - eyed aunt viv .
' come on , michael , everybody here does this sort of thing .
he went on , about selling a couple of pieces of california property , shipping certain things , renting out his house , that sort of thing .
and once such a thing is achieved , other such things may be achieved .
about the only good thing was that aunt viv had received the first two boxes safely and called to say how delighted she was to have her cherished objects with her at last .
damndest thing , he thought .
some- thing woke me . ''
as elias says , everything was said centuries ago and every- thing happened centuries ago .
` ` if they find that wrecked ship on pluto and it is a thing i hope they laser it out of existence ; after all we do have a law against them coming into our system . ''
` ` hell of a thing . ''
but i still have faith i can get at the thing , if not this week then next .
` ` well , here 's the thing , '' wauneka said .
trying to find the odd detail , the thing that was out of place .
i saw this thing on the weather channel - ` ` beth groaned .
when a seer was probably the boss of the whole thing .
` ` the weird thing is they did n't steal anything .
` ` you heard about the thing last night ? ''
when you first got here , almost getting killed was a nightly thing . ''
once she 'd realized it was a base - sixty thing , the math had been easy .
` ` that 's the crazy thing , flyboy , '' she said quietly .
a base - sixty thing , having to do with minutes and seconds .
suddenly the whole town 's gone nuts over this thing .
despite how much she still hurt and how disgusting the whole thing had been , her head felt clearer than it had for days .
it was a near thing last night .
` ` and you saved rex , so the same thing did n't happen again . ''
up until that moment , i 'd been laboring under the misapprehension that the splitting pain in my skull would be the worst thing to happen to me today .
and i thought about the thing i 'd seen .
and i 'd be damned if i was going to roll over for one more horrible thing doing nothing but jumping from one rooftop to another .
and i hit myself with it , again and again , filling my mind with every horrible and beautiful thing i had ever seen - and as i did , i focused on what i had bloody well done about it .
it was n't the first thing i 'd seen , and it would n't be the last .
certainly , i 'd never be able to get rid of my memory of this awful thing , or any of the other awful things i 'd seen - so if the memory could n't change , it would have to be me .
certainly , i 'd never be able to get rid of my memory of this awful thing , or any of the other awful things i 'd seen - so if the memory could n't change , it would have to be me .
i tried not to pay any attention to it - but there were other people on the catwalks , and evidently there was no such thing as a less than gorgeous woman inside zero 's walls .
the last thing i needed was for old mrs . spunkelcrief , my near - deaf landlady , to start asking me why my door looked like it had been shot a dozen times .
` ` but that sort of thing needs serious synchronization .
it was a rare thing for such an entity to take material form , and i had thought it so unlikely to happen that i had scarcely bothered to plan for it .
whatever was left of my brain went away , and the next thing i knew she was pressing her chest against mine , her mouth against mine , slowly , sensuously overbearing me .
i 'd heard stories about the blood of the white court , but i had n't been able to find any hard evidence , and it was n't the sort of thing thomas would ever talk about .
on the other hand , that plan had a significant advantage - there was at least one thing that could go right , which was exactly one more right thing than the previous ` ` take back my brother away and beat the skinwalker up '' plan could produce if i tried it unassisted .
rather than trying to match force against force and power against power , the failure of the incoming sorcery to harm listens - to - wind seemed like part of the natural order , as if the world was a place in which such a thing was perfectly normal , reasonable , and expected .
` ` the only thing that proves is that someone else is willing to betray the council and has something to hide .
` ` there 's one thing about tonight that i ca n't figure out , hoss , '' my old mentor said .
i 'd seen almost exactly the same thing happen once before , years ago .
` ` i ' ve got some thing coming in over the wire , '' runciter panted , halting .
or a little thing that happened that i wish had n't happened .
and in addition , it changed channels : images flitted past , of one thing and then another , until at last the mysterious agency was satisfied .
christ , what a thing to have to go through , he said to himself .
strangest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the expression of sympathy in his eyes c in my eyes c was the most hideous thing i 'd ever seen , and when he held out his hand c held outmy hand c i felt a sudden urge to wheel around in my swivel chair , get to my feet , and go running straight out my seventh - floor office window .
it was a terrible thing to look at , that smile , full of yearning and strange greed .
` ` it 's hardly the usual thing , is it ?
the same thing was happening on barbie 's side .
she gave him a good one with the town whistle blowing across the crisp october air , and he caressed the side of her throat while their mouths were together , a thing that always gave her the shivers and he hardly ever did anymore .
rennie slapped his hands to his cheeks , a thing he did often when he was exasperated .
maybe this power failure had been caused by some spectacular accident , the kind of thing the tv news broke into regular coverage to report .
this was exactly the kind of thing you could expect when people wandered off the agenda .
it was n't a thing that happened often , and he did n't like it , but he had been in politics for many more years than eric ' rusty ' everett had been tickling prostates , and he knew there was a big difference between losing a battle and losing the war .
they 're the coming thing . '
in the brilliant light , barbie saw a remarkable thing : her mouth set in a harsh , unforgiving line and her eyes streaming tears .
because a thing like that could change the wcrld.the people of this town are strictly secondary .
the first thing her eye happenec on was the salutation : not dear chief perkins but dear duke .
i had some trouble before this dome thing , and - ' ' we know all about that , ' cox said .
and howie had no absolute proof - that 's one thing i do know .
if someone came in , it would be the first goddam thing they saw .
probably overreacting , but i hope to god this thing ends today and i do n't have to find out . '
12 it was brilliant , all right , but it was already going on ten thirty , and if they were really going to make this thing happen , they would have to move fast .
she had n't said what that thing was , but her mother had known ; she had been sitting in the front pew of the church in which her daughter was now ordained .
' but ... you know that seizure thing ? '
' the halloween thing sounds like what the dinsmore boy was raving about , ' barbie said .
duke perkins never would have allowed suchj a thing , and piper reflected that if he could see them from wherever he was , he 'd be rolling in his grave fast enough to set his remains on fire .
the first thing to strike barbie was that james o. cox had put on weight .
asked later to explain this sudden rush of custom , rose would say : ' the same thing happens every winter when the weather bureau upgrades a storm warning to a blizzard warning .
barbie heard him ask someone what the world was coming to , when hometown folks could get up to a thing like this .
but here was an interesting thing .
' well , ' junior said , ' i was coming back from patrol out on 117 - i missed the whole supermarket thing - ' ' good luck for you , ' randolph said .
a thing like that put the world in perspective .
of course , he would have said a girl killing two cops and then taking her own life was also the kind of thing that did n't happen in the mill .
the press will be there to record the whole thing .
i 'd tell you to brace yourself , but i do n't think you can brace yourself for a thing like this .
a hurt pet was the sort of thing nice people like the freemans saw to immediately ... so why were n't they ?
next thing you know , we were fighting , and his magnifying glass got broken . '
i ' ve kind of forgotten how this thing goes . '
this speed - rap babble was the last thing carter had expected .
' is n't that the damndest thing , ' he murmurs .
' is n't that just the damndest thing anyone ever saw . '
if he could n't sit at the head of the table , he 'd just as soon skip the whole thing .
i do n't think you can ever make up for a thing like - ' he began to cough again , and more blood flew from his mostly toothless mouth .
in hallandren - a country that controlled a good third of the inland sea 's coast - things were different .
you see , the great thing about madness is that it 's all in your head . ''
but , well , that was the sort of thing priests were for .
that 's the last thing we knew .
strangest thing . ''
however , the thing that now struck lightsong was the fact that he 'd used the word ` ` case '' in reference to the murder .
they 'd interview newcomers to the village , walk the streets looking for wrongdoing , that sort of thing . ''
inside , she pulled out a piece of rope - the one that vasher had used to tie her up , the first thing that she had awakened .
siri , who was still a little girl in vivenna 's mind , bearing the child of that thing in the palace .
` ` what ' sort of thing ' ? ''
it knows that even if it rebuilds , the same thing is going to happen again . ''
i 'll be there to see the whole thing .
` ` that 's the oddest thing i ever saw , '' furuneo whispered .
what a thing to say ! ''
` ` that 's the strange thing . ''
` ` same thing here , '' he said .
` ` what about the barking thing ? ''
all the same , it was a sobering thing to see .
whatever universal powers governed that kind of thing evidently decided that the soul 's windows do n't come in an optional issue of one - way mirrored glass .
i ' m talking about what happened to that movie - monster thing in the hotel last year . ''
with that , the pair of them bounded apart , apparently the last thing the ghouls had been expecting , and dashed for the gate .
and places where significant things have happened to them .
they might win their way out , but susannah did n't think that was a sure thing even if they managed to stump blaine with a riddle .
she guessed that if they did feel a bump , it would be the last thing any of them would ever feel .
roland composed his face quickly , but before he did , eddie saw a horrible thing : a brief look of complete hopelessness .
his fingers worked restlessly in oy 's fur , and when he looked down at them , he realized an amazing thing : the hand which oy had bitten into to keep from falling off the bridge no longer hurt .
eddie had thought much the same ... but now , as he cast his mind back over the contest , he realized an interesting thing : blaine had hesitated .
but as jake finished riddling blaine , eddie realized a wonderful , liberating thing : that word good was up for grabs .
as he spoke , he discovered a wonderful thing : he was struggling to hold back laughter .
an odd thing was happening to the walls , as well ; they began to fade in and out of true , lunging toward transparency , perhaps , and then opaquing again .
it seemed to be coming from everywhere and nowhere ; at the same time , it was so low he might have been tempted to believe the whole thing was just his imagination , if the others had n't - ` ` watch out ! ''
` ` sometimes - especially when you know a thing 's going to be hard - it 's better just to get on your horse and ride . ''
not the great thing i and my friends had thought about and whispered about and wondered about , of course - ` ` ` ` i think store - bought pussy tends to be overrated by the young , sugar , '' susannah said .
her mind was still far away , returning to the odd thing she had seen through the old woman 's bedroom window - the soft but somehow unpleasant light coming from the pink globe , the hypnotized way the hag had been looking down at it ...
` ` i never heard of such a thing , '' aunt cordelia had huffed ... but she had handed the grimy scrap of paper back .
he would enjoy putting his boot into the balls of the one with that idiotic bird 's skull on his saddle - horn - standing there and mocking him , he 'd been , thinking all the while that herk avery was too country - dumb to know what he was up to - but the thing he 'd realty enjoy would be beating the cool look from the eyes of the boy in the flathead preacher 's hat , seeing a hotter expression of fear rise up in them as mr . will dearborn of hemphill realized that new canaan was far away and his rich father could n't help him .
it was terribly sad , but the sort of thing that happens , sometimes .
it 's the best thing that ever happened to me , i think .
one thing he had no trouble remembering at all - his recollection was refreshed by the miserable flare of pain he suffered each time he bumped his wounded finger .
as they walked , she noticed an odd thing : many of the pines had been stripped of their lower branches .
and here was the most horrible thing of all : strong as the wind of ka might be , it appeared that honor and the promises they had made would prove stronger .
the only thing of which he was sure was that the old woman had given susan a powerful command to forget .
the first thing depape saw upon entering was sai thorin herself , in a rocker by the window .
he wanted it to be the last thing rimer saw on this side of the clearing .
the wrongest thing of all was maria herself , cheeks ashy beneath her olive skin - tone , and her usually neat hair tangled and unbound .
there was only one thing she could be waiting for .
as they pulled him up , bert saw a strange and frightening thing : there were threads of white in roland 's hair .
` ` that 's the first thing i saw in the glass . ''
` ` waking to the truth when it 's too late is a terrible thing .
` ` but i have to tell you guys , '' eddie said , ` ` that it 's only gon na take about one more wonderful thing to send me around to the dark side of the psycho moon .
that he should have caused such a thing to have happened , to have deliberately set it in motion , like a man playing castles ... that i can not believe .
a breach could mean only one thing .
the only thing that stopped him was the no - nonsense way one of them was holding a combat knife to milly 's throat .
` ` that 's the thing you got ta watch with cyborgs .
` ` a fine thing , '' miller said , ` ` a fine thing .
` ` a fine thing , '' miller said , ` ` a fine thing .
he had never noticed such a thing , nor considered it as a difficulty , and by the expressions of the other officers , neither had any of them ; even jane looked surprised by the intelligence , and she was an aviator of thirty years ' experience and more .
the last we want is to see him go ; the only damned thing to be thankful for is he has put himself in our reach .
only , he was a little worried , because it seemed the sort of thing that laurence might have minded , and he felt instinctively there was something strange , that laurence did not seem to care .
i think there 's a thing .
then he said , ` ` you know ... i think there 's a thing .
buy stolen property from a kid , and next thing you knew you 'd have an enraged adult accusing you of having given little johnnie or matilda a tenner for their wedding ring .
` ` that 's an ironic thing to ask , '' i said , ` ` considering that you are me .
that whole thing was glossed over a bit in the archives , but i can read between the lines ; he walked by accident the first time , like most of them do .
it was hardly the most painful thing i 'd ever experienced , but having those needles removed was no fun at all , and using my hand was difficult for two weeks afterward .
in a few moments , the same thing would happen to jerzy .
it was the first thing i 'd seen at jay 's funeral , when i 'd watched from the infirmary ; as the coffin vanished , five hundred people lent their voices to a single shout , a last hurrah .
everything clicked , now ; the fog hanging over base town after jerzy 's death , what i 'd assumed to be depression ... it had been a tangible thing .
` ` i signed out to go for a walk , and accidentally brought on the thing i was warned about when i first arrived here , something that even scares a time agent and took the essences of a hundred of me to power .
why had n't he known such a thing could happen ?
he 'd heard his father brag about that kind of thing with the few other cops who had come over for beer and poker .
then a strange thing occurred as he drew near the ivy - covered stone walls , which was wholly unexpected .
i only hope and pray that godwin will not seek to take his daughters from you , for that would be a horrid and terrible thing . ''
godwin , so beloved by his students , could not possibly wish for such a thing .
i should see her dead before such a thing should be allowed to happen . ''
one thing i did know , however .
that 's the usual thing in rome , and i have my dispensation from the pope to treat christians .
such a thing is possible , after all .
i prayed for no such thing , '' said vitale .
i was distracted by the undercurrent of music , and finally just too sleepy to pay much attention to any one beautiful thing .
raising his voice above the sounds , signore antonio spoke again : ` ` a terrible thing befell my friend giovanni in florence , '' he said .
deep in the leather armchair of his soul , mr . young knew that god got embarrassed at that sort of thing .
` ` but one somehow imagines this sort of thing happening in america .
there 's an air base at lower tadfield , she went there for the opening , things started to happen , base hospital not ready , our man there said , ' there 's a place just down the road , ' and there we were .
aziraphale healed bicycles and broken bones ; he longed to steal a few radios , let down some tires , that sort of thing .
` ` that sort of thing does n't happen any more , '' reiterated wensleydale , the rational thinking person .
` ` she managed to come up with the kind of predictions that you can only understand after the thing has happened , '' said anathema .
crowley was going to have to time this whole thing very , very carefully .
if there 's one thing real hell 's angels ca n't abide , it 's weekend bikers .
he made frantic swimming motions in an effort to reach his own body and then , as these things do , the perspectives clicked into place .
up until now the problems had been fairly basic .. things like it being obsolete before they had finished building it , einsteinian tailbacks that eventually became tailforwards , that kind of thing .
` ` i mean , it 's not the kind of thing you do n't notice , your car being on fire .
i thought you knew about this sort of thing . ''
` ` rebellion izz a fine thing , '' said beelzebub , ` ` but some thingz are beyond rebellion .
` ` it 's the same thing , surely ! ''
the .. the thing , the correct moment or whatever .. it 's gone past !
heaven and hell , good and evil , all that sort of thing ?
then , when you get the job , one thing you do n't forget .
it was unquestionably the most horrible thing that richard had ever seen .
` ` i ' ve never heard of such a thing .
it was as if the lid had been pulled off something dark and writhing : a place of derangement and fury and utter viciousness ; and , in a time of scary things , it was the most frightening thing richard had seen .
it was as if the lid had been pulled off something dark and writhing : a place of derangement and fury and utter viciousness ; and , in a time of scary things , it was the most frightening thing richard had seen .
i did n't even listen to the songs ) , and the next thing you know i was managing a rock band of my own , the diamonds of flame .
he 'd talk to gwennie first thing tomorrow morning ... that was when the noises started .
` ` the next thing that happened to me , was when the angel lucifer came to my cell .
' you must find who was responsible for this , and how ; and take the vengeance of the name on whosoever caused this thing to happen . '
he 'd never felt a thing , not the hand of a ghost or a shiver , not a lick on his neck as he passed .
he watched emily kick the unraked leaves along the sidewalk , setting up small tornadoes as her mother looked straight ahead , not even aware that she was missing this one small , wonderful thing .
however , an odd , unsettling thing happened as soon as mallon and urdang reached the outskirts of the village .
the hundred - tooth thing is a parlor trick of multiplication . ''
that 's the saddest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the next thing , the door to my stall flew open and he was standing there .
the only good thing about this morning was that the same courier turned up with another parcel of rings .
she and i were both working in our father 's bakery , which i thought was a pleasant enough thing to do while i was waiting to find a husband .
stephen was all ready to cancel the whole thing , but i put on a sad face and told him i 'd spent all morning in the kitchen , cooking up my special deviled eggs , and why could n't the two of us have a nice day ?
i 'd come this close to dying and the only sure thing i learned from the experience was i wanted more : more life , more sex , more new places ... ` ` so i used up all the frequent - flyer miles i 'd accrued over the years in my job .
maybe it was just a thing she did to me .
in my research i found a precedent for this migration : the same thing happened with telepathy .
some cult thing on the internet .
this kind of thing had happened too many times before ; i would wait another ten minutes and then make my way , undaunted , back to my hotel .
hayley started finishing a novella he 'd been talking about , a weird thing in which the detective 's dreams informed his case .
the last thing you saw was a tiny hand at the bottom of the frame , then some blank leader , followed by the words ` ` the maiden flight of mccauley 's bellerophon ( 1901 ) . ''
and the whole thing began again .
the same thing , the exact same thing ! ''
in temeraire 's opinion , this was quite absurd ; if the japanese wished to be anxious and imagine dreadful things happening , when no - one had done anything to them at all - bar taking a few trees which they had not been busy to use anyway - that was their affair .
` ` i know it is quite odd , when he does not remember someone 's name , or a thing which happened in front of him , and quite lately ; but you can not say he is not better . ''
temeraire had tried to assure laurence that he would do splendidly , that there could be nothing wanting in his performance , but of course , temeraire had not suspected that there would be assassins throwing bombs at him , and treacherous dragons abducting him ; he had not expected such things in china , of all places .
laurence hoped that they would not find any condemning evidence of british involvement - a wretched , cowering thing to be forced to hope for .
and not , as one might learn of such a thing aboard a ship - not by whispered ship 's gossip , and eavesdropping through her wooden walls , and one suspicious circumstance laid upon another like bricks to make a wall of certainty .
these , individually , as far as fat charlie was concerned , were none of them the worst thing about fat charlie 's father , although each of them had contributed to the worst thing .
these , individually , as far as fat charlie was concerned , were none of them the worst thing about fat charlie 's father , although each of them had contributed to the worst thing .
chapter two which is mostly about the things that happen after funerals fat charlie puffed his way through the memorial garden of rest , squinting at the florida sunshine .
you want to know the strangest thing ? ''
` ` the strangest thing , '' said rosie , ` ` is that it sounded like you . ''
he had practically convinced himself by now that what had happened , what he thought had happened , in mrs . dunwiddy 's front room had been some form of hallucination , a high - octane dream , true on some level but not a real thing .
` ` there was a thing on the news the other day , '' said rosie , ` ` about a bird who saved a man 's life . ''
and you know , '' said spider , ` ` there 's something wrong with this whole thing . ''
true thing , that . ''
charlie had always wanted to make up songs , but he never did , mostly because of the conviction that if he ever had written a song , someone would have asked him to sing it , and that would not have been a good thing , much as death by hanging would not be a good thing .
` ` this is , without a doubt , the coolest thing to ever happen to me . ''
the first thing i noticed was a tattoo of the grim reaper 's scythe .
of course , there was one thing i knew for certain .
` ` i know one thing , '' lindsay said .
a moment passed in silence , and then ryan did the most amazing thing .
i must have closed my eyes and drifted to sleep ( bad camille ) because the next thing i knew , a cold wet rag was pressed against my cheek .
last thing i remembered , i 'd been crumpled on the floor .
` ` an agent saw the entire thing .
still in his line of sight , erik witnessed the entire thing .
they have never heard of such a thing .
i informed the trial sponsor , immari research , that i would be leaving , and the funniest thing happened . ''
we found the same thing when we sequenced the denisovan genome .
she was n't sure where to start , but one thing martin had said still bothered her : the plague had infected over a billion within twenty - four hours .
it 's crazy , but it 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
from the tree - ring samples , we see the same thing in 1257 : a volcanic winter that lasted for over a year .
the last thing i remember was going back into the ship .
across the straits , she knew the same thing was happening in gibraltar , with the rock of gibraltar casting the shadows there .
given there 's no such thing as wall street anymore either .
man with a van , that sort of thing .
then they got rid of the helmets and goggles and made the whole thing about a thousand times more convincing and all you had to do was get in a bed .
when i was a lad , sitting on a pew not much more comfortable than this one , in a church pretty much just like this , the most terrifying thing to me in the whole wide world was not death , or the wages of wickedness , or the wrath of the almighty lord .
silverware , candlesticks , white - coated waiters , white linen tablecloth , violinist , the whole thing .
that kind of thing used to happen .
he 's a big motor buff - cars , bikes , drag racing , that sort of thing .
when this sort of thing happened , but with her breath caught in a fear - constricted grip , all she could do was let out a high - pitched whine .
rather than getting wet first thing tomorrow and being soaked all day . ''
one thing i ' ve learned when things look fine - shit happens ! ''
jenny noted one thing immediately .
greer met matt 's gaze , then did the oddest thing .
` ` this thing looks almost viral , '' she mumbled .
` ` but that 's not the most amazing thing , '' norman said , drawing both maggie 's and sam 's attention .
` ` but that 's not the most amazing thing . ''
the same thing happens to basalt when it comes in close contact with the energized crystal .
first thing tomorrow morning , when the satellites are overhead , we can relay a message to the others and make sure they 're okay . ''
but the second thing kouwe noted was of more immediate menace , something carried by one of the soldiers .
then the oddest thing happened - mask jerked and let her go .
lorna tried to fathom such a thing .
thinking such a thing might be possible now , she watched him stride silently across the carpeted cabin , returning to his seat .
the guild operative met his gaze - then did the oddest thing .
then he did the oddest thing .
gray pulled rachel tighter into his arms , fearful of what would happen next , certain of only one thing .
as darkness folded over him , he would have no answer to his question , but he alone heard one last thing .
but they 're all certain about one thing . ''
the next thing gray knew , ollie was straddling him , holding his smoking weapon .
` ` darnedest thing , '' huld said .
since we thwarted their efforts on that island , they 're not going to sit idly by and let the same thing happen again .
it is too high a price , even for life everlasting , which now seems a horrible thing . ''
` ` one thing goes weird and you think the whole ecosystem 's crashing .
now we ' ve got these new bastards , and it 's the same damn thing all over again . ''
the thing is , you look at the broadcasts holden makes , he talks about finding it with a mars navy beacon and no crew . ''
` ` anyplace they land , the locals will have a heads - up and a tracking number for the dos santos thing . ''
it had been the most complex , difficult feat of mass - scale engineering humanity had ever accomplished until the next thing they did .
even considering everything that had happened to them over the past month , naomi up onstage with a mic in one hand and some sort of fuchsia martini in the other , screaming out an angry belt - punk anthem by the moldy filters , was the strangest thing he 'd ever seen .
fred began laughing in earnest , either at the terrible drawing or at the absurdity of the whole thing .
` ` well , if this polanski thing turns out to be nothing , you have my permission to go make us a million dollars at the card tables .
holden whistled a loud and jaunty tune as he walked , to let his crew and whoever was following them know he was n't worried about a thing .
he sat silently , willing the thing before him not to be true , trying to force himself awake .
` ` dying is the best thing that could happen to that guy today .
` ` what was that thing with amos all about ? ''
` ` this whole thing ... they were improvising . ''
good f**king thing i did n't waste time with that pipe , though . ''
it was such a rare thing , and so utterly private that it approached the spiritual .
this is the most important thing to ever happen to the human race .
` ` it was a close thing , even for us , '' holden replied .
for another thing , one of them 's holden , and if he has n't already broadcast the whole thing on every empty frequency , he will soon .
` ` you guys seeing the same thing ? ''
neither thing happened all that often .
this sort of thing is just going to happen more and more often , you know . ''
the alliance between earth and its upstart brother had been an eternal , unshakable thing once .
` ` i mean , all that fancy high - tech gear strapped on everywhere , and the one thing they do n't allow for is scratching your balls .
it must be , because dru had just had her baby , and he- '' ` ` i ' m wondering because the one thing no one outside of ganymede seems to know is how this '' -holden gestured around him- '' all got started . ''
suri was pointing and gesturing and retelling the grand adventure of finding a common worm in the mud as if it were a thing of epics .
he 's thinking that the martians are behind the thing .
one thing goes wrong , and there 's only a few compensatory pathways that can step in .
she could see that if she just stopped now , she 'd be an odd thing that happened and everyone could go back to work and quickly forget her .
so tell me about the credits thing . ''
the mating dance was now only the second most interesting thing happening at the bar .
it certainly would n't be the strangest thing that 'd happened over the last twenty - four hours .
the worst thing was he ate cookies all day .
if he was in there and doing nothing more than grabbing an early beer , she 'd just walk up to him , apologize for the cookie thing , and buy him his second round .
the first thing bobbie thought was how hard it would be to clean , and the second thing was that the difficulty was intentional .
` ` this , '' avasarala said , ` ` is the first genuinely good thing that 's happened since we got on this floating whorehouse .
you see the same thing in ferns . ''
was that a thing we knew about ? ''
it was n't the ending of one thing that left holden terrified .
the detonation was the loudest thing david had ever heard , less a sound than a physical blow .
the whole thing had been like having a very long , pleasant , but kind of boring dream .
people notice that kind of thing . ''
whole thing got tracked by a double - encrypted black net as hard to break as anything that the loca greiga or golden bough had on offer .
you see a room full of bones , only thing you know is something got killed .
` ` this seems like the kind of thing i 'll need a drink for , '' she said .
the thing that surprised her , the one she had n't seen coming , was how everyone on the cerisier was ready to put ren 's disappearance at the foot of the ring .
he tried pa and got the same thing .
once the signal got back to the belt and the inner planets , it was going to be the only thing anyone talked about .
she 'd watched the whole thing unfold in her quarters , sitting cross - legged on her crash couch , her hand terminal seeking information from any feed .
next thing i know monica 's got a gig doing this doc about you and the ring .
` ` this thing where you always have to be the guy who goes ... '' ` ` i 'll never know why the protomolecule is talking to me until i get there , face - to - face . ''
she hoped neither thing affected it .
so the thing is , as long as there 's a shitload of high energy floating around , the station 's not going to get comfortable .
this is n't the kind of thing we get to take a second shot at , though .
if we 'd had our suits , now- '' ` ` thing is , '' bull said .
it was the sort of thing she only noticed now .
the rest of the trip to the elevator was a thing carved from nightmares .
` ` so that thing where we power down the ship and save everyone ?
holden , having now moved on to his second last stand of the day , had come to view the whole thing with a weary sense of humor .
` ` eat you from inside out , '' jori warned , as if this were the most normal thing in the world to state .
in the pearly light that came before the dawn , one other thing happened that went unnoticed , meaningless to anyone but those involved .
cruel 's a terrible thing to be . ''
the last thing he could recall clearly was wriggling on his elbows and knees through a crawl space almost too narrow for him , hydrospanner held in his teeth , to retune a power coupling for the third time .
` ` seriously , though , i 'll get chewie to pull that out first thing , '' han said .
` ` this thing with jabba ?
the universe was a big place , and strange things happened there .
` ` i do n't want to - '' ` ` because it 's a funny thing , '' she said .
` ` the thing where we start sniping at each other .
` ` what was the other thing ? ''
havelock watched them all , waiting for the next thing to go wrong .
again , some distant and still calm part of his brain thought , marveling at how often this sort of thing seemed to happen .
the funny thing was that havelock had been the only earther in a belter society , and more than once .
` ` that she 's leaving this planet is the only good thing that 's happened since we came .
holden held his breath , sure the next thing they heard would be a gunshot .
the sensor array on the israel 's showing about the same thing . ''
see if maybe there 's a common structure between that '' - she nodded at the butterfly - ` ` and the big thing in the desert .
the only thing that would have made it better was naomi there with him , or at least back safe on the roci .
the only violent thing happening within line of sight was a mimic lizard slowly dragging a stomach - engulfed bird back through its gullet .
it was like the half - awareness of trauma , the doomed patience of being assaulted and knowing the only thing that would end it was the mercy of the attacker .
when would they have found time to have a thing ?
` ` about that dead cat thing ... '' ` ` yeah ? ''
` ` the only thing i ' m going to be the face of is a long , slow death that everyone in the system can watch and be glad they are n't here . ''
that 's the biggest thing since we came here .
` ` this is the most important thing that 's happened to me in my life , '' she said .
` ` so thing is ? ''
posit a frightened exobiologist four meters off the ground and a violent , predatory security man in a direct line from her at points a , b , and c. at point d , the predator had a refused connection with a lag time just under two - tenths of a second because the goddam fucking processing lag was swamping the signal time and making the whole thing ... only it would be the same lag , would n't it ?
the hydroponics will fail out , or there 'll be another thing like that eye - eating goop only they wo n't happen to have a treatment for it ready to hand , or one of the attack moons will drop out of the sky .
` ` you love that thing at the end where you gloat . ''
` ` weirdest thing .
` ` well , i was just released from the hospital , and the thing is ... i have n't been able to locate my wallet .
i 'll be coming by first thing in the morning to pick them up .
had n't the poet carl sandburg written about this very thing ?
` ` sorry , i- '' ` ` what happened to ' first thing ' ? ''
he could see into the corridor again , and the first thing he spotted was the splash of auburn hair down nurse pam 's back .
ethan wanted to tell her that the same thing had happened to him , but he could n't open his mouth to speak , the drug plowing through his system like a rogue wave , engulfing him .
but a strange thing happened .
she 's known this was coming , thought she 'd prepared herself as much as one can for such a thing , but seeing him in the flesh - his fear , his panic , his despair - she has to bite her lip to stop herself from screaming out to him .
even from this third - floor window , ethan could n't miss the quaking that had enveloped her , the all - encompassing fear that consumes a person who knows exactly what horrible thing they 're about to experience .
how could such a thing exist ?
the other four arrived and within ten seconds they were all howling like a choir in mourning , ethan growing cold as he stood motionless on the ledge listening , his sweat cooling on his skin and the remnants of blood from that thing drying on his face like tiny scabs .
` ` the difficulties with ethan were the last thing i ever wanted .
` ` tomorrow morning first thing , i will castrate you , cauterize the wound with a blow torch , and then go to work on your upper body .
` ` there was no such thing in 2012 . ''
ethan fed in five shells , racked one into the chamber , and set the hammer to half - cocked - the closest thing to a safety on this beautiful dinosaur of a weapon .
mr . pilcher and pam will have surveillance reports on their desks first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` here 's the thing , marcus , and i do n't want you to ever forget it .
and the strangest thing happened - her response made him love her more .
and last , he dreamed of the most terrifying thing he 'd seen in a long chain of terrifying things .
and last , he dreamed of the most terrifying thing he 'd seen in a long chain of terrifying things .
and the scary thing was he had n't even considered his answer .
it 's been a lonely couple of years since i woke up in pines , and that 's why meeting harold and now all of you - people who i can share real moments with - is the best thing that 's happened to me in a very long time . ''
to go from that brilliant sliver of freedom last night back to the day - to - day enslavement that defined life in wayward pines must be a crushing thing , he thought .
the strangest thing was that pilcher had been right .
the last thing he hears before slipping under is pam 's voice cutting through the hysteria , shouting , ` ` what the f**k are those things ? ''
` ` ethan , not to complain , but i ca n't see a thing down here . ''
as if it was made for this very thing .
the collective grief was a tangible thing .
worst thing that can happen is a surprise ambush .
the very first thing he did was look down .
` ` we 're booking you on a flight out of sea - tac first thing .
the last thing she saw as the light went away was the room beyond the bars packed wall to wall with abbies and one of them kneeling down in front of the lock , trying to dig its talon into the keyhole .
` ` you go out there at night , the only thing that 's going to happen is you 'll get eaten .
` ` same thing happened to me . ''
i 'll take a team down in the morning first thing to finish them off . ''
crazy thing is we knew each other in our lives before .
it was a nice thing to sit and watch a child with a kite , and it was the first morning in days , maybe weeks , that did n't feel like winter .
i ca n't see the whole thing .
` ` i ' ve n - n - n - never seen such a thing .
the last thing kendra remembered , gavin had been trying to force her into the knapsack .
chapter two reunion for kendra sorenson , there was no such thing as total darkness anymore .
` ` i ' ve never seen such a thing , '' grandpa breathed , reaching for the door .
the only thing that would make her jealous would be if i led a parade riding a unicorn while ballerinas sang love songs . ''
` ` last thing i did was press a button on the chronometer , '' patton said in a confidential tone , nodding to the sphere seth was carrying .
next thing i know , i wake up in the dead of night , during the chill before dawn .
the same thing happened two more times , the final point coming from a shot that put a spin on the ball so it curved into the goal .
i ca n't believe i missed the coolest thing anyone has ever seen , seth complained , losing control of the blocks after two tosses .
why have n't we heard this thing before ?
i noticed the same thing .
this thing , it is an insult against the others , whom we know do not follow their oaths . ''
` ` yes , we saw this thing , '' rock said .
how did you know this thing would happen ? ''
i had not heard of such a thing . ''
it was gon na be this grand thing and such .
` ` thing is , in a lot of situations , being an important lighteyes is useless . ''
that does n't change a single storming thing in life .
` ` we did n't have this sort of thing in jah keved . ''
do i need to report every little thing i do ? ''
it was the most bizarre thing she 'd ever seen .
* * * the strangest thing about this experience , in adolin 's estimation , was n't wearing his father 's old armor .
` ` i expected , '' kaladin said , trying to sort through it all , ` ` the thing to be ...
that seemed the sorta thing a voidbringer would lie about .
this sorta thing never ended well .
she 's the only beautiful thing that has happened in my life .
` ` the thing i asked you about ? ''
nearby , gears on dalinar 's bridge mechanism turned as soldiers twisted levers , and the entire thing started to unfold .
` ` the thing ... with the ... um , stuff ? ''
` ` sounds like a storming stupid thing to have , '' kaladin said , fishing in his pocket for his other spheres .
the sort of thing nobody should have to watch , especially a boy of six . ''
` ` that was , '' shallan said , her head near his , ` ` the most surreal thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` the interesting thing , however , was what happened if she continued working , '' shallan said .
it did sound kind of romantic , the sort of thing you 'd read of in a novel .
` ` i ca n't set up that sort of thing remotely , dalinar . ''
` ` i can prevent it , but the awful thing ... it might be best for everyone if it does happen . ''
adolin focused , dueling the best he could , but he was a child before this thing .
` ` that is a thing that i know .
` ` that sort of thing ? ''
` ` what is the number one thing people die from in the desert ? ''
is that such a horrible thing to hope for ? ''
my favorite thing in the trading cities . ''
if people believed they 'd seen the real thing , then they would come .
he had n't known such a thing existed .
he 'd been waiting for the same thing .
betraying fellow reboots is the worst thing i ' ve seen at this reservation .
* * * the first thing i noticed on the staging level before we reached the wider staircase that spiraled down , before we encountered again the words written on the wall ... the tower was breathing .
just get through this last thing , and you 'll see the sunlight soon .
it 's not the thing in the tunnel or the way you conduct yourself or anything the psychologist did .
it was just after i had left the village that a peculiar thing happened .
no matter how long area x had existed , and how many expeditions had come here , i could tell from these accounts that for years before there had ever been a border , strange things had happened along this coast .
but i did remember one thing , now : where i had seen the molted mask before - the psychologist from the eleventh expedition , a man i had seen interviewed after his return across the border .
death , as i was beginning to understand it , was not the same thing here as back across the border .
` ` this is a natural thing , '' and realized she would n't understand that i was referring to the brightness .
i wanted to say that i was a natural thing , too , but i did n't know the truth of that - and none of this was helping plead my case anyway .
i : there 's one strange thing in all of this .
or maybe his mood was always resigned to whatever new thing came next .
the only thing is : i do n't know why you would do it . ''
waiting for this new thing .
and , such a relief , when i followed him , the weight of being the eldest lifted from me - that was a rare thing , even bdd .
it is not an easy thing for me to walk through ambergris these days , but there is also comfort : why , she said , her heart breaking a little , there are so many friends to visit , even if they are all in the ground .
the funny thing is , the green fungus that has colonized my typewriter and makes it harder and harder to complete this afterword has also begun to infiltrate my wooden foot .
' a certain thing hath come to pass , ' he told me sadly .
' truly a wondrous thing , master , ' belzedar said , looking a bit puzzled , ' but still i fail to understand .
i quickly discovered that it 's a fine thing to have a tail .
anyway , the twins and i left the vale and started north the first thing the next morning .
it 's an eerie thing to watch morindim getting up in the winter .
that 's a customary thing among primitive people .
i did know one thing , though .
' what an amazing thing .
it 's the sort of thing you remember .
what an amazing thing ! '
' what an amazing thing ! '
what an amazing thing that was !
people are not particularly interested in listening to stories first thing in the morning , so i took up begging on street - corners as a sideline .
what a peculiar thing to give to pol . '
i 'd grown so accustomed to that sort of thing that whenever i saw something unusual , i just shrugged it off as another hallucination .
i was rather pleased about mar terrin , since the greedy merchants who 'd started the whole thing were , to a man , among the first monks who were sent there to comfort the ghosts of the slaughtered marags .
ontrose looked a little startled , but pol was used to that sort of thing .
despite the fact that people are intellectually aware of sorcery , when the real thing happens right in front of their eyes , it tends to upset them .
i suppose i should have known that zedar had been behind the whole thing right from the start .
' the only thing people are going to see is a humorous fellow in a rickety cart . '
' what is this mrin thing you people keep talking about ? '
` ` aloria is one '' , ` ` cursed be the children of the dragon god '' , ` ` belar rules '' - that sort of thing . '
his death was the thing that opened garion 's mind and set him on the course to where he is right now .
we 're getting close to the birth of the godslayer , and that might be the thing that wakes torak up . '
i was almost positive that even if he 'd been awake , torak would n't have responded , since this particular wedding and its ultimate outcome was most definitely not the sort of thing to fill the one - eyed god with rejoicing and good will .
' if the twins are right , that 's probably the most significant thing to happen since vo mimbre .
a death in the family 's not the sort of thing you just let slide , and polgara has always taken these things very hard .
' i thought it was pure nonsense , but now that i see how he ended this thing , i can see what he was driving at .
the appeal to poledra 's innate sense of pack loyalty might very well be the one thing to turn the trick .
' what an amazing thing , ' i murmured .
even i was startled when the first thing the master did was come directly to me , saying , ' my beloved daughter . '
' it 's a sort of military contest involving archery contests , mock sword - fights , axe throwing , jousting matches - that sort of thing . '
people who pretend to perform magic are always very startled when they encounter the real thing .
' i ' ve just come from vo wacune , and the same thing 's been going on there - and probably in vo mimbre as well .
` ` this is a wondrous thing , lady polgara , ' his thought responded .
' t is a rare thing t ' find a lady so gifted with th ' language , ' someone behind me said in a thick wacite brogue .
' what an unnatural thing to suggest . '
' what an odd thing , ' asrana noted thoughtfully .
' t was a wondrous thing t ' behold . '
' well , if he is , the same thing that 's going to happen to nerasin will happen to him .
you 'll go through the same thing you went through when beldaran died , and that very nearly killed you , as i recall . '
anyway , torak has the idea that one thing 's going to happen , and our gods believe that it 's going to be something else . '
' believe me , layna , i ' ve seen this sort of thing in the past .
i ' ve talked things over with your father , and the first thing tomorrow morning , geran 's going to start out on his new career . '
' very well , your grace , ' i said rather coldly , ' i 'll show you what the angaraks did to drasnia , and then i 'll leave it up to you to decide if you 'd like to have the same thing happen here . '
what an amazing thing !
' coming face to face with torak - even if he ca n't see me - is n't the sort of thing i look forward to . '
' what an amazing thing , ' beldin said sardonically .
' this asharak fellow 's leading her down that very same path , and the very same thing will happen .
' what an unnatural thing to suggest , ' he murmured .
' funny thing about that slate , ' darral said .
that was the only good thing to come out of the whole affair . '
' what an amazing thing . '
it 's the most natural thing in the world , and nobody 's going to recognize me .
it could be just more of the same kind of thing that 's been going on for years , but i do n't really think so .
it is my thought that this thing the man - things call ` ` war '' is a very great wickedness . '
' the thing which the man - things call war is like the thing which happens when two troll - packs come to hunt on the same range . '
' the thing which the man - things call war is like the thing which happens when two troll - packs come to hunt on the same range . '
' this thing the man - things call ` ` war '' is like the hunting of thought .
' about the only thing that might cause us any trouble would be if we stumbled across a helpful cynesgan patrol and they decided to escort us back to that caravan we ' ve been following for the last few days , ' mirtai observed .
' pity , ' ulath murmured , ' but that 's the sort of thing you have to expect when a good man gets religion . '
' what an amazing thing , ' ulath said with a straight face .
anyway , sparhawk 's been looking for an opportunity to kill me for twenty years or so , and that 's the sort of thing that puts a very fine edge on a man 's instincts . '
' from what aphrael told me , the others have encountered the same thing .
' i ' ve tried it when i was dead drunk and the same thing happens .
the same thing happened to baron parok . '
' the same thing 's happening to krager .
i speak from a certain amount of experience on the subject , since almost exactly the same thing happened to me .
' the whole thing was at about the same level as you 'd find at a country fair - one that 's held a long way from the nearest town . '
we ' ve all been through exactly the same thing .
i thought i 'd step inside to get my breath , and the first thing i saw in there was a familiar face .
' what an amazing thing , ' he said .
it 's not a pleasant thing to contemplate .
' we use them to clear away inconveniences - underbrush , trees , obstructionist officials , that sort of thing . '
' snakes , lizards , scorpions - that sort of thing . '
there was indeed such a thing as ' delphaeic magic ' , and so far as sparhawk could tell , it went further and into areas where styrics were unable or unwilling to venture .
you believe that one thing happened , and we believe that something else took place .
suppose i slip into town and have a look - ask a few questions , find out what we 're riding into - the usual sort of thing . '
' your wife 's probably been teaching him a few tricks - ` ` roll over '' , ` ` play dead '' , ` ` sit up and beg '' - that sort of thing . '
the language it uses is archaic and profoundly formal - thee 's and thou 's and that sort of thing .
' what an amazing thing , ' sparhawk replied with feigned astonishment .
' where he came from , what he did before he set up shop , that sort of thing ? '
' it was the sort of thing one sees in second - rate carnivals , learned one , ' talen explained .
' we ' ve passed the whole thing off as a routine , meaningless meeting of the council - all formality and no substance . '
' is n't that a blunt sort of thing to say , oscagne ? '
' is this the sort of thing you were talking about earlier ? '
one thing had led to another , and the end result had been this impromptu training session , during which kalten and khalad learned humility , if nothing else .
the same sort of thing 's been happening here . '
an appeal from one government to another is one thing , but an appeal from his majesty 's government to a private citizen on another continent is quite another .
when we encountered this sort of thing in pelosia , sephrenia told us that only the gods were capable of that . '
' first thing tomorrow morning .
' we ' ve noticed the same sort of thing , your grace .
' and i spoke with a man who 'd just come up on deck , and he had n't seen or felt a thing , ' sparhawk added .
' do you keep track of every single thing that 's happening around you ? '
' is n't that the most ridiculous thing you ' ve ever seen in your life ? '
' i have to admit , though , that when they absorbed astel into their empire , it was the best thing that ever happened to us .
the same sort of thing could happen at the same time in two different places and still be a coincidence , but when you get up to five or ten different occurrences , coincidence sort of goes out the window .
this current upheaval involving ayachin and the one they call sabre here in astel is almost exactly duplicated in the kingdom of lamorkand in eosia , and ambassador oscagne assures us that the same sort of thing 's erupting in other daresian kingdoms as well .
i ' m fairly sure we 'll find the same sort of thing in edom , daconia , arjuna and cynesga .
' it was the sort of thing you 'd expect - a masked man in black on a black horse outlined against the sky - silliest thing i ever saw .
' it was the sort of thing you 'd expect - a masked man in black on a black horse outlined against the sky - silliest thing i ever saw .
that sort of thing ? '
it got to the point that there was no such thing in atan as a mild disagreement .
' what an astonishing thing , ' vanion said .
' it 's a different kind of thing , danae , ' the atana told her .
the amazing thing is that he 's managed to keep it a secret from everybody in his government .
' it 's not the sort of thing you 'd expect to hear noised about on the streets . '
' and the beautiful part about the whole thing is that we can make all of our preparations right out in the open without sneaking around at night and losing all that sleep .
that 's a terrifying sort of thing to contemplate .
one thing we saw in all the vast confusion which now clouded the book of the heavens .
' there are a few - fur - trappers , gold - hunters , that sort of thing . '
that 's an odd thing to say about a wolf . '
' why , your majesties , ' velvet said , all wide - eyed innocence , ' what a thing to suggest . '
' first thing tomorrow morning , why do n't we go see that old man , dallan ?
they were weaving , and that 's the sort of thing that tends to make people a little less than alert .
torak 's left eye had been destroyed by the power of the orb , and now the same thing had happened to the dragon .
' what a shocking thing to suggest . '
rewards cause that sort of thing sometimes .
he 's not really prepared for this sort of thing . '
' the same thing happened to me on the way to cthol mishrak .
' that was the accident , the thing that divided the universe .
now , i ' m certain that you can raise your hand and wiggle your fingers at me , but now i know how to recognize that sort of thing .
what an amazing thing . ''
it was the sort of thing one might associate with belgarion - strange lights in the sky , explosions , that sort of thing . ''
it was the sort of thing one might associate with belgarion - strange lights in the sky , explosions , that sort of thing . ''
` ` i get the feeling that this is not the sort of thing you can get ready for , garion . ''
he said that we should be alert for that kind of thing . ''
about all we 'll find out here are the estates of the very wealthy - retired businessmen , nobles , that sort of thing .
` ` what an amazing thing . ''
` ` getting killed is the sort of thing that might tend to make one 's memory wander just a bit . ''
` ` it 's a hodgepodge of old idols , religious artifacts , and that sort of thing . ''
the shrine was in a valley up in the mountains , and there was a grotto and an altar and that sort of thing . ''
is n't that the sort of thing that starts a war ? ''
the meeting of the two was the sort of thing nightmares are made of .
most of the time we 're able to avoid the kind of thing that happened this morning .
` ` this is not a natural thing , '' she said nervously as she limped along at his side .
` ` household goods , tools , bolts of cloth , foodstuffs - that sort of thing . ''
first thing tomorrow morning , though , things are going to start getting noisy . ''
` ` i have observed the same thing myself in times past .
` ` fire 's the only thing elephants are really afraid of .
her tone was so familiar and so commonplace that he began to laugh , and the little surge of his will that he directed at the candle was a stuttering sort of thing .
` ` he was also a god , zakath -and killing a god is a terrible thing to have to do . ''
there are so many breakable things about -windows , walls , houses , the city of rak hagga- that sort of thing . ''
he had been through this sort of thing before and knew how tedious it usually became .
` ` the only thing i can think of is that somehow he 's managed to raise a demon lord and get it under control . ''
` ` the surprising thing is that brador is probably aware of most of what 's going on , '' the blond girl told them .
about the only unusual thing i ' ve noticed is that she never talks about geran anymore . ''
and then he tells me a very strange thing , which i have not yet put the meanin ' to , he tells me that the road between calida and mal yaska is thick with messengers goin ' to and fro , hither and yon .
` ` anyway , after vo mimbre , there are still a few of them left -new recruits , veterans who 'd been wounded in earlier battles and sent home , that sort of thing .
` ` that 's the sort of thing i do n't pay too much attention to , i guess . ''
if our friend down there is so confident , it probably means that he 's going to create an illusion -since nobody 's been able to produce the real thing lately .
i spent most of yesterday under a haystack with toad - face 's daughter.and i know it was n't the day before , because i got drunk that day and i do n't remember a thing that happened after midmorning . ''
` ` i think it 's fairly safe to say that this meeting was the thing that was supposed to happen here at prolgu , '' he said , ` ` so i expect that it 's time for us to move along .
the only reason there 's such a thing as morning in the first place is to keep night and afternoon from bumping into each other . ''
` ` it was a chilling thing to see . ''
` ` what an extraordinary thing !
` ` there 's one other thing you should all know , '' polgara added quietly .
` ` this sort of thing might be contagious , and i would n't want you to catch it . ''
` ` you have n't missed a thing , '' beldin said sourly .
` ` what a curious thing , '' he murmured , his eyes taking on that peculiarly abstracted look .
` ` garion , '' she said firmly , ` ` in our particular family there 's no such thing as a private problem .
i need to talk with beldin -see if he knows anything about this zandramas thing . ''
` ` the same thing that 's always going on in the outlying districts . ''
all sorts of strange things are beginning to surface -rebellions , new religions , that kind of thing . ''
` ` they were bickering over something quite unimportant , and one thing led to another .
` ` send the pair of them to me first thing in the- ` ` the medallion he always wore gave a peculiar little twitch , and he broke off what he was saying , startled by the flutter against his chest .
` ` what an amazing thing .
the first thing the following morning , garion went down into the city and called on the rivan deacon in the temple of belar .
a peculiar thing happened as he read it again .
` ` the ashaba thing .
and then the one thing that had not occurred to any of them happened .
` ` it 's a sad thing to watch , '' queen porenn noted as she joined him .
water keeps moving around -wind , tides , that sort of thing . ''
the usual sort of thing happened , and i was the result .
' there were a few incidental murders , assorted thefts , robberies , extortions , burglaries , arson , smuggling , highway robbery , cattle - rustling , pillaging a couple of monasteries , operating unlicensed brothels - that sort of thing . '
once our generals and master kurik have gathered up our home guard , i think a few short speeches from you might go a long way towards firing them up - appeals to their patriotism , denunciations of the church soldiers , a few veiled references to the perfidy of the primate annias , that sort of thing . '
regrettable , perhaps , but that sort of thing happens now and then . '
' not a thing , i ' m afraid , ' tynian said , ' except maybe pray for rain . '
we were fighting a delaying action in the meetings of hierocracy , manipulating votes , kidnapping patriarchs - that sort of thing .
i think we should go into session first thing tomorrow morning .
i do n't want to wish the king of pelosia any bad luck , but is n't this a lucky sort of thing to have happen just now ? '
when people are on a journey , they usually start out first thing in the morning - about the same time that other people are going to work .
everybody goes through the same thing - if he 's lucky . '
for some reason , i dreamed every single thing that happened in the temple of azash in zemoch .
` ` this thing you saw , '' she said seriously .
now , there 's a place where things really happen .
might i point out , however , that should his grace ascend to the archprelacy , he 's going to have to modify his position - or at least learn to look the other way when this sort of thing happens .
only thing was that there was a hull lot more of them there zemochs than there was thalesians .
` ` first thing in the morning , take talen out into the courtyard and search him - thoroughly .
` ` i ' ve heard awful stories about places before , and they usually turned out to be about things that had happened generations before . ''
` ` we heard some of the same sort of thing back in venne , '' sparhawk said .
` ` that 's a rather horrible thing to suggest , sparhawk , '' tynian said .
` ` it 's a painful thing to hope for the death of a loved one , sir ulath , but god help me , i find that i do . ''
this is the sort of thing we want lots of privacy for . ''
it 's not really the sort of thing you want to make a habit of .
funniest thing i ever saw .
is n't that a strange thing to happen to someone in my profession ?
' thieves , beggars , a few murderers probably - that sort of thing . '
' you might be able to deal with them at that , but that sort of thing gets noisy , and the madame would probably send for the watch .
' arrows , large rocks , burning pitch - that sort of thing . '
' basically , he 's a criminal - false coins , extortion , fraud , that sort of thing - but he 's weak .
' the church has tried for hundreds of years to stamp out that sort of thing , ' dolmant said sadly ' i think we stamped it out fairly completely in that part of arcium , ' sparhawk assured him .
' gruesome thing , is n't it ?
' you get used to it , and snow makes for good hunting - boars , stags , trolls , that sort of thing . '
' we 'll go with you , ' tynian said eagerly ' this whole thing will be easier if we can cut annias ' hands off here in madel . '
the same thing probably happened to the crew . '
' that 's not the sort of thing our escape route was designed to cope with , ' he admitted .
the soldiers at the cathedral door had been one thing .
when they come back , you 'll want them to start telling stories about all the terrible things the bug - people are doing to the ordinary peasants - eating them alive , pulling out their livers , having their eyeballs for dessert - that sort of thing .
` ` what an amazing thing , '' padan agreed .
` ` that 's the sort of thing i 'd expect from gunda , '' sub - commander padan , who was now sporting a beard , said .
` ` i ' m sure that she knows that , '' dahlaine said , ` ` but we ' ve seen this sort of thing before .
` ` we 'd better take a look at this ' cocoon ' thing . ''
` ` where 's this ' cocoon ' thing you mentioned ? ''
the one thing that startled balacenia - and all the other gods as well - was the appearance of the young longbow .
` ` what an unnatural sort of thing , '' red - beard said in mock disapproval .
there are some references to strangers in the myth - probably sorgan and narasan - and to some elemental forces - fire , water , wind - that sort of thing .
do they really think that they can predict every single thing that 's going to happen when they encounter their enemy ? ''
i would n't swear to it , but i think they use fruit or grain when they want to buy something - so many apples for a yard of wool and that sort of thing .
` ` what a clever thing to say , '' athlan declared sardonically .
` ` it 's not the sort of thing that happens overnight , athlan , '' zelana replied .
` ` there is one thing that 's got me just a bit puzzled , though .
then several things that had taken place near the falls of vash suddenly all fit together for trenicia , and she stared at the wife of the stodgy farmer omago in open astonishment .
tlantar felt that they were all getting excited about something that did n't really mean very much , but if they wanted to make a big thing out of it , that was up to them .
now , then , what 's this ' spear - thrower ' thing that everybody keeps talking about ? ''
` ` the same sort of thing happened all the time in the place where i grew up .
` ` if it happens up here at this end of the gorge , would n't the same thing happen farther on down ? ''
when those burlies pull the rope , the gate goes up so fast that if you blinked , you 'd miss the whole thing . ''
` ` the nice thing is that so far as we could tell , not one single bison was killed during their stampede . ''
if i remember correctly , the same sort of thing happened when the only living thing in the entire land of dhrall was grass .
` ` there 's one thing that our friends from other parts of the world do n't seem to realize , '' longbow continued .
' what an unnatural thing to suggest , aracia , ' i joked .
zelana 's doing what she can to calm him , but about the only thing that helps him is holding eleria 's hand . '
' what an unnatural sort of thing , ' narasan murmured to himself .
' strange things happen in strange country , torl , ' skell said .
` ` what a strange sort of thing , '' she said , blushing even harder .
being killed is one thing , but being eaten is quite another .
that sort of thing happens in maag all the time . ''
` ` it 's a very rare thing , '' red - beard agreed .
i ' ve been to places where you could n't go , and i can see things that you ca n't , but i still love and serve my homeland , and that 's all that 's really relevant , commander narasan .
i think we 'll want to leave here first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` does that sort of thing happen very often here in dhrall ? ''
` ` does this same sort of thing happen all along the coast , chief white - braid ? ''
my cousin skell 's got every maag in the fleet who knows the least bit about that sort of thing working on the forts near the bottom of the ravine . ''
` ` it 's the same thing , is n't it ?
` ` your friend on the other side of the ravine 's got a good eye for this sort of thing , keselo . ''
` ` i ' ve had the same thing happen to me a few times , '' longbow admitted .
` ` that 's a rare thing for a chief . ''
i ' ve got a hunch that something pretty big 's about to happen - maybe the sort of thing you 'd be involved in .
` ` the other morindim in the area watched the whole thing .
` ` i do n't think i should repeat what he said , lady polgara - but it was an awful thing to threaten a man with . ''
` ` and that 's the one thing we definitely want to avoid , '' king rhodar added .
` ` does that sort of thing happen very often ? ''
this will be no imaginary thing , child of light , for i can make all things happen .
this will be no imaginary thing , child of light , for i can make all things happen .
` ` i ' ve never been that partial to gruel first thing in the morning , '' silk replied .
` ` gruel 's the sort of thing a man has to work himself up to . ''
` ` what an absolutely astonishing thing , '' queen layla gasped .
what a silly thing to ask . ''
they had done it ; that was the amazing thing .
` ` it 's a very important thing for a man to learn about himself , garion , '' silk told him seriously .
we 're probably going to have to get out on the plain a ways to avoid that sort of thing . ''
` ` i know , '' belgarath replied , ` ` and that 's the one thing i ' ve wanted to avoid .
this sort of thing is n't permitted . ''
` ` what an amazing thing , '' barak replied , feigning a great show of astonishment .
` ` what an amazing thing , '' joran marvelled .
it was a pretty subtle thing , and even i could n't be sure if he had any part in it . ''
` ` i really do n't know too much about this sort of thing . ''
one thing led to another and finally torak struck my master and stole the orb . ''
moving rocks with your mind is n't the most natural thing in the world , if you stop and think about it . ''
` ` the only thing that would surprise me would be to find anything left when i get back , '' anheg retorted , collapsing in a chair .
` ` i did n't understand it at first myself , but i guess it 's the sort of thing that happens here in arendia .
since then we ' ve been dodging murgos and nyissans both - traveling at night , hiding - that sort of thing .
you 're the only one who can do what needs to be done , and it 's the most important thing that will ever happen - not just in this world but in all the worlds in all the universe .
` ` it is not an easy thing to confess , '' mandorallen was saying somberly .
` ` there 's one thing that 's absolutely forbidden .
toward the end , the whole thing had degenerated into a tedious repetition of ` ` spoiled brat '' and ` ` stupid peasant '' echoing endlessly back from the surrounding mountains .
` ` a thing i made when i was trying to discover the reason for mountains . ''
` ` i noticed the same thing , uncle , '' aunt pol said with a sweet little smile .
` ` if it does n't work , taur urgas is going to have silk roasting over a slow fire first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` smoke in arendia can mean but one thing , '' the knight replied , pulling on his plumed helmet .
the strange thing that had happened made him feel very much alone and more than a little frightened .
anyway , mandorallen and the lady exchanged glances - then words - the usual sort of thing . ''
` ` it must be a sad thing to believe so little , '' wolf observed .
` ` surely you do n't imagine that i enjoy that sort of thing ? ''
` ` have you ever heard of such a thing ? ''
it is a bitter thing to accept . ''
` ` it 's exactly the same thing , '' he said .
part one - sendaria chapter one the first thing the boy garion remebered was the kitchen at faldor 's farm .
garion had never heard of such a thing before .
` ` first thing tomorrow morning , '' he said .
` ` thing like that do n't happen in sendaria , '' durnik said firmly .
` ` it 's a passage about a league wide between the northern tip of sendaria and the southern end of the cherek peninsula - riptides , whirlpools , that sort of thing .
then a peculiar thing happened .
garion knew they were talking about the strange thing he had seen when barak had rescued him from the boar , and he wanted to ask aunt pol about it ; but the bitter drink she had given him pulled him down into a deep and dreamless sleep before tie could put the words together to ask the question .
` ` it 's a splendid thing to be brave , my garion , but try once in a while to think a little bit first .
a doom is some terrible thing that 's fated to happen to a man , and death 's not the worst thing there is . ''
a doom is some terrible thing that 's fated to happen to a man , and death 's not the worst thing there is . ''
` ` i heard you shouting , and the next thing i remember was the boar lying dead at my feet and you lying under that tree with his blood all over you .
` ` is this the sort of thing you might know more about than we would , polgara ? ''
` ` what an astonishing thing , '' anheg said again .
` ` it 's getting late , and i want to leave first thing in the morning .
` ` this kind of thing is n't usually isolated .
` ` it seems , for one reason or another , to be a single , unbroken line - no cousins or uncles or that kind of thing .
the usual sort of thing happened , and they got married .
i did n't mention the fact that neither of the ladies had contacted me about a time or place to meet , so miss holmes must have taken it upon herself to visit miss adler first thing in the morning .
` ` i d - do n't know wh - what happened to jemmy , but i ran and ran ... and the n - next thing i knew , i was lost ... and then the m - men found me .
the first thing i saw was my leg curved forward , directly behind his as my split skirt blustered wildly about .
` ` but the thing is ...
what awful thing are you talking about ?
the logical part of my brain knew such a thing could be faked , yet when an individual seems to be losing control beside one , it 's difficult to ignore .
and ... the strange thing is ... my feet .
this would be just the sort of thing pix would do to attract my attention .
` ` one thing i did find out in smithfield is that la societe has returned to london .
i 'll be with miss ashton today and tonight , but you shall have to relieve me first thing tomorrow .
but the next thing i knew , i was pummeled to the ground , tightly enveloped in the heavy fabric ... and smothered into darkness .
i need to sleep because mina insists i take over for her at willa ashton 's house first thing in the morning . ''
i really wished i had paid better attention in chemistry class back when there was such a thing .
` ` i really feel like we should watch this thing . ''
` ` that was the most amazing thing i think i ' ve ever seen , '' i said , hoping he 'd respond .
the first thing i saw was the fence that surrounded the property .
is that not the sweetest thing you ' ve ever seen in your entire life ? ''
we all probably knew at this point that it was n't the only thing he was going to miss .
` ` good thing i ' m not , then , '' he said smiling , moving his bike farther away .
she came up fighting , and the last thing i saw before the other guy was coming at me was a perfectly executed eye - gouge .
bodo watched the whole thing in silence .
the next thing i felt was his hand in my most intimate spot .
it 's a true thing . ''
it seemed like only a dangerous thing in this world , to be so weak and dependent on another person .
the roosters were crowing and the only thing that was going to un - ruffle their feathers was to let them get it out of their systems and decide once and for all who had the right to the bigger head in the swamp .
i wanted to see how far winky could and would go to win this thing .
` ` that is the most disgusting thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
i did n't want to make a scene , but i had to feel his skin one time before we started this thing .
the last thing i saw was peter 's skinny back turning the far corner behind us , before i turned right and followed the north wall to the east .
the next thing we heard was a big , juicy burp .
the first thing i noticed were the bodies - sleeping ones on the lounge chairs .
he 'd seen pretty much the most horrific thing i could possibly imagine a person having to endure .
` ` our own history shows the same kind of thing happening to our ancestors . ''
i ' m sure ... someone as smart as you '' - he was losing it , he was losing it - ` ` i mean , from what we know , you 're the kind of man who would n't be surprised to learn that humanity advances far enough for such a thing to happen someday .
dak knew there could be no doubt such a thing came from a distant future .
he thought that was just about the best thing ever .
a huge part of him thought it would be the most absurd thing ever to trust this woman and get in a coffin that was under her control .
the same thing appeared to be happening to the lady on the street .
what are those ... '' michael knew bryson had seen the same thing he had .
he had little patience for this sort of thing , catelyn knew .
` ` do they also say this is the last thing in the world i would have wished ? ''
yet in its own way , death is the most natural thing of all , lord eddard .
he had not spoken a word to her since the awful thing had happened , and she had not dared to speak to him .
` ` i swear the boy planned the whole thing .
it was the last thing he saw for a time .
the next thing i knew , i was sharing her bed .
the only thing his grace enjoys more than hunting is making war on lords who defy him . ''
` ` truth be told , none of my blood was actually shed , although it was a close thing once or twice .
one thing all the stories agreed on : king robert was dead .
the first thing she heard was the slam of the door .
when they told him that robb had been proclaimed king in the north , his rage had been a fearsome thing , and he had sent ser boros to beat her .
varys hooted as if that was the funniest thing he had ever heard , but there was no laughter in his eyes when he turned them on tyrion .
he still saw the wight in his dreams , dead othor with the burning blue eyes and the cold black hands , but that was the last thing sam needed to be reminded of .
` ` that thing 's not crimson , '' ser brynden said .
once , when lommy greenhands had the watch , she shimmied up an oak and moved from tree to tree until she was right above his head , and he never saw a thing .
it was an ill thing to burn the seven . ''
` ` next thing , you 'll want to be an outrider like grenn .
` ` a grievous thing when a great man grows old . ''
it was the easiest thing in the world to sprinkle a pinch of fine powder into hers .
the same thing happened when her drogo died , and his great khalasar tore itself to pieces .
tell me the bad thing you dreamed , bran said .
the bad thing that is coming to winterfell .
` ` it 's an awful thing to find a brother dead .
` ` let us hope that is the worst thing you ever see , my lord . ''
landed or wrecked , but it comes to the same thing , they ' ve put men ashore .
this is the very thing i feared .
the last thing theon greyjoy saw was smiler , kicking free of the burning stables with his mane ablaze , screaming , rearing ... chapter sixty - seven tyrion he dreamed of a cracked stone ceiling and the smells of blood and shit and burnt flesh .
but the dornishman 's blade was made of black steel , and its kiss was a terrible thing .
the worst thing was , she woke up when the spring come and took me for her babe .
he heard the crash of steel on wood , which could only mean one thing .
` ` it is a hard thing to take a man 's life . ''
` ` you 're the funniest thing i seen since biter chewed that septa 's teats off . ''
but the worst thing was between his legs , where nothing remained but a crusted brown hole crawling with maggots .
the worst thing was the smell , though .
ser brynden must have seen the same thing .
a thing ser axell understands as little as he does war .
` ` a lucky thing my leg got in the way , '' he muttered .
i make of slaughter a thing of beauty , and many a tumbler and fire dancer has wept to the gods that they might be half so quick , a quarter so graceful .
they might have tried riding double , but he was afraid the same thing would happen again .
the thing is , stout seems to have forgotten and no one 's been rushing to remind him .
` ` it would be a wondrous thing to see stone come to life , '' he admitted , grudging .
there was no thing that comes in the night , maester luwin had said so .
they would never dare such a thing if it were a dothraki khalasar outside their gates .
the thing was , begging your royal pardon , he had himself a c**k six foot long . ''
it is a rare thing for a boy born heir to stones and sheep pellets to we d the daughter of hoster tully and the widow of jon arryn . ''
there was little lord lazyeye , squire squishlips , one i named the whale that walks , that sort of thing .
it was the easiest thing in the world for arya to step up behind him and stab him .
the next thing he knew he was stumbling through mud and patches of old snow , toward maester aemon 's chambers .
` ` you ask a dreadful thing ... to loose the imp who slew our lovely king .
it had been a close thing , even so , but that was before zollo hacked his hand off .
` ` death is not the worst thing , '' the kindly man replied .
it is a fearsome thing to sail beyond valyria . ''
there is one thing i do know , however .
the only thing kojja mo loved better than her bow was bouncing dalla 's boy upon her knee and singing to him in the summer tongue .
the cinnamon wind was spinning all around them and he could taste the rum on gilly 's tongue and the next thing her br**sts were bare and he was touching them .
the last thing she expected was piety from a kettleblack .
he felt a shabby thing beside them in his baggy blacks , faded cloak , and salt - stained boots .
he spoke awkwardly of king stannis and melisandre of asshai , intending to stop at that , but one thing led to another and he found himself speaking of mance rayder and his wildlings , king 's blood and dragons , and before he knew what was happening , all the rest came spilling out ; the wights at the fist of first men , the other on his dead horse , the murder of the old bear at craster 's keep , gilly and their flight , whitetree and small paul , coldhands and the ravens , jon 's becoming lord commander , the blackbird , dareon , braavos , the dragons xhondo saw in qarth , the cinnamon wind and all that maester aemon whispered toward the end .
a man alone was a feeble thing .
a lovely thing , though now i weep to see it . ''
how is this thing possible ? ''
that sort of thing went on all the time amongst the free companies of the disputed lands , she knew .
once or twice he pinched his arm with his fingers , really hard , but the only thing that did was make his arm hurt .
eyes like ghost ' s. the fire in the center of the grove was a small sad thing , ashes and embers and a few broken branches burning slow and smoky .
penny 's lot was even worse , since the cook had put about the notion that squeezing a dwarf girl 's breast might be just the thing to win their luck back .
you get a good cookfire lit , blazing away nice , then it starts to piss down rain and next thing your wood is sodden and your flames are dead . ''
it was no easy thing to enter the great pyramid of meereen by night .
quentyn 's readings had suggested that the same thing had occurred in the seven kingdoms .
they made for one less thing she had to hide with her glamour .
` ` that will be one good thing to come out of this , then .
but she also knew that fire was dangerous , and illusions were dangerous , and being tricked into believing things that were n't real was often the most dangerous thing of all .
now i just stay silent throughout the whole thing , even though all the people on the streets recite the lines obediently .
the first thing i noticed when eden and i moved to frisco eight months ago was the local trend : young people painting black or red patterns on their faces , some small and delicate , like republic seals on their temples or something similar , others huge and sprawling , like giant patterns of the republic 's land shape .
now i 'll be back there with eden at my side , and i 'll have to deal with seeing the same thing happen to him .
my sudden turn to go back the way i came must have been the only thing that saved my life .
here 's the curious thing , though .
then i feel something cold and metallic against my knee , and the next thing i know , i arch my back and try to shriek .
then the most curious thing happens .
` ` i ' ve heard of this thing somewhere before , on the jumbotrons or something , where they were talking about prisoners from the colonies .
i ' ve been looking through them ever since thomas left , hoping that the thing metias had wanted to talk to me about is mentioned somewhere .
kaede seems amused by the whole thing .
i do n't see much more than blurs as we walk by - but i do manage to catch one thing .
one thing i do know .
that 's the curious thing . ''
the third thing was a shirtless , boxer - shorts - wearing evan walker , crawling out of the room behind grace .
if he was trying to secretly communicate with me and vosch figured it out , i ' m sure vosch 's response would be one thing and only one thing .
she returned to the harpsichord , to the one thing that had gone right .
one good thing had come of the stranding .
not since the very worst thing that ever happened .
it 's probably punishment for the baby jesus thing .
he finds a bunch of dried - up food rations nearby , too ; terrible - looking stuff , freeze - dried pot roast , soup with inflatable dried vegetables , that sort of thing , but it 's better than nothing , and he also finds a little stack of butane camp stoves to cook it all on , hoping they wo n't blow up in his hands the first time he tries to use one .
even in his day or two ( or whatever ) here , he 's seen nothing , not one thing to indicate anyone else .
and that made it feel like the most private thing that could ever happen , like a whole secret universe all on its own .
he wonders if he 's finally catching up on the sleep you need when you first die , which , granted , must be an exhausting thing to happen .
probably the most exhausting thing that ever could happen .
he thinks he 's being foolish feeling troubled about this - there are weeds growing everywhere , obviously , and the food did n't rot in an instant - but those things were just time , time passing in stillness .
three and a half days of policemen and policewomen - though it was usually policewomen , like officer rashadi - sitting in their house every hour that owen was gone , trying to reassure his parents even when such a thing was clearly impossible .
before everything turns to shit , please do n't pretend it was n't a real thing . ''
and if it 's a story he 's telling himself or a path he 's supposed to be on or just another convenient thing that 's happened to lead him forward , well , does it matter , he wonders ?
seth watches her go but hardly sees her , his mind filling again with the beach , the sea , the coldness - with the police and owen and valentine - with monica and gudmund and h - the tidal wave is coming again , breaking over him , drowning him once more - ` ` i do not think this is a good idea , '' tomasz calls to regine , shifting nervously from foot to foot - something 's there , right there , as the memories keep flooding in - ` ` i ' m willing to risk it for one less bad thing in the world , '' regine says .
why the sudden immersion into what was clearly the worst thing that had ever happened to tomasz ?
maybe it was just because the worst thing in the world had happened to them and they were n't able to deal with it . ''
` ` because if it is n't your fault , seth , if it 's just a shitty thing that happened to you , well , shitty things happen all the time .
` ` because if it is n't your fault , seth , if it 's just a shitty thing that happened to you , well , shitty things happen all the time .
if it 's real or not real , if we ' ve all woken up from some online thing or if this is all your stupid imagination , seth , i do n't care .
the driver turns to him one last time , regine in its arms , its face as unreadable as ever , and the last thing seth sees before unconsciousness claims him is the driver taking her body away .
` ` i thought gudmund being taken away was the worst thing that could ever happen to me , '' seth says , ` ` but it was n't .
the worst thing was finding out he was never really all mine in the first place .
and then i seem to blink and the next thing i see is myself pulling back a broken panel to the engine room .
the first thing you find out when yer dog learns to talk is that dogs do n't got nothing much to say .
today it 's mr fox complaining about how he ca n't breathe which would be a pitiable thing if he did n't smoke so much .
` ` if this thing in the swamp is so unexpected , why are you so ready to chuck me out into the wilderness today ? ''
his face is a nightmare , a horrible thing i ' m not gon na stop seeing even if i ever get outta this .
i shine the torch over the wreckage and think of the burnt ditch behind it and it can only mean one thing .
the beak ai n't a scary thing at all , like being nipped by a goose , but manchee 's having none of it , leaping outta the way and barking , barking , barking .
i look at it for a second and it 's one thing after another , ai n't it ?
i am the circle and the circle is me , that kinda thing .
but the only thing that happens is that the knife catches and i smash my knuckles into the stake , bloodying them .
probably yer gon na die , and tho i try to cover it up with other noise it 's such an unfair thing it 's hard not to have it right at the front .
i do n't get to answer ( even tho i do n't know the answer ) cuz there 's a loud click above us , a loud clang - y click that in prentisstown would mean one thing .
and she 's missing the thing i do n't wan na say .
the next thing i know she 's waking me up and it 's hours later and my head is completely confused till i hear her saying , ` ` noise , todd , i can hear noise . ''
but instead the most amazing thing happens .
` ` i have no further use for you , boy , '' he says and he raises the knife over his head and the last thing i see is him bringing it down with the full force of his arm .
the last thing i saw before- no .
the thing that makes no sense is that we 're pretty much on the path that viola and i would have taken anyway , following the river , keeping back from the road , and heading east towards haven .
next thing i know he 's setting me down on the back of his cart .
` ` now there 's a thing ah 'd like to see . ''
and yer the most beautiful thing that 's ever happened in the whole entire universe .
cuz that weird thing 's happening too .
and she 's taking the song of my ma and she 's weaving it into everything else till it becomes a sad thing all her own .
it 's the biggest thing i ' ve ever seen in my entire life .
i finally say , my voice a croak , a slur , a thing not quite real .
another thing she screwed up .
and is she part of this answer thing ?
there 's a burst of noise from him , one i ' ve grown to expect , and it 's the usual thing , him standing over me with a rifle , him hitting me and hitting me , me pleading for him to stop , him breaking my arm .
it separates it oddly from his mouth , making it seem like we 're watching a vid rather than a real thing .
and her eyes are wild and her breath is heavy and she 's staring at me so hard it 's like a solid thing i can feel .
i close my eyes at the pop and i do n't see where i shot cuz there 's too much smoke already in the air and there 's spackle falling and men calling out on either side and angharrad screaming and pressing forward anyway and the spackle armour cracking and bursting under repeated fire and more arrows and white sticks and i ' m so terrified i ca n't even breathe and i ' m just firing my gun and firing my gun , not even seeing where the bullets are going- and the spackle keep coming , climbing over the bodies of soldiers , and their noises are wide open and so are the noises of every soldier and it 's like a thousand wars at once , not just the one i ' m seeing but ones happening over and over again in the noise of the men and the spackle round me till the air and the sky and my brain and my soul are filled with war and i ' m bleeding it outta my ears and spitting it outta my mouth and it 's like it 's the only thing i ever knew , the only thing i can ever remember , the only thing that 's ever gon na happen to me- and there 's a fizzing sound and a burning feeling in my arm and i instinctively lean away from it but i see a spackle with one of those white sticks pointed at me and i see the cloth from my uniform burning away in a foul - smelling steam and the skin under it feeling like it 's been slapped and i realize if i 'd been two centimetres over i 'd have probably just lost my arm and- bang !
i close my eyes at the pop and i do n't see where i shot cuz there 's too much smoke already in the air and there 's spackle falling and men calling out on either side and angharrad screaming and pressing forward anyway and the spackle armour cracking and bursting under repeated fire and more arrows and white sticks and i ' m so terrified i ca n't even breathe and i ' m just firing my gun and firing my gun , not even seeing where the bullets are going- and the spackle keep coming , climbing over the bodies of soldiers , and their noises are wide open and so are the noises of every soldier and it 's like a thousand wars at once , not just the one i ' m seeing but ones happening over and over again in the noise of the men and the spackle round me till the air and the sky and my brain and my soul are filled with war and i ' m bleeding it outta my ears and spitting it outta my mouth and it 's like it 's the only thing i ever knew , the only thing i can ever remember , the only thing that 's ever gon na happen to me- and there 's a fizzing sound and a burning feeling in my arm and i instinctively lean away from it but i see a spackle with one of those white sticks pointed at me and i see the cloth from my uniform burning away in a foul - smelling steam and the skin under it feeling like it 's been slapped and i realize if i 'd been two centimetres over i 'd have probably just lost my arm and- bang !
[ todd ] we 're losing- there ai n't no two ways about it- me knocking down the spackle on the horned creacher only made things better for a second- the men keep pushing forward and firing their guns and spackle are falling and dying everywhere- but they keep coming down the hill- and there 's so many more of 'em than there are of us- the only thing that 's saved us so far is that they ai n't been able to get another one of those fire things down to the bottom of the hill yet- but there 're more coming- and when they get here- i am the circle and the circle is me .
viola called me first thing and told me all about the answer showing up on the hilltop .
i ca n't sleep after the weird thing with james .
i 'd forgotten what an incredible thing it was to see mistress coyle heal .
the other thing that ai n't expected is that they 're already here , waiting for us on the drive .
mistress coyle agreed , and simone set to work , planning the whole thing with the absolute focus on capturing a spackle and sending it back with a message of peace .
the first thing i see when they open onto the square is todd at the front of a sea of soldiers , standing there with angharrad on one side and acorn and wilf on the other .
` ` now that , '' the mayor says , turning to look at me , ` ` is the interesting thing , todd . ''
like he 's won the biggest thing of all .
it was the type of thing that one of the men would have joked about , if it had n't been so horrible .
it was an odd thing to notice , he thought .
the last thing i remember was seeing johanssen hopelessly reaching out toward me .
the whole purpose of the hab is to keep that sort of thing from happening .
this sort of thing happens on earth all the time .
an overnight trip , kind of thing ? ''
well , the thing is , pathfinder has an os update process .
you probably think losing a crewman is the worst thing that can happen .
the fourth one is ` ` survived something that should have killed me '' because some fucking thing will happen , i just know it .
it would have been a hell of a thing to see .
with it being 100 km wide , i ca n't see the whole thing , so i do n't know where on the circle i am .
the first thing i noticed was that it was really hot in there .
well , one thing i could still do was hit the gas .
` ` that is the thing what we have named this planet .
` ` i saw a peacock near the sundial , if you like that sort of thing . ''
here 's the thing : i thought the ladder would end when i got to the ground floor , so i was n't paying much attention until it hit me that i 'd been descending for a long time .
` ` you probably better tell me about this thing , '' i said .
` ` that 's a terrible thing to - that 's not true , jayjay .
` ` she had to go help with some ice cream - truck thing , '' i said , giving pig to j.lo to hold .
i scooped him and his now bloody feet off the floor and realized one thing with clarity .
if it was nt one thing it was another .
the only thing i did was run for days to my own death .
without any greetings or compliments , he exclaimed , sir , a terrible thing has happened .
jack winked at barbarossa and continued and the most remarkable thing is : rice grain , which is used in rice writing , is also a key ingredient for keeping jiangshi under control .
a terrible thing has happened , sir belsnickel said .
* one thing that the cop missed out on her list was bright kid gone feeling betrayed .
* more or less the same thing happens when were boarding the bus taking our class out on its field trip .
the most amazing thing of all this is that the kids actually believed us .
what a stupid thing to argue over , she thought now , looking around her .
it seems that one of your natural powers is to have control over creatures senses and the way you call to that power is to sing , he explained , as if it was nt the most bizarre thing ever .
i did nt even know this sort of thing existed .
stacy decided to tell her about the padre pio thing .
of course its long been known that mary magdalene and jesus were a thing , if you get my drift .
well , i know one thing .
only one thing arthur furrowed his brows with concern .
she screamed and the next thing she knew the wolf had been ripped off her .
i only hated one thing and unfortunately that thing was today .
if it had n't been for a similar accident two months ago , colton would have thought he was imagining the whole thing .
` ` that sounds like just the thing ! ''
` ` sounds like just the thing . ''
every time she tried to escape , her body became weaker and weaker , until eventually the only thing she could do was lay on the table , breathing in quick gasps like a caged , frightened animal .
it 's called feedback , and it 's a nasty thing to watch . ''
the last thing he remembered was watching bernam and reece kneeling next to the old woman - the woman that bernam had asked colton to hurt .
its the sort of thing that happens in movies like invasion of the body snatchers .
that kiss is the best thing that s happened to me all year .
you know , since that thing last winter .
its about the only thing i do know for sure happened in the weeks before mom split .
were supposed to be figuring out the bad thing that s happening in midway beach and coming up with a way to stop it .
she must have had some work thing and could nt reach you .
this thing with hunter , its got nothing to do with the other stuff going on in midway beach .
good thing i did nt read the letter , then .
` ` i do n't know , but that 's not the only strange thing going on with him . ''
the funny thing about all of this is that tony was invited to the festivities .
this thing that happened with suzy and lorena has me really freaked out .
i ' m furious of course and if they think they can intimidate me just like that , they ' ve got another thing coming .
as a little girl , her mother had told her there was no such thing .
i just saw the most amazing thing .
it must have knocked me out because that was the last thing i remembered til now .
i listened as they explained that kelly had been taken right from my front yard and of course nobody had seen a thing .
the next thing that i remember was hearing voices arguing .
that s one good thing to come from the journey .
compromising , yesbut the only thing force creates is trouble .
from their words , he could almost believe that they had expected such a thing to happenthat leron would go so far as to attempt to kill him .
you dare make such accusations , to put such blame , as if i would let such a thing to happen to one of my own , as if i would nt do anything i could to protect , totowhy , you arrogant it is not blind accusation , captain .
such a thing was not possible ; it must be a story .
i mean , a really weird scentwe had nt noticed it before , i mean , the air was all full of the scent of fear and blood and things of that sort .
but the first thing she noticed was that they all appeared to be in terrible condition .
every terrible thing that you could imagine , he said .
do nt you speak of endings , you know of no such thing , you are too young .
tir stumbled backwards , blinded , the impact reverberating in his skull , the lights behind his eyes flashing from one color to the next , the earth rising to meet his face the next thing he knew , he was lying on the ground .
i told them you were my pack , and you had come to fight them , but twas a mistake , a terrible thing .
poor thing , we must surrender her live body over to the south beach authorities which make us the heroes of metro city birmingham .
that was a brilliant move , hico along with this tv thing which is another great idea .
showcase thing , tonight .
and what is that thing on the wall and why is it funny ?
the rowdy guests wildly cheer , whistle , hoot , and foot stomp for the silly race thing as ty nods and rita smiles .
i realize two things that ty is taking a big chance with his life since one of the big bulky militia guards might hurt him trying to stop me and that ty is correct that ira has prepared for any thing and any body as i quickly tap my sandals in a staccato rhythm up two more steps then run into an obstacle .
i realize two things that ty is taking a big chance with his life since one of the big bulky militia guards might hurt him trying to stop me and that ty is correct that ira has prepared for any thing and any body as i quickly tap my sandals in a staccato rhythm up two more steps then run into an obstacle .
no one has ever spoke of thisterrible awful thing happening chase softly injects .
cause i m still humannowfor the time being until that other thing happens .
i m glad you and gunter survived that kidnapping thing , tilly but i hoped jake wo nt play in the gameifan you can understand .
she could nt fight itthe only thing she could do was limp really fast .
monsters and humans walked and talked together like it was the most ordinary thing in the world , as though they were one big happy family .
this whole thing started years ago when a group of sevenths decided to do some dna testing .
next thing you know , they started to wear these rings and claimed to be descendants of the long lost originals .
it was the weirdest thing i ve ever experienced .
its by far the strangest thing i ve ever seen .
and then the worst thing that could happen , happened .
somehow , since it had only happened once , and tony had seemed scared and repentant about the whole thing , mom and shawn had forgiven him and let it be over .
yesterday , when we were organizing this thing , you seemed entirely at ease .
most had worked at hope several times , and jenny knew their strengths , so she would organize the groups , although she insisted shawn be the leader of the entire thing .
as he swam over the deep areas he felt sick , imagining the little boy down there , imagining all the horrible things that could happen to a child down here .
my stomach clenched as we neared the classroom and i found myself hoping his weird effect on me had just been a one - day thing .
if he did , i could tell him about the static thing right then .
i started to add that we had a lot in common , but realized that was n't really trueat least , not beyond that bizarre electrical thing or whatever it was , which i certainly was n't going to mention to my aunt .
i still could n't believe rigel would do such an awful thing , making fun of the most embarrassing thing from my past that i 'd shared with him .
` ` so , that resonance thing you say we havegraell ? when did you figure that out ? ''
he clearly meant it , which confused me , especially since he 'd asked me not to tell them about our graell thing .
i mean , are people still coming here from mars , or was it like a one - time thing ? ''
i 'd barely felt a thing .
` ` and then there was that lightning thing we did after practice last week , which nothing else could possibly explain .
they could be following multiple leads , and her disappearance could be the very thing to draw their attention here . ''
` ` last nightthat was an awful , awful thing i did to you , m. but .
anyway , after last night , i think my folks are chalking the whole thing up to overactive teenage imaginations .
if my parents had been deliberately killed way back when i was a baby , then martian bad guys on earth was n't a recent thing .
and once he figures out who i am , we might as well get the word out to all the other martians about me , maybe with that marstar thing nara and shim mentioned , back when they did that test on me .
` ` one thing led to another , and '' bri gasped .
i kind of hoped the same thing , but then i kept remembering the invasion plan .
that marstar thing people talked about that night i did the blood test , that shim was so against ? ''
` ` i wonder what that spark thing was , though ? ''
` ` we 'd better hurry if you do n't want to miss the whole thing . ''
although , there was one thing i saw that slashed my already broken heart to ribbons .
it was the last thing i saw before the gate closed and i had nowhere else to go but the departure pad .
daniels reassuring voice was the last thing i heard as everything turned white .
the most shocking thing though , is that even before this kicked off there were people living without those luxuries all over the world .
they were childhood friends or people they d gotten to know because of the pub and even though it was their jobs , it also became a big social thing for them .
the last thing i see before my dad shuts the attic door behind him is the females head exploding as those like her trample her , eager to get to us , completely oblivious to what they are doing .
at least not now , how about you stay here tonight , have some nice hot food and first thing in the morning we will escort you all back to the bank .
the last thing i hear before hitting the ground is olivias gasp .
they are well prepared for this sort of thing .
we are heading off first thing in the morning to the city , its rumoured that there are survivors in a shopping centre , they ve got it fortified .
my life may have been a bit boring , and even though i had always secretly hoped for a zombie apocalypse if that s what this thing is i would give anything to go back to it .
there are empty shelves lining one of the walls the one i am facing and below them is a white dish - washer that looks ancient as if it had nt been used for years let alone in the months since this whole thing began !
the next thing that happened will be with me forever .
the next thing i knew , he whirled around 360 degrees in midair , started bucking , took off running and stopped suddenly .
sure thing , charles , brad answered .
the next thing i knew , i found myself lying on my side curled up in a little ball .
this is the worst thing that ever happened to anyone , anywhere , ever .
turns out some weird things have been happening at schools all across the country during the last few years , kinda like what s happening now at bixby with all this crypto - punk business .
thatsnota real thing .
he dropped the lighter twice before he could indulge in the only thing that calmed him after the appearance of the shadows that chased him nightly .
its the most beautiful thing that s ever happened to this diner !
stephanie would not be deterred from the only fun thing that had happened that day .
the moment their skin touched , the same thing happened again .
that s what that thing with the towel over her head was ?
too busy training for this kinda thing .
though the pampering felt amazing after the horrible thing shed just done outside the college , she was still very aware of the water that was being thrown down the drain with every moment that she dallied .
they walked back hand in hand like it was the most natural thing in the world .
it was not a joyous thing .
the same thing happened to bastian .
the house crumbled around him and the last thing roku saw was a flaming beam of wood drop from the ceiling and hit his face .
she is strong , but this thing they did to her he trailed off and left his thought unfinished .
population booms in specific areas wherewhere terrible things would later happen .
the last thing colton saw before he kicked open the training room door was kamiko literally flying across the room , carried through the air by long strands of lightning that shot from her back .
his world slowly faded into darkness , and the last thing he saw was kamiko standing below him in a sea of swirling , shimmering , beautiful dark blue light .
the funny thing is that i never really did anything at all for them .
this was such a terrible thing to happen .
two young members of the clan , fair - faced and handsome brothers eoin and olghar , climbed onto the table and joined medeas happy jig , singing : ` ` oh na , na , my brither bold , this thing will nivver be ye 'll tak yer guid sword in yer haun ' , ye 'll gang in wi ' me . ''
i thought we had come here after an important thing , not to dance ?
spinsters of the valley had been a rare enough thing when the blood of the three families had been thick , strong , and vital .
there were places for kids who told stories about the strange things they saw in the world .
another , thing dillon had nt mentioned i realized , and walker knew it too .
i ask you please , allow this thing to happen , and we will all be better off for it .
did you talk to him aboutthe thing last night ?
getting ready for thethe thing ?
the last thing they heard as they disappeared down the duct was the cats reply .
i hate that thing that happens .
we can certainly find out who did this thing that threatens to break the peace we have worked so hard to build between us .
the same thing that always happens , said the old rat .
that kind of thing , said arkon .
they fly down and that thing happens and i ca nt think and i hate it .
do you know the thing she s talking about ?
when he did , a strange thing happened to his vision .
torus and nevi watched the whole thing in astonishment , and then turned to find chello lying on his side , gasping for air .
both teams reported the same thing : a blacksmith had set up their foundry there .
the same thing as i , i guarantee it .
unless you had your own private jet , that sort of thing was nt typically possible .
you know , i saw this thing on tv the other day about gigolos .
that was the greatest thing i ve ever seen in my life , he said .
you wanted to wait for a perfect time to tell this boy about your feelings , yet you know there s no such thing .
i must fall asleep because the next thing i know its dark out .
the next thing i knew , there was a fire .
i got pretty used to this sort of thing .
the next thing i knew , dad had lifted me into the air .
once out the door , jayden recognised the garden as the same one that he had seen first thing that morning .
next thing he heard was aaron yelling through the door .
he slowly opened his eyes and turned his head so that he could look at the most magnificent sight he had ever seen and what was even better was that he had access to it every day first thing in the morning .
what a horrible thing for her parents .
i m not even sure how it happened , but the next thing i knew , i was straddling him in the front seat and our mouths were crushed against each other .
the next thing i knew i was lying on the ground and a pair of steely blue eyes held mine .
i just have no experience with this type of thing .
it had been the one thing that had surprised me .
the next thing i knew , he had me on the bed , pressing against me , and i surrendered all control , gasping in guilty pleasure .
this is nt from a bear , and whatever it is , i m going to capture the thing on film .
it was nt a lie , and she wondered for a minute if she was dreaming up the whole thing .
trust me , its the only thing he looks forward to .
one thing led to another , andwell , bingo , i m knocked up .
i mean , besides the speed thing we just saw .
with her luck , he d probably taken notes and planned on sending a letter to andys parents and mentioning the entire thing at the alumni dinner at christmas .
` ` i d say it was an instantaneous thing .
it could have been a one time , i was the closet person to you , sort of thing .
but , she did know one thing , he did nt rat her out to his friends or they would ve confronted her .
for the next two days , the same thing happened .
tristan looked at mr . bell defiantly , and kira felt a little sorry that she had caused the whole thing .
i know you re afraid of yourself right now , of what i ve told you , but it can be a beautiful thing .
he looked down at her , smiling , and she laughed loudly , like his kiss was the funniest thing in the world .
` ` i ve seen some things , '' kira said , lifting her hand away from the chain and letting her palm face the sky .
she tried again , hoping it had been a mistake , but the same thing happened .
kira peeked over at the pages , wondering what image of her he was crafting , but saw the last thing she ever expected : a self - portrait .
besides , school took priority over everything and falling for ryan would only mean one thing , disaster .
i think you need to go see your doctor first thing monday or go to the university health center .
this by far had to be the most insane , delirious , and freakish thing she had ever experienced .
they had just confessed their love for one another and were barely spending time together to only have this freaky thing happen to her .
i was holding him tight , but he never moved a muscle , and he watched the entire thing .
its the best thing that could happen to me .
i wonder if i imagined the whole thing with the rope and the noose and kayla .
my eyes adjust quickly to the darkness , maybe a wolf thing , maybe not .
i typed in the password and the last thing i remember was going for the enter button when i was hit in the head .
that s the awesome thing .
the thing is its not easy for me to say .
it would have been the best thing that ever happened to her , and she would nt have wanted to mess things up .
she declined the call , only for the same thing to happen again .
next thing i know , darren is on the field and stomping toward the runner who was on the way back to his dugout .
the meal was the most unappetizing thing danni had ever seen .
the thing is i was left handed .
with as big a bombshell as this homecoming thing was , it would nt have surprised her if her friends called her before darren did .
i m guessing you re not happy about the homecoming thing .
my mom wants to celebrate the homecoming thing .
the thing is me and darren have been best friends since seventh grade .
he 's got eyes out for this sort of thing . ''
and then there was this whole cell meeting thing .
even if we could get the top cleared , we 'd still have a ton of debris to clear away from the rest of it to be able to see the whole thing .
that was actually the last thing we were waiting for .
but the first thing i heard about the symbols was when i heard about the coin in court .
you know , war games , that kind of thing .
yeah , so now do you believe me that there must be some genetic mutation thing going on , eh ?
beth scratched her head , wondering how such a thing could be possible .
oddest thing i ve ever seen , this thing where no ones feeling hungry .
oddest thing i ve ever seen , this thing where no ones feeling hungry .
what was thatthat thing ?
why is nt he using his powers to keep thisthis thing back ?
see , when it happened , i felt this thing inside me again .
i take it its in a disused farm and there are lots of barn , sheds , that kind of thing ?
when they eventually found gerry , the first thing they all noticed was that she clearly had a shadow .
the worst thing i ve ever seen !
while sitting in my room , staring at the wall , only one thing popped into my head .
either my clock was slow or this thing was nt going to happen until later .
i never saw the same thing you did , so i have no idea where they came from .
i saw the same thing , i admitted in a whisper .
only thing i can think of is that maybe they did nt get enough sleep .
you will leave this matter to the courant and i and you will leave this world first thing in the morning .
their minds were spinning with whom they would side for if such a thing happened .
the flower fields have done no such thing so do not go announcing reports like that to your father .
the first thing i noticed when we stepped into the barn of belham was the tables were still overturned .
he is trying to understand my reasoning but the disobedience is a thing he must not tolerate .
i awoke to screams and the next thing you know i got creatures trying to kill me .
so despite you trying to keep who this woman is from me , i know one thing .
the only thing i could catch was zeus hands nearing my face before blackness .
it was nt a bad thing it was just weird to see such a thing in the world of pearu .
in a matter of seconds they re on the outskirts of the city , as the world returns to normal the first thing he ca nt help but notice is a giant hammock swinging in front a little ways from the city with a young man leisurely eating grapes and drinking from a flask .
but to make a long story short curios there woke to some pretty angry people , well one thing led to another there was some fighting and bit of name calling and then low and behold we are here .
one by one they begin to eat her alive , juntas screams in pain throughout the whole ordeal then minutes later its over as she hangs there her body regenerates with the whole thing starting again .
and were glad you are ok , that being said i was wondering what that tunnel thing was about that we saw the ship come out of .
the most amazing thing happened when i got back here last night , a strange voice spoke to me from the shadows .
i do nt want something to happen to the others on account of us waiting besides at the rate this thing is going we could be waiting all night .
the way they described the things they saw sounded exactly like what we saw with the exception of them seeing a weird pair of green eyes following them during the trip inside the tunnel .
i d say we start by finding the bottom of our mugs then the very next thing that should happen is you ducking kol .
so the same thing happened to vasos that happened to me , but the voice did nt speak to him that s interesting .
i m not sure , it just did nt affect me for some reason but that s not even the amazing part , the truly marvelous thing is i was able to bring them under my command and send them to kill as many monsters as they can .
my sons , it is a hard thing to lose a brother .
fearfully vasos forces himself to look around where he finds the last thing he wanted to see .
well , i ' m going to a conference thing , but i ca n't talk about it right now .
there 's no such thing as reincarnation , stupid .
the first thing i do is smack straight into a tall , well - muscled jock , who is also hurrying to leave the room .
it 's a terrible thing to witness , is n't it ?
i debate floating through the floor to derek 's room , but i 'll just find the same thing .
an uncontrollable righteous fury rises up inside me , and the only thing i see is her neck squeezed by my unrelenting fingers .
alisa 's death is a terrible thing .
i try again , but the same thing occurs .
the last thing he remembers is jill sitting on his bed , crying .
the only thing i can think of is that i have n't said goodbye to my family .
nobody was taken aback ; that kind of thing was a normal occurrence .
i just think that trusting him because of this one thing , would leave angie and all of us in a very vulnerable place , lakin said in a calm voice .
one thing strikes me though .
julie was a teacher who helped her through grade school , samantha a hairstylist that showed lyssa how to do hair and make - up , rebecca a chef that now has her own restaurant in new york told her all things are possible if you want them and gave her one recipe on how to make wicked good apple turnovers .
telling them that some odd shape birthmark was glowing around the edges is nt a normal thing at least having a rash is treatable .
the one he had last night makes him not even want to go to bed without a heavy duty sleeping pill , like the ones where you go to sleep and the next thing you know its morning .
lyssa looked at deravon , who looked amused by the whole thing .
i chatted with robert stratton on facebook for over a month and really , it was the only thing i had to look forward to at the end of the day .
he wants to talk to me first thing tomorrow morning .
i relaxed a little almost immediately when i remembered how much scott liked this thing we had going .
whatever comes of her tentative investigations , she only knows one thing she may have to step in and save her best friend from herself .
what she did was nt right at council , butshes right about one thing , gabe said running his fingers over mine .
blurred visions of gabe rolling on the ground then looking down at me came and went , but the only constant thing i could hear was david pleading for my help .
unfortunately i m no longer advisor to the alliance and though they will listen , they think of me as simply a symbol of things past , a relic , her voice rose and sounded slightly annoyed , like an antique that s pretty to look at and remember fond memories gone by .
but , i knew one thing .
the last thing i remembered was the portal opening and the glass people getting sucked into it .
i only knew one thing .
first thing , i was in my bed .
one thing saddened mei could see tommit took better care of his animals than he did his own people .
it was the worst thing i have ever experienced .
if he fell over , the worst thing that would happen is that he d do a massive belly flop .
probably hiding , waiting till their victims grew more secure in the freaky surroundingsif such a thing were possible .
what a relief because he d waken and this whole thing would be over .
it was an all - day trip , usually started first thing in the morning .
the next thing i knew dylan was hugging me and looking at me with those eyes .
the first thing i notice when we enter the house is there is more than the usual crowd here .
next thing i know , all our families have arrived and my mom is taking pictures like a mad woman .
we are all so happy , but the next thing i know , piper and i are squalling !
one thing i just ca n't tolerate is a drunk .
in north carolina , there is a thing called humidity and it sucks !
the next thing i know , i hear caroline shout .
he was not , but oh my holy goodness , he s like the hottest thing i ve seen since i got here .
only thing is she s super quiet .
` ` i just do n't ' know ; there 's this red tape thing i got ta go to tomorrow , if i decide to do it .
the next thing i know , i m on my ass again !
he called me first thing this morning .
my plan is to leave first thing wednesday morning ; in fact , everything is packed and ready to go home .
maybe i was just imagining it because of that thing i d seen .
the very first thing that i noticed was that the big black book was gone .
the last thing i remembered was crying so hard and so much that my whole body hurt and then there was nothing .
they asked me what had happened and i came clean about flipping him off across the courtyard along with what happened next telling them he hit me in the face and katie jumped on him before he could hit me again but because of the hit that was the last thing i remembered .
kyles dumb screaming in her ears would be the final thing she ever heard .
the last thing she felt was her head painfully crack a third time , against the floor of the boat as she was laid down .
the weird thing was that dr . bilges , mrs . cotild , everybody kept calling her a heroineeven patrick had said ityet it was her fault that kyle was lying here crying with a tube sticking up his nose .
the very knowledge of this thing induces a fear so strong that most grown shahee could not overcome their instinct for survival to chance it .
then a strange thing happened : geh - meer stopped , staring fixedly at a pointher eyes blank .
the last thing i see is my mother hanging an i.v .
the last thing i remember is him shutting the curtains .
you want to know the funniest thing that happened before my birthday ?
the only thing that you did wrong which most probably spoilt your fun was reacting to whatever prank tanya played on you .
on the other hand , the only thing that could be in my favour or rather was the way i wanted it to be , was that she did nt open the friend request column , came online , wrote the status update and went offline .
ever since that wave thing happened at school , you deactivated your account the same night , the next morning you came to me and asked me not to tell anyone what happened at school .
that reminds me , interestingly , the day that wave thing happened which was nt as big a thing as you made it , she sent me a message on facebook .
this is just a onetime thing .
what s this grandpa and grandma thing all about .
its grandpa grandma kind of a thing .
one thing that i was amazed to see was that other than tanya and i none of the other were even a little bit high !
the funny or rather the irritating thing was such calls arrived when you are on roaming and you have to pay for attending such calls .
i told them everything that happened while we were locked up in the living room , apart from the kiss and hug thing !
out of the blue , the ball dance music started playing , a totally unexpected thing in an indian style party but turns out that tanyas dad had other plans .
the next thing i remember , i woke up in a room with white walls and the smell of medicines all over the place and a funny taste in my mouth arguably because of the drip which meant i was in a hospital but in which area of the world , i did nt really know .
it looked as if they were supervising the whole thing .
all we could do was wait for tanya to call which was now pretty much an impossibility given that mr . striker had come to know about the whole thing , of us arriving .
at least this is one thing that tanya has achieved .
it was obvious they hoped and prayed for the same thing as my parents , that their girls would nt make the cut and could return home .
` ` so for tomorrows class , you will meet here first thing and i will be sending you our syllabus . ''
it turns out the whole thing is about how the removal of the patches is working .
` ` the freakiest thing of all is this ! ''
what the is the last thing i hear as i slip into the hallway .
maybe he 's a distant relative of yours , and that gray spiral is some kind of genetic thing .
it was another creepy thing she could add to the list of creepy things that had happened since moving here .
it was another creepy thing she could add to the list of creepy things that had happened since moving here .
but then she remembered that there was a thing called homework shed have to deal with .
about eight million students were wearing tank tops today , and the most interesting thing shed seen had been a snake tattoo .
the same thing had happened when shed caught a whiff of the salt water on gary .
there was only one thing it could behurricane gary .
chapter four the last thing i had expected to see .
i pinched my arm , hard , hoping i would wake up , but the only thing that happened was a sharp pain in my arm that was sure to leave a bruise .
closing my eyes in amazement that such a thing was even possible , i swallowed hard to force down the nausea that tried to push its way up my throat .
it had sounded like shed said liver , but she had said it like she would have said steak , or hamburgers , like it was a normal thing for us to eat .
i must have fallen asleep , because the next thing i knew amy was shaking me and telling me it was time to get up .
anne nodded , like she knew all about that sort of thing .
the same thing happened to my aunt .
then we had to cut it short because of some kind of family thing , and to top it all off , there was no kiss at the end .
then first thing in the morning , instead of going to school , i d leave .
next thing i knew , i was kneeling in front of the toilet , throwing my guts up .
it was a good thing i waited because a moment later amy came into our room .
the idea was the most ridiculous thing i could have imagined .
it was nt putting me outside the wall , but it was the next worst thing .
i continued to peer into the rain , but i could nt see a thing .
curious how sometimes it is a simple thing that triggers our grief again .
i want to scream and have it stop and for a second am tempted to do so , but then the most amazing thing happens .
if i had not seen it with my own eyes , i would not imagine such a thing was possible .
it is such an amazing thing to witness .
he claims to have seen the whole thing . ''
and while he knew that he did n't know much , he did know one thing .
despite the uncontrollable problem she 'd had in his dream and every other absolutely putrid thing that had happened that day , tasha , too , began to chuckle slightly .
the next thing that he knew , mikhall was slapped with a severe reprimand for being intoxicated and unconscious at his post .
tasha sighed , wondering if such a thing were really possible in life .
` ` that is just about the most adorable thing that i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` what happened to hal was the same thing that had happened to ceorn .
first thing tomorrow , i would confront acacia and make her apologise to chaste .
the only thing i could be sure of was that i would ve been very angry .
well all head back to singapore first thing tomorrow morning .
* * * * as promised , first thing on sunday morning , we flew back to singapore , and i had the luxury of experiencing a flight in a private plane , thanks to the savants .
the next thing i knew , i was tumbling across the woodsaway from sasukebefore finally smashing into the trunk of a tree .
my precious one , baby blythethank you for being the best thing that has ever happened in my life .
it may be an awful thing to wish , i know , but well just have to hope that that poor woman is filed away as a missing person rather tha the bell to the apartment door rang .
she did not have time to react , as it was the last thing she expected to happen .
here we gothe levi and harrison thing , again , reece thought , once she understood what simone was trying to imply .
the next thing she knew , levi was sitting behind her on the horse .
the next thing she knew , they were in the air , with the gray mist beneath them .
trust me , we ' ve trained for exactly this kind of thing . ''
` ` the thing is that this only works as long as we independents know that we 're going to be treated at least as well as you guys from sanctuary , and that you guys from sanctuary are being treated okay . ''
it was the kind of thing that sent a little thrill of satisfaction through me , but i sternly reminded myself not to let my success so far go to my head .
` ` vincent , i hate to order anyone to do this task given that it should n't even be our job and that we 'll still be going forward with the operation first thing tomorrow night , but your guys are some of the best we ' ve got . ''
i do n't see how i could do both , not unless you were okay with postponing that other thing '' brandon looked like he wanted to spit nails and a pulse of power roared through the room before he got himself back under control .
alison joined jess in an effort to damage the creature 's legs enough to bring it to its knees , but it swiped at the two of them and the only thing that saved them from serious injury was that they were partially shielded from the attack by the werewolf 's own bulk .
the last thing i saw before jasmin covered me up with some clean towels from my bathroom was jasmin rolling her eyes at me .
it felt like the attack lasted hours , but i made myself sit there and watch the entire thing .
alec 's smile was the most natural thing i 'd ever seen cross his face .
i lost a couple of seconds because the next thing i knew i was on the ground and two of vincent 's guys were kicking me in the stomach and ribs .
i managed to get my foot down and stop from laying the bike down , but with rachel 's added weight on the back it was a close thing and i suspected that if i 'd had merely human reflexes that i would n't have been able to save us .
that s the thing , he s already taken down one of the bullies and is fending off the others all by himself .
numbered doors whizzed past them , and the only thing repeating itself in ashtons head was the knowing fact that he was going to die .
the students of science 10 had studied this sort of thing before , and as ridiculous as it seemed , if you cared about school , you were a dork .
the terrible splitting and cracking sound seemed to echo , and the sight of the kid back - flipping out the window was the last thing he saw before his vision turned black .
he never usually went for that stuff , though the whole thing felt like a dream .
you imagined the whole thing .
emberlee , trying to prevent him from following them , and then claiming none of it had ever happened and that jesse had imagined the whole thing .
you know , the same sort of thing happened with my teeth .
but the last thing zander ever heard was ragnars savage scream and the sickening crack as the pipe smashed into zanders skull .
so , you think we can fix it before that festival thing starts ?
the whole thing felt as though it had happened in slow motion , but it could nt have lasted for more than two seconds .
the last thing i remember are skyrunners breaking into my lab , and then nothing .
oh , and the announcing thing when you first arrive ?
ashton , about that whole thing back there with the cure ashton spun around and looked at him , raising a hand to awkwardly scratch the back of his head .
the last thing i remembered was aydens weight off of me .
the first thing i saw was the blurry sight of a forearm .
the only thing you ll get a chance to see is my fist in your face !
it was like he had convinced himself that death was a sure thing .
i kept my eyes open because i did nt want to miss a thing .
he was acting as if this were a normal thing .
well and good , said the pirate who had spoken the first time , but if he is dead what s to stop the same thing from happening to any who enter there ?
but he was nt with us this morning and had nothing to do with the trespassing thing .
its a funny thing thoughwe trampled all over them this morning and now they re pretty much standing up straight .
yeahanother thing .
she could have known about this thing for a real long time .
but red said this thing could nt wait until tomorrow .
funny thing , but the casale boys do nt come away from this place with wearable shirts .
yeah , well , my little brother sings the praises of benjy day and nightand then this thing had to happen .
everything about this thing and the cops stopping by your place .
most of the locals around here have seen this kind of thing before .
this thing is never going to end !
mike , the last thing i remember clearly is being put in an ambulance .
why would red tell mike and me that donny hahn did it and that he had witnessed the whole thing ?
only a few seconds passed before harlow opened her eyes to look out over the horizon , seeing the most serene and peaceful thing she 'd ever witnessed .
he tried to fight it as hard as he could , but he could n't deny the feelings he had , and out of everything he 'd been through , that was the most painful thing he 'd had to deal with .
it means that whatever you feel , another glance over the shoulderwith her is like a one - time thing .
he s helped me out more than onceand he did nt want to have me arrested for the wholecar thing .
i shifted my body to face aria and found she was texting someone , but that was nt the first thing i noticed .
if there s one thing i hate its people putting themselves down !
one thing that is true is that this world that we thought was so simple is actually more complicated there are secrets and mysteries lost to not only this generation but those who knew the world as it was before : shibuya , akihabara , shinjuku and others who s names have faded into a myth in favour of zones .
do nt tell me that the same thing that happened to izumi is going to happen to you !
the next thing she knew , sayuri was being held up by her hair .
after i managed to puked a few times , then drowned out the taste of all things unholy with cheap mouthwash and salvaged what was left of the burnt skin on my tongue , ready to go to sleep and pretend no such thing had ever happened , i was slightly surprised to hear my cell phone buzzing with a text so late at night .
sometimes the mind starts to remember things the heart would rather forget , but the leaves piling up on that slab of stone make it nearly impossible to forget .
it must have brought back memories on a night like that , because the next thing i remember i was talking about mom .
it felt like i had been asleep for five minutes , but the next thing i knew , i was waking up on the couch , as tony was shaking my shoulder , saying good morning , sunshine !
i stared out the back door , into the darkness , as everything slowly sank in , and i realized that the whole thing had been a prank .
in my opinion , it was the kind of thing that could easily have been ended in a text message , or just an assumed ending , like i had been attempting to do before he messed it all up by deciding that we should meet in person to talk .
after a few minutes , danny went on , in the dead silence of the coffeehouse , to tell me the story of how he d met this girl at a party , while he was drunk and one thing had led to another , and things had happened and so on , as i inserted phrases , such as oh my god , and how could you ?
after a few minutes , danny went on , in the dead silence of the coffeehouse , to tell me the story of how he d met this girl at a party , while he was drunk and one thing had led to another , and things had happened and so on , as i inserted phrases , such as oh my god , and how could you ?
it 's impossible and pointless to try to turn back the hands of time , but i think the thing that would have made the biggest difference would have been my parents telling me they loved me .
same thing though only one of the group saw it .
he hoped he was nt inviting this sort of thing to happen more often .
the last thing she had ever expected was to fall in love with darmik .
rema wanted the last thing she saw to be of something beautiful .
knowing him , he probably planned the whole thing with my insipid sister , silindra .
the crazy thing was , i had heard it from inside my own self .
the next thing i knew , i was the one that was airborne again then slamming into a tree face first .
` ` hey , we 're having this , um , thing .
` ` he forgot to tell me when this full moon harvest thing was taking place . ''
i missed the tie thing .
now , lets end my humiliation and get this royal event , contest , match or thing over .
sure , she knew all the little girls out there were dreaming just the same thing .
strange thing is , marilyn really cooks in here .
* chapter 5 if there s one thing marilyn done bad by me and mom , its giving us her old tv .
and like the man said , it can be passed on , that sorta thing .
the hidden torment of marilyn , that kind of thing .
best thing is , though , that limey lawfords finally come clean about his own call .
the only surprising thing is that moms not sitting in her chair .
we did nt stop over anywhere ; just bedded down in the car , huddling under blankets brad had stored in the trunk like he was used to this sort of thing .
there s one thing that s still been puzzling me about our miss monroes suicide kid .
marina seems to think its the funniest thing she s ever seen .
the operators gave her the usual kiss off ; he was in an important conference , that sort of thing .
bobbys the expert at this sort of thing .
what kind of people watch such a thing and do nothing to help ?
the thing in the alleythe coin the lady dropped , i said looking away .
i do nt want to be involved in any of thisthis crazy thing i was just about outside the room , and i readied myself to make a run for it .
its just a customary thing , andits nothing to be worried about .
well , that s one good thing you didshe died protecting you , bea said with a chuckle .
i wait for the thing to happen that will make me regret i ever made this wish , but there s nothing .
the whole thing felt like a dream .
somehow , she had thought the whole thing my fault .
let their blood fill the water and you will smell the greatest thing in the world .
the strange thing is corsair really seemed to think that him and trapper were friends and trapper did enjoy the jokes he made about him .
i wanted to settle down somewhere quiet and peaceful but still have plenty of food , a far easier thing to imagine than actually find .
the strange thing is getting bit buy a shark is nothing like how it looks in the movies or those discovery channel documentaries make it seem .
i could not move , could not take my eyes away from pierre and the terrible thing happening to him .
it was said to be so large that a banquet could be served beneath its ribcage , and there were rumors that such a thing had happened when mr . peale first opened his museum .
his butler , cook , and manservant knew about our work , but like our own servants , they owed a debt of gratitude to george for one thing or another , and would never speak a word against us .
the last thing i remember was passing out .
there s this thing on the news .
she would want to stay out late listening to the traveling minstrels , that sort of thing .
the next thing she knew , her sister was curling up close to him .
it is a tragic thing , she added in a moment .
the last thing rex ever wanted to do was break caras heart .
i mean , me and cosgrove in a straight up fight ; that s one thing .
the funny thing , it was nt the lightning that got us , it was what the lightning got that got us .
i know its stupid even as i m thinking its the best thing i ve ever seen .
they caught up to me as i tried to follow , and that s the last thing i remember , looking at a lump of gum stuck to the bottom of my movie seat , until i came to , gnawing on some poor schmucks shin three aisles over , his blood tasting like the popcorn he d probably eaten only a few minutes before .
and another one two towns from there , same thing -- and after that , thor cuts in , kind of excited , there s the zombie elves display at the brogan county fairgrounds from november through new years now its army mans turn to cut in : and the zombie dance - a - thon for valentines day zombie doctor interrupts , and there s a four - day zombie leprechaun festival in chester town after that my dead , crumpled heart soars .
every month , every student in the new us gets a credit allowance , depending on what year of school they re in , how many other survivors are living with them , that kind of thing .
and what is the last thing standish thinks , before the virus takes over , before the rage consumes him and his only thought is of brains , brains and more brains ?
the last thing armond price standish the iii thinks is that he did nt lure the zombies out to save his precious students .
next thing i know , chuck is projectile vomiting all over the new secretarys silk blouse , she s screaming , and he reaches out and yanks her arm right .
my boyfriend grady and i do nt talk about much , but when we do its about something pertinent to our lives , like some teacher were hating on , some runner who really inspires him , a song that kind of means something special to us that kind of thing .
the last thing i saw was calvin , arm up , defending himself as two zombies bit him solid , bit him good .
the only thing for me there is being locked up in the castle .
this whole thing was planned ; if you charge in at him i can guarantee that he wo nt kill her .
after the whole globe thing , she wondered if they were even real though .
standing with gages arms around her was nt exactly the worst thing that could ve happened , but it was still awkward .
when i looked at the back of my neck i had this thing .
she did nt want him to worry , plus she really intended on seeing molly first thing .
that s a random thing to ask .
it was the worst thing i d ever seenextremely gruesome does nt even come close to describing it .
addy wanted to call out to him to wait so she could tell him that kim may have found something , but the last thing she wanted to do was alert juliette .
the same thing happened each time addy woke up .
pap was nt much of a believer back then , but because he loved gram so deeply , he knew the greatest gift he could give her would be to play a role in the one thing that brought her so much joy .
its been one thing after another today .
i ve heard this sort of thing happens all the time .
the next thing i remember , the lights came back on .
the next thing i knew , there were flames everywhere .
what made the whole thing so amazing was that the ghosts of our ancestors also appeared before us , like some sort of changing of the guard .
that brings me to the other thing moira mentioned .
its the same thing i saw before .
i know this wo nt be an easy thing to see , especially if he talks smack about the family .
from what i could tell , things start going crazy and the candles they have lighting the room end up catching the entire place on fire .
gram begins chanting something in the background , but the only thing i m able to focus on is the sight of hunter shape shifting into the most enormous bird i ve ever seen .
the last thing i see is hunter landing on the russos second floor balcony , changing back into his human form before kicking the window in .
the first thing i see , is the scaffolding they d been using to paint , had fallen in front of the closed door , barricading any possibility of escape .
anyway , we were in love back then and one thing led to another then you came along .
next thing i know , i m getting carted off to the rear .
i think that s the bravest thing i ever saw .
that sort of thing happens all the time between grownups .
funny thing happened just a few minutes before you walked in .
one thing escalated to the other , and karla shoved me into the corner of my kitchen .
funny thing was amy did nt have a best friend , but i had two and one of them she was screwing behind my back .
maybe you ll meet a chick at this thing .
and the funny thing was , i hated who i was .
the funny thing was , he did nt even see me .
it was the cutest damn thing i had ever seen .
i pulled up in the parking lot and the funny thing was that nellie never even questioned me .
and no matter how hard i try , that thing with amy and lucas i cleared my throat and continued , i trust you .
i put the keys into the ignition and turned but the only thing i heard was a clicking sound .
owen turned around and the next thing i know , ayden was on the floorand bloody .
amber and dylan stood watching the whole thing go down .
i closed my eyes but the only thing i could see was owens face deranged in anger .
he slumped to his knees in front of me and laid his head in my lap as if the whole thing had broken him .
honestly though , i blamed the whole thing on my mom .
what s this berry thing ?
i ve checked out her online social network , but the only thing i found is she s taking her friends to visit her family this weekend .
this type of thing goes on all the time here .
shed been totally cool about the whole thing date - thing and , thankfully , did nt feel weird about hugging me hello and goodbye .
cruelest thing i ve ever seen , he said , looking at terry and me .
as she sat waiting for civilization to find her , daphne thought of every terrible thing in her miserable life : grandpas death , joeys sickness , karas death , brocks sadness .
the earth could have trembled , a tidal wave could be threatening in the distance , and the only thing she would see was the man she knew as larry on the beach of punta arena .
but the worst thing was that my parents never forgave her for running away .
he cast me a sideways glance , and the strangest thing happened .
as though it was the most natural thing in the world to have an angel sitting at the breakfast table .
maybe once before , when she had nt had a thing to fear .
the first thing she saw was a blinding light .
she observed all this in a matter of seconds , but none of this was as alarming as the next thing she saw .
it was almost an inevitable thing , for hope to be disappointed .
kietharas head spun with each new thing she saw .
if she had seen one more thing yesterday that was as mind - blowing as this scene was , just as everything else in this kingdom was , she would have fainted .
her tone suggested that she was dying for the same thing .
it was the single most horrid thing i have ever feltshe shudderedand before i knew what was happening , they knocked me unconscious .
one thing , you only saw one thing , and now you re convinced that i m somesome traitor !
one thing , you only saw one thing , and now you re convinced that i m somesome traitor !
i would never understand why she did nt need the bathroom , first thing in the morning , like i did .
i ca nt believe i slept through the whole thing .
gracious , blue , that s the strangest thing i ve ever seen .
an extraordinary thing indeed .
it was made bleak six years ago , shaken and darkened and blasted by , well , the sort of thing that destroyed and darkened and blasted a place : a full - on apocalypse .
i told you i killed him , was all gideon said , and the next thing i knew , he was through the glass partition and beside ben in the front seat .
the jerk thing i was talking about , i smirked and walked back to him .
one moment , abigail was seconds from hitting the ground , but the next thing i knew , she had landed perfectly on her feet .
i had completely forgotten that tristan was in the room with us , and the moment i heard his voice i got so livid that the next thing i knew , abigail was screaming because the glassware on the lab shelves had shattered .
the whole thing happened so fast that when i realized i was on the ground , and that i d just got beaten up by a girl , i felt like punching myself in the face .
abigails fathers face was the first thing i saw , because he got right in front of me .
i did nt want to tell him about the cia thing .
the next thing i knew , valoel was standing with him , behind me .
i had only a second to move before he fired , and then the oddest thing happened .
i panicked , and the next thing i knew , we were safe .
winning that ticket , rose , was the best thing that ever happened to me .
the first thing i noticed in his eyes was something akin to pain , but it vanished so quickly that i could nt be sure i had nt just imagined it .
valoel only moved her head in our direction , and the next thing i knew , she was no longer a littler girl , but rather a tall , sharp - eyed , full - grown woman .
being a part of the underground amateurs , also known as tua , was the best thing that had ever happened to joshua .
that is probably the strangest thing i have ever seen .
being with amber was the best thing that ever happened to him , and having sex with her was his new favorite thing in the world .
i saw the whole thing ; he was killed by two orange eyed men .
a cameraman moved in close to show his face on the monitor and he revealed another set of orange eyes but that was nt the most alarming thing .
yet there was no denying the fact will had been killed by two men with orange eyes and that tethtech had the technology to make such a thing possible .
she poured him a drink and then the next thing he knew he d woken up tied to a chair with faye tying one of the ropes into a knot .
four of the team had died that day and chris had seen the whole thing .
then i realised that he was nt making the groaning noise , it was the sound of electricity crackling and the same thing was happening to me .
the same thing happened here .
jackson claps him on the backyou know , that really random thing guys do when they see each other , like they re joining forces or something before they attempt to save the world or act like complete douchesbefore his head falls back in laughter at something someone in the group i ca nt see from where i sit said .
first thing you should know , i begin , my other hand gripping the strap to my bag .
i can hear metal music playing from the ancient stereo he s had set up in the corner in his room since we were nine , you know , back when they were still a big thing .
this thing is about to start .
one quick look at me , a pancake dangling from my mouth , and he starts laughing like its the funniest thing that he s ever seen .
he is surrounded by horrible dancers , harley and kennie are laughing hysterically like this is the funniest thing they have ever seenit probably isand zephyrs trying to hold in his laughter on the other side of the room while still looking pissed off .
halftime endscan you sense my excitement ? and harley and i sit through the rest of the game , fighting the urge to absquatulate and head to the nearest interesting thing , like watching grass grow .
i feel happyhappier than i would have been if i were still going to this thing with ryder .
well , except for one thing that happened after lunch okay , so i was nt exactly expecting fireworks or a parade , but i was happy , damn it , and i wanted everyone as freaking happy and cheerful as i felt .
earlier was one thing , i did nt fully intend to fall asleep even though i did , but through the entire night ?
but this is going to one painful thing to deal with .
i expect her to threaten me , tell me what i saw was a onetime thing , a secret i need to take to the grave .
this is the last thing i want him to witness .
if it goes well , then the school was discussing keeping it up as an annual thing .
the second thing to wake me is the shift of a body next to mine .
the last thing i remember is zephyr knocking on the door and walking in .
sorry to hear about that singing thing my uncle starts , but i m quick to cut him off before he starts sprouting out conspiracy theories .
luckily , sera comes to my aid , please sir , i saw the whole thing , brie was attacked first , she only fought to protect herself .
oh , right , i m supposed to be the leader of this thing .
the last thing i remember is getting hit on the head .
next thing i know , i wake up here with you .
the boy grins , and the last thing i see before my vision goes black is him springing at me , the butt of his knife aimed for my head .
that only important thing had happened that day .
i was nt a novice in this country ; i knew many things could happen but the word any sounds so much like exaggeration .
funke have never being my mistress even once , so it was a good thing she was kept in charge , the other ladies who had taken turns in being my mistress will mishandle the money because they feel they were very close to me , seeing things the rest have nt seen .
as jemimah and i opened our eyes , we discovered we looked like thirty years old but one thing shocked us more , the water boundaries began to fall , the stars died down and the whole land was gradually covered in water .
i can do the same thing every day , then one day , for no reason , that same thing upsets her and she starts on me .
the worst thing that did happen to madelyn 's mother during the depression was that one year the only thing she got for christmas was a lace - embroidered handkerchief .
the other thing madelyn does n't know is all while sheila was growing up her mother worked for a white family who always called her ' little brown baby ' to her face and ' that nigger baby ' when they thought she could n't hear , because they did n't want to bother learning her name .
the next thing madelyn heard about it was the boy used a compass - the kind with the point that you use to draw a circle .
have you ever heard of such a thing ?
he 's a great looking guy and president of the junior class or some such thing , and did sports : the whole catastrophe : and he sure as shootin ' was n't used to girls blowing him off .
this big muther - fuckin ' thing . ''
i still had about twenty minutes left before english , but i had no desire to sit there and relive the whole scott thing again .
next thing i knew , the two of them were tearing through brendans cornfield , making a god - awful racket like two wild dogs trying to kill each other .
it was easy to forget my own misery for a little while when i thought about the animals and other creatures that could be hurt or displaced if such a thing came to pass .
so its a not right now instead of a not ever thing .
i d never felt anything like that thing in the rats mind , and i shivered in spite of the hot water .
my palms scraped against the rough bark of the tree as i imagined horrible things happening to my friends .
even if you are right about the vampires , there is one thing you re overlooking .
at least that was one thing i could look forward to .
anger at sam for arranging the whole damn thing , and fear that the elders knew what had just happened .
its the most beautiful thing i ve ever seen , and i want it .
the last thing i d expected was for them to understand why i d been so mean about my birthday and the present they wanted to give me , the traditional present that felicia and jack got when they turned sixteen .
a forest so thick that twenty yards in lizzie could pretend there was no such thing as civilization .
sometimes she wondered if shed dreamed the whole thing .
he looked around and saw that everyone was looking between him and ... manuel looked back over his shoulder to see the other thing .
chapter 7 the cardinal 's demand a rattle of keys , the click of the deadboltgood thing she had thought to lock the door behind her .
but he had the advantage of being a boy , so resembling their father was nt such a strange thing .
in fact , it was the first really good thing shed heard all day .
but i got into meditation , that sort of thing .
its this mayan thing , she said , sick of having to explain it .
he put his hand to his cheek , which was marked with cuts , a gift from the dinosaur skeleton - a strange thing to think .
next thing i knew , i d painted his face .
oz thinks its only a recent thing , and i think its mainly younger people who ve developedpowers .
and it was nt just since this itzel loveguard thing ; melody had been hysterical and possessive almost the day he d stepped over the threshold of her flat .
he did nt know why , but he thought maybe the two were part of the same thing .
and the funniest thing happened to me .
but as , again , frequently happens when laziness is involved , the whole thing slowly ground to a halt .
but the strangest thing remained : a small oak had sprouted up through the pulpit 's floor , just then illuminated by an early afternoon slip of sunlight from high up through the stained - glass .
for just a moment i thought the whole thing had been a dream but that did n't last long .
sharpening its claws on one of the pews in the middle aisle was a thing that made the spider seem a mere annoyance .
the magician , on the other hand , told us he had no idea where or even if such a thing even existed .
the first thing i saw was the green mist pulsing stronger than ever .
the second thing i saw was the whole group of men frozen in place , captured in the magician 's web like the insects they were .
teacher woman tilted her chin in the air and said , you re being insubordinate ; you have nt done a thing today in class .
but , it was always only a one time thing , really .
the thing that she just could nt stand was that he had nt let her have any coffee .
sure thing , austin nodded and walked away , trying to balance the rest of them with one arm .
a strange thing was happening in austins mind .
the only thing that popped into her mind was such aa kai thing to think .
he was the warmest thing on this godforsaken beach .
you ca nt die from temperature , be it cold or hot , he said it like he was reciting it out of a textbook ; were there textbooks for that sort of thing ?
it was the last thing i saw and then i woke up i sat up panting deep heavy breaths .
so that is what i see , i no longer see the bright light first thing in the morning .
that was at least one thing he did right .
i ve always overlooked it as just a thing that happens in an moment .
darkness , the only thing my eyes could see .
i mean it could have been a one - time thing .
soon i could nt hear a single thing but slow constant drip of water from a stalactite .
the last thing it could be a bow when he grabbed the center .
the thing i fear the most is the tragedy of my own story .
the last thing she remembered were her parents walking away , her fathers arm around her mother as she looked back at emma with tears in her eyes .
luckily the cafeteria ladies also saw the whole embarrassing thing and took pity on her , letting her grab another serving of the food that had been ruined when she tripped .
the last thing she remembered was mark jumping back towards the cliff .
so far there has only been one good thing about being a secret stealer .
next thing i know i m being thrown into a tree .
anyways , the next thing i know i m holding another melted remote in my hands .
jason and i have experience in this type of thing .
and then the most surprising thing happened .
and i nearly even paid attention to what josh said about the funny thing that tessa did while he was riding behind her but all the time i was buzzing and zinging and humming inside , thinking to myself , i took cupcake for a walk and i m the special person for her and she calmed down just for me because she liked me , but then the honey taste in my mouth turned to vinegar when i heard charlie say this : did ness bring cupcake over ?
so when it was just him and me and the horses in the stables , and he did nt talk , this weird thing happened where it felt like i was under some sort of magnetic trance and naturally calmed down as well .
the whole thing made me surprisingly dizzy .
this funny thing happened , i said .
the really surprising thing was that i did nt recognise her myself .
the thing that could be worse than this was about to happen .
andi knew this was the last thing ronnie wanted for her birthday .
the only thing that could make it worse was if it stormed again tonight and she got struck by lightning .
it was the scariest thing i ve ever seen , andi added , her voice watery and trembling .
she filed this away with every other weird thing that happened since waking up yesterday morning .
she lowered her arms and sat still while he took down her hair , thinking it was the weirdest thing in the world to have happen .
three ragged claw marks ran the length of her right shoulder , but the strangest thing was happening .
there 's a thing over there , he waved behind him , called ' modern life ' or something like that .
maybe she saw a big squirrel or imagined the whole thing .
one never knew when the real thing would happen .
my boy bob here saw the whole thing .
that whole thing with mort was a distraction for someone to destroy the evidence .
well , one thing led to another , i invited her back for a chinese and we spent the night together .
next thing i know i have to go to the hospital , and she is bloody pregnant .
this was the worst possible thing that could have ever happened to us at that time .
' it 's not a bad thing to be put in your place samantha , ' he would project onto me .
it was by far the newest school they had seen and they did nt want to miss a thing .
we have this thing we call free guard night once every couple of months .
chapter six when luke first saw her he noticed one thing immediately : the prison had nt had the effect on her like it did the others .
the whole thing , the whole rest of the poem had to be at the place we were going to .
i d remembered my dream and the whole thing .
a row of coloured medals adorned the mans chest and his hat bore the symbol of a bird of prey in flight , with a u - shaped golden laurel thing and what looked like a target in the middle .
he said it like it was an easy thing to do .
i had noticed a strange thing on that score whilst i was practising my visits .
the funny thing is , he added , leaning forward , i used to know someone else who did that with his hands and his eyes .
then it happened , the horror , the thing i was wishing against with every bit of strength i had .
well there s one good thing that s come out of it , i said shakily .
i knew , i could just tell , that she was going through the exact same thing i went through when i first woke up here , when they vaporized my boxers .
it was too weird a thing to make up , so i started looking .
the first thing i saw when i woke up was mom 's and steve 's eyes peering in at me around the doorframe in that impossibly creepy way they have when they watch me sleep .
` ` well , that 's the sort of thing that lying flat on your back will do to you , '' i said .
i looked out my window , expecting to see a jet materialize to whisk me away , but the only thing out the window was a pair of canadian geese on the driveway .
i guess it 's better than feeling whatever the bone - cracking thing did to my arm , but still .
what perfect thing do you see here , cetra ?
billy , who had certainly been in some sticky predicaments before , came to the sudden and rather unsavoury conclusion that the only thing remotely comparable to this particular situation was that of a piglet suckling its mother ; or so he imagined .
and how did they even know about the orange thing ?
the one thing they all came to realise quickly was that no record in that entire library known as the archives was dated .
before it hit the ground , they all heard one thing , a girls scream .
the first thing she did as she blinked back was look at what was coming at her .
they made it an annual monthly thing , though it stopped when savannah left town .
oh no , she ai nt never married , been sick since she was born , some kind of thing with her heart .
unfortunately the first thing she noticed was that i did not , in fact , order coffee , but rather a grape soda .
she and her husband are going to this thing in houston and i thought , well , we could join them .
there was some big thing on the news and everyones trying to leave town which means there are tons of car accidents and traffic is pretty much at a standstill .
as a matter of fact , when the whole thing went down , they were in the middle of roasting an animal over a spit !
but after the whole change thing , it was different .
its a family reunion type thing .
i recorded the whole thing .
its no such thing !
rhapsody felt some embarrassing things take place in her body as capellas crystal blue eyes stared into her own green eyes .
its a good thing you re back or i would have racked up a million tickets , melody said with a grin as she slowed down .
what s the last thing you remember , honey ?
i m starting to get little flickers of memory from when i was asleep and one thing i remember clearly is that i was only allowed to come back under very strict conditions .
not the sort of thing i want going on my record .
it looked as if the boy activated the terminal , then a strange thing happened .
the only thing is daniel began .
that sort of thing just does nt happen .
the only thing he has nt been able to track was the new phone i got .
they loaded him into the back of an ambulance and as the vehicle turned left onto the east river drive en route to cornell medical center his phone bleeped ; a specific bleep which meant only one thing : his tracking sensors had re - acquired tiberius .
the only thing to cause him to slow his pace was the warning bleep of his phone .
the thing is i was nt even sure if i d be coming back to new york .
the thing is , even after all the things he d done , after all the people he d killed because of me , i still could nt kill him .
maybe she is faking the whole thing .
stella did nt say a word through the entire thing .
the last thing that had happened was me screaming at them and storming out of the room .
the first thing i notice when i walk in is that my closet has a chandelier .
he s hilarious , and he already feels like my brother well , aside from the whole checking me out thing .
but i m not sure if it was just a one night thing , or if he s going to want to date more .
i needed one last normal thing before my life was turned upside down , so i flew commercial , i say .
i was right about one thing gabe does have the ability to shred my heart into millions of tiny pieces .
surely this was someone who could finally understand , perhaps she had even seen the same thing .
it was never so hot when i was a girl , that s a sure thing .
but you remember it , the real thing , you were there ?
besides , it would be a waste to spend her day alone amongst the throngs of the bleachers , although she would like to see the excitement of such a thing .
shed heard of such a thing , somewhere outside city limits where it was nt even safe to be outside during the day .
after years of waiting herself , years of watching and dreaming , this thing was finally happening .
so i guess i did nt , cause that s the last thing there was until the old lady came and told me it was safe .
maias waking , it was nt the only thing that changed from the last council to this one .
you really do nt want to get up once this thing has started , sport .
it was the last thing he ever saw .
the next thing i know , i m there .
last thing i remember was sitting down so , do you have a boyfriend miss sandrich ?
and i think philip and samantha have a bit of a special thing going .
the first thing she noticed was that one of the windows was broken .
the next thing , suddenly and without warning , the whole section of the road just fell away and disappeared into the bowels .
i walked straight past them without getting bundled into the back of a blacked out van for interrogation , though it may have been a close run thing .
i made my way down the narrow brown floored corridor , keeping my head down so as not to make eye contact with anyone coming the other way which was standard practice , especially first thing in the morning .
all that kind of thing .
the next thing i knew i was on the surface , looking up at a circle of faces i d never seen before who were staring at me as if i was a corpse .
that kind of thing , i said .
the next thing she sprang for me .
whoever said there 's no such thing as bad publicity was an idiot .
the weirdest thing was , with her right up close and still staring into my face that i started to hear something , in my head like a whisper .
i mean , this kind of thing should nt have happened but edinburgh is well known for its underground worlds .
i had to go there enough as it was and after all the things that had happened there surely it was the last place i d want to go in my own time ?
only because i know you ve been down there too and we ve all seen things that area difficult to explain , said old lachlan .
the last thing i do remember was the sound of the whole place coming tumbling down .
that sort of thing was going to be a right carry on and i for one knew that there was next to no chance of anything coming out of that hole alive .
that damned xyz helicopter had caught the whole thing on film .
after a few days i began to find those morning naps ending in unsettling nightmares , if you can have such a thing when its during the day .
well , how about first thing tomorrow , i call audrey . ''
but the first thing caleb noticed ... ` ` whoa , cool !
the next thing he knew , he was lying on the polished wooden gym floor , entangled by the basketball hoop .
the last thing the rebels remembered was a very mean look on that british kid 's face and the stench ...
my heart started doing that thingthat stuttering , pounding thing .
i walked for an inordinately long time without coming to a turning in the corridor ; i must have gone the wrong way , only the same thing happened when i turned and walked back the way i had come .
skin - to - skin contact obviously was nt his favorite thing .
its a horrible thing .
that was the hardest thing he had to deal with , i think .
aldan went on and on about the whole thing for hours this morning , though .
really smiled , like it was the most natural thing in the world ?
am i the only one who thinks you guys being brother and sister is the best thing that s ever happened ?
apparently there was no such thing as a five minute break .
under these old dried palms we have experienced things unbelievable .
gnat shivered , wondering how it could be possible that he had never been able to guess of such a thing , as fobata said , to warn me of danger ?
you probably have never heard of such a thing , but my lord is a bit eccentric .
i affirm thee that i will not wail if such a thing happened to me , but i m not sure if i could make them smile .
goga growled and muttered , yes , i suppose , although i am here to make sure that such a thing does nt last long .
goga laughed and answered , of course there will be trouble , but that s half of the fun of the whole thing !
myself , i hate family trees and family charts , since its always a record of things you do nt want others to know or a record of things that you sometimes wish that you never knew .
lord k softly lamented to himself , but at least this , fobatas betrayal , all meant one thing and one thing alone without any difficulties to guess what would happen .
lord k softly lamented to himself , but at least this , fobatas betrayal , all meant one thing and one thing alone without any difficulties to guess what would happen .
even now , he wondered how such a thing could have happened , how his own brother could have turned against him !
the last thing he saw was mist , so deep and so impenetrable , and strange figures walking through the darkness .
basha reached down under his shirt and felt the most frightening thing in the world : the locket was nt there .
gnat smiled and exclaimed , this is perhaps the strangest thing i ve ever heard of !
monika reached down and stopped in surprise as she murmured , strange , that it should such a thing to pacaben , although something like that happened before .
a few minutes later , a silent group of guards holding lamps looked out across the valley and king sonnagh stood by his sons side and whispered , such a thing has never been seen for more than 2,000 years .
according to her sources , there s some half - crazed fellow doing such work , thinking that doomba is leading him or some silly thing .
such a thing would be perfect opportunity for shama to challenge gogas leadership , or so goga thought .
then , the whole thing at the abbey probably made him thought of the mother and father he never knew and then , he learned who he was !
finally , he paused to say , my , such a thing this is .
its one thing to sing of great battles and of fallen heroes , but its quite another thing to see such a things !
pacaben sighed and answered , yeah , you can go , but ill never understand why people like you do nt like this sort of thing .
every gringok was faced with a fierce gnome , who all stared at each eye to eye , a rare thing for creature that mainly had to look up at others .
that s the last thing that will ever happen to me .
she could nt remember if mr . corn cut the scenes or if she really could nt remember the next thing that happened .
victoria did nt know the real thing that happened at weisffeld after the war .
you took blood from me and i knew the moment you infected me that the same thing was happening .
being with you and being a part of you is the happiest thing that ever happened to me .
there was no such thing happening here .
i think those two were made of giggles , which is a rare thing for foster kids .
i can see him wondering what such a thing would look like .
this can only indicate one thing .
i fear the same thing .
a tragic thing , he said to sara .
it seemed a strange thing for the cat to think .
all these the same thing happened to me stories are nt helpful .
would nt you know it , the same thing happened to me .
its just , now that the cats hereit might be a nice thing to make happen .
he was one of the cursed , too ; even if that was an easy thing to forget .
i was nt entirely convinced , judging by the state of his appearance , that being hit by a car was the worst thing that had happened to him in the last twenty - four hours .
its probably the prettiest thing to see in this whole stupid town .
the movement is so relaxing that the next thing i know i m digging .
i m sorry about the , hey gorgeous , thing .
the realtor is a local and said he did nt feel at ease at the place , that strange things happened there .
the only thing that could make this worse would be if sage was present to witness this fiasco .
the only good thing coming out of me being mad is that it cured my nervousness .
the last thing i hear before mama hangs up is papa and mama getting into it again .
the first thing i see when walking towards the front door is marisol jumping up and down pointing at the key holder .
i caught the whole thing in color .
i try to remember the last thing that had happened .
the next thing i know i m being swung around ; held tightly in sages arms .
i think back and remember the kent thing had always been a bit off and on .
i m starting to wonder if i did nt hit my head on some metal railing and dream up the whole thing ( more likely , i m sure you ll agree ) .
* * * heres the thing ...
then , at length , i fill him in on the thing .
the thing being the fact that i want to try to weasel my way onto holly isless table for dinner .
you know , that kind of thing .
the thing is , we ve learned that being a bimbo is bad .
there are a few other people braving the weather along with the power - walkers , escaping from one thing or another , and a few couples scattered near the bow , enjoying the peace and quiet , looking out to sea .
the thing is , my dad , of course , does nt know all about the nessas lessons in love stuff .
um , and the totally weird thing isi do nt think he s noticed i m on stage at all .
you know , the strangest thing just happened ...
and it does nt sound like marcs told her about the ted thing .
the weird thing is that , at first , it looks like he s annoying holly .
i m cringing again now just thinking about the whole thing it took holly , dad , marc and ted the whole rest of the trip to stop laughing .
that morning , charlottes mum agreed that family time was nt quite working out for any of them ( charlottes older brother had been in his room all weekend and refused to come down : another thing that was perfectly normal ) and had let charlotte go out to play .
if it had nt been for grave and oliver , sebastians cousins from kent , the whole thing would be a nightmare each time .
yeah , sorry , i was late and you know , the whole end of the world thing .
then the whole end of the world thing happened and i thought people would nt care .
it felt like the most natural thing .
the sad thing is you do nt even know it .
had the same thing happened to them ?
unless she had the same thing happen to her .
then an amazing thing happens ~ he joins in , singing the words i recognise : ` ` oy u hayu , pry dunayu . ''
it really is nt a real thing , but the call twists the dimension .
the last thing they all saw was raphael beat his wings once , and a pillar of light slam down on him .
such a mysterious thing can not be left untold , though , grimdin said .
with every new ring he makes for this chain , dorthias castle goes deeper and deeper into her deserta thing , my friends , that can only be done by dark magic .
this thing he brushed his hand on the pack .
but one thing steven was certain of now .
the whole thing was like a dream a bad dream and only the anxious churning of her insides could convince her that she was awake .
and yet i thought , she responded , with a wry smile , that this sort of thing only happened in stories .
and the next thing i knew , he was on his way to the airport and i was on my way to aunt mauds .
a farmer who saw the whole thing said , it was just like squeezing watermelon seeds between your fingers .
the next thing they heard was alejandros voice blasting above the noise of the room .
there were also many other news clips of the same thing happening to aliens all over the united states .
the last thing sami saw as the doors closed was her mother covering her mouth and laughing at something lieutenant garcia had said .
* * * * * as soon as i wake up , my brain starts churning , the first thing that plays in my mind is scene in a movie where rachel weisz tells ryan reynolds she has never spent the whole day in bed with a really great guy .
next thing i know i m inside the elevator , tripping against some dead bodies .
i ca nt blame my dad for fearing that the same thing might happen to him .
next thing i hear , he s praising lennox for being naughty .
i did nt know who or what a capability brown was , but i did know one thing , when i was eleven , i was nt hand - crafting odes to anything .
it is a strange thing for him to ask .
the man had stepped out of the pages of a horror novel and ash knew that if he caught them , terrible things would happen .
she tried to ignore the nagging sensation of there still being something in the house something possibly like the thing in the cathedral .
strangest thing maam , the officer shrugged at her , the car was full of hyenas .
i know where and when every single thing that happens under my supreme command , junior commander .
its a shame when that sort of thing happens .
and how come he knew about that portugal thing .
in fact , i hope it was nt the last thing that ill ever see .
the last thing he saw was the swift foot of ebarro .
it would be the last thing she ever saw .
willow rolled her eyes just as her stomach did the little twirling thing again and looked forward towards the unbeaten path , trying to remain focused on the journey ahead , and not on the warlock beside her .
her stomach did the whole butterfly thing , and she was nt sure if it was the height or declans body right next to hers .
willow felt the impact of banes magic hit her like the target that she was and the next thing she knew she was being whisked away backwards into the air .
i feel like i should be more freaked out than i am about this place and the things i ve fought .
whatever terrible thing is happening to her is making her scream through gritted teeth .
glancing around the room , i see the same thing everywhere i look .
the last thing i heard was one of the men speaking .
the thing is i never understood what real family was until i came here .
he s kneeling beside me again , leaning his face close to mine , and its the creepiest thing i ve ever seen , and believe me , i know creepy .
the first thing that breaks through the beating in my ears is a scream filled with so much pain that it shatters a piece of me .
the only interesting thing they saw was the fortigroff and loftloomburg families strolling along the main street together .
its not the worst thing in the world , dagdron said .
i will be leaving for home first thing in the morning .
jas must have fallen asleep because the next thing he knew he was in a dream .
about how one night can seem to be looking like one thing will happen but end up being completely different with completely unexpected outcomes this is my one night to take a chance ... all it takes is just one night dedication to my children first and foremost , for those moments mummy is so zoned in on her characters that time flies and you play well thank you .
its just one thing after another !
that thing i had with josh .
lea had seen that kind of thing before in her life on the streets , and usually , no one helped the needed .
the last thing lea remembered , was seen darkness before falling unconscious .
the surprising thing about that , is that i was the cause of his fear .
` ` well , get ready , you 're about to see another interesting thing today . ''
` ` what interesting thing are you talking about ? ''
none of them expected such a thing , but they could n't back down from it , especially lea .
i was n't expecting luisa from moving straight to the corner and we should expect the same thing in the next round .
the last thing karen saw was a punch landing on her face , and sending her to the mat .
everyone was asking the same question as benen , but they were sure of one thing .
asked fergus , who had never seen such a thing , and noticed that alonso was looking confused .
` ` it looks bad , i know , i saw the whole thing on the corner , and i ' m surprised .
the worst thing that could happen is that lea turns into a tragic accident . ''
this is the most unexpected thing for a counter - puncher . ''
` ` wellthe thing isyou have been asleep for a whole week . ''
such a thing had never been heard of .
then viktor watched as boris ' dark glare scanned the field and noticed two things : onean audience of the girls in the class ; tworomulus was heading to the forest , some forty meters across the grassy field .
gaining a blood brother , let alone a friend , was the best thing that 's happened to me yet .
no such thing happened .
` ` the funny thing is , it was their idea .
it can be a grave thing to know one 's fortune . ''
zindelo was surprised i had n't seen some of the strange creatures while fire - juggling there , but the truth is , i ' ve seen something stranger , and zindelo 's confession convinced me i had n't imagined the whole thing .
she looked up at the tiny security camera that had caught the whole thing .
sincerely , sketch the first thing jill noticed was that the letter addressed her by name .
the next thing she noticed was that the letter was signed sketch .
the thing that took longest was figuring out where to put the photothe one photo shed ever bothered to keep and to frame .
it was painful for her to watch , yet she knew leon had seen the same thing .
in the mood to protest , but eager to get the whole thing over with , ash walked up to finlay and let the seraph scoop him up in his arms .
annalise had thought that becoming a fallen was the worst thing that could happen to her .
although it was true statement at the time , it was not actually the worst thing that could happen to her .
she could not stand to see the same thing happening to finlay .
i was confused because the last thing i remember was running at a witch and her flash banging me .
the one thing i did find out , though , was there were a lot of violent deaths in this town throughout the years .
if there were flipped cars , discarded laundry and other weird things going on in this town up in the rocky mountains then that meant only one thing : elves want to be informed about future releases ?
or was it just a random thing ?
it all depends on your record , witness testimony , and that sort of thing .
only thing is , in the book , it 's written that the coalition must find each other on their own .
it was the knife , not the place , that kicked things off ; perhaps it was the place that finished them .
they were good maybe the best thing he cooked .
but we were very late that day because of the pea thing in the garden .
i d go through the whole thing again .
but the amazing thing was , almost as soon as sally pulled the gun and shut us in the dark , dexter started to talk properly .
one thing i was sure about : preston was nt going to like losing his ride .
now , looking back , there s just one thing i wish could be different about the story of what happened to me when i took my knife to the new school .
the nice thing was cabiri had n't even had to work hard on frederick .
` ` mal was about to begin explaining why that was not a good idea when the strangest thing happened .
zisa had watched with glee and thought gleefully , ` ` the only thing that could be better with this situation is if mal had been disowned .
there was an inscription on the face of the tomb , grown faint over time , but still readable : illian , a sensible man will remember that the eyes may be confused in two waysby a change from light to darkness or from darkness to light ; and he will recognize that the same thing happens to a soul .
the last thing i remember was illiana giving me his voice trailed off .
that s the coolest thing i ve ever seen .
that was the single most awesome thing i ve ever seen .
the same thing that happened with the bmx race happened then , and he ignored it .
it was the last thing joshua remembered .
man , this has got to be the weirdest , scariest , craziest thing that has happened in history .
next thing i knew , alex was already halfway up the stairs .
this was the type of thing that i had nightmares about when i was little .
at the time , i thought this was the craziest thing that would ever happen to me .
how about first thing tomorrow morning ?
that 's when i noticed the second thing : my hands were tied .
only thing is , sarah and i were tied up , so malachi 's girl was the only one who could break the fight up .
that was the greatest thing ever !
they ' ve got a thing going on in d.c .
only thing was , i was on all fours .
the last thing i remembered was the giant vampire choking me , and i had no idea how i d gotten home .
the next thing i knew , i was being shaken awake by my mom frantically shouting my name .
well , there is this one thing that i had read about a long time ago in a book about vampires .
my mind kept wandering to how this blood pact thing that nick mentioned would work and how it would affect us .
table of contents beginning glass tree crabbits brin parthas spritons yrn riddles climbing dreamthing ending about the author acknowlogies and apoledgements other books by this author visit his smashwords page lenna and the last dragon lenna 's fimbulsummer lenna at the all thing the stone shepherd 's son casey jones is still a virgin ( for older readers ) 13 stories to scare you to death my dad is a secret agent where the cloud meets the mountain and the mountain disappears for lauren * * * gobber hocked up a lungful of something nasty and spat it like a fruit pit off the side of his cart .
loora 's mum was sick in bed with this light sickness , and the last thing he needed was the girl chasing after him with his toolchest instead of doing the housework .
` ` we ' ve had this ol ' thing since time imminterial .
seems the sort of thing a smart one like you ' ud want to know about . ''
just keep quiet , he 's a fruit basket , a looniac , a crazy skek who would n't know a bit of sunshine if it shrivelled his mangy face all up , just stay silent there 's nuffing to say to him do n't give in he 'll put those pins back in , or worse -- ` ` such a , a purple thing it is , to shine such light on a weakling like him .
` ` rare thing for skeksis to gather away from their private rooms .
still , unbelievable things had already happened by the bucket - load in connection with this place .
in the midst of all the fantastic things taking place , mrs . lonely had paid little attention , suddenly focusing on her own hand .
in order to change reality , you must not think so broadly as story , or world , but charactera particular thing that you want to change or make happen .
i want you to make it grow again , marlon said , as though it were the most natural thing in the world to request .
funny thing that , lord pipsqueak said .
she had heard this sort of thing before from percival .
the lightning thing , percival indicated .
mrs . greta had watched the whole thing as she waited there with a plate of cookies and muffins .
since he could n't determine what should be captured in the picture , he decided to capture the whole thing .
i know you 're still on the mend from that whole tree thing , but could you be a champ and watch your brother again tonight ?
next thing i knew some chicklet started callin ' me panch .
apparently link 's impending appointment with death was the one thing watcher did n't want to chronicle .
` ` what is it , some kind of before and after thing ?
had he known about this thing back in pensy ?
the first thing he saw was one of celia 's pigtails .
if , for even a second , people thought such a thing was possible , there would be mass hysteria .
he doubted such a thing was possible , but these days one never knew .
she swears she saw the whole thing from her back window .
link had come to expect this sort of thing from him over the last few days .
i saw the whole thing , link .
she frowned , sweat was a rare thing for her , unusual .
sure , i ve taken it bad , all this being dumped thing .
i m not quite sure what she means , but my hopes begin to rise that all this thing with the gloves , with the freak king , is all some elaborate joke jackie has somehow managed to organise .
in trying to change any future event , we often end up creating the very thing we feared might happen .
even so , he grins stupidly , like having two fionas is the most amazing thing he could have ever dreamed of .
and then , as if to make every crazy thing that s happened to me recently seem perfectly reasonable after all , the most beautiful man i ve ever seen the most beautiful man i could ever imagine rushes up from below decks .
you can leave first thing tomorrow morning .
its not a usual thing for a god to dream of his own death .
same thing that happened to you and esther her parents are being transferred ?
flyers will be all over the school first thing on monday its a deal said the girls and they turned to leave .
stories of the old days about kissing and all of that would be a thing i would be experiencing myself from that day onwards !
elspeths words from that morning rang through my head , the sight of her shadowed eyes startling as she said , there was no such thing as nightmares in awkward until perfection came , but lately we ve all been having them .
it was last thing in awkward i saw .
this halloween thing a knock on the door saved me .
the only good thing that echoed in my spirit was the phrase hand of love .
well , the thing ishe is kind of older .
i mean , its always been pretty obvious that i m different , but i just figured it was some kind of genetic thing , or radiation , maybe even a super power .
its the coolest thing i ve ever seen , well , aside from when mason is really happy .
seeing me has always felt like such an intimate thing , something personal and private .
mason acted like he d never heard of such a thing .
the same thing every night .
even at the time i knew it was a strange thing to focus on , but brian and i had played with our own set just the day before .
you know , before the whole split thing happened .
the really sad thing is , i do nt think he was even trying .
what if the same thing that happened to your caretakers happens again ?
what a funny thing to find here in west wales , '' she said .
limping was n't the worst thing in the world and i was n't a whiner .
one thing i did know was i should n't be jealous of oliver weston .
i ca n't say i remember what the big awesome thing was .
definitely would n't have been the worst thing to happen to me .
it seemed the saddest thing to leave this world of lightness behind and plunge deeper into the dank chasm .
his thoughts rambled on : the first thing that happened to her was she was sold into prostitution .
not by any measure she could determine , although everything she experienced told her that the same thing must have happened to hoang - ha .
never heard - a such a thing . ''
this kind of thing being seldom seen outside science fiction , ` ` this was a victory mills thought he could accomplishuh who could argue ? ''
` ` look , why do n't you come out and level with us about this thing , '' two - snoot flannigan growled at goody .
` ` there 's one been seen out in vegas , general , near a pyramid '' he scratched his head : ` ` funny thing . ''
not after that thing they 'd just seen '' that thing was supposed to be in vegas , '' goody jabbered .
` ` hey , i read about it in the papersthat thing , '' batterinew joined in .
next thing we know you got our daughters selling their bodies for a hit .
the only thing we d be proving is that the statistics are right , and i know the last thing you want to become is your mother .
the worst thing she s ever done to her , in fact the only thing , is give birth to tammies mother .
the first kiss was the most romantic thing ever .
the first thing i noticed was a car , sleek and black , purring at the end of my driveway .
there s the whole gigantic wrist corsage thing , and the stress of wondering if your pits smell halfway through a dance .
he s pretty normal once you actually talk to him , and the lunch thing was just a joke .
the next thing i knew i was on the ground , looking at the branches above me , blue sky shining through .
lucy paused as she glanced at jason , then quickly went on , the next thing i knew , jason was there , tearing him off me .
the next thing i knew i was in my bed .
but as i said , it is a secret thing , so you must nt tell a soul about it .
cemtnyracc ascended to the throne platform , and looking down at the body of gorin , he saw a remarkable thing : skirdkhen had not only beheaded his brother , but had left mysterious scorch marks on the skin , as if from the breath of a dragons fire .
the only thing is , i ca nt figure out how it happened .
she found the whole thing rather amusing , and even though she was now among those girls that were of the right age to present themselves , she would not be getting dressed up like some princess in a fairy tale .
the prince looked quickly to aylan , who was observing the whole thing .
it went well , so they made it a regular thing over their next three years there .
aylan asked , shocked , as oslan did nt speak almatrae to her knowledge , and the only thing the image revealed was zaltreous at his desk .
the same thing that would happen to you if you used too powerful a spell .
it was the damndest thing i ever saw !
for a moment she thought that the whole thing had been a dream but that notion quickly dissipated .
oh , well i wan na ask if u wanted to come to this dinner thing at my house .
let me know what you 're doing later ok . after the .. dinner thing with your boyfriend .
my heart does that thing again .
i always tell her , her being gay was the best thing that could have ever happen , otherwise , my parents would have never met .
it 's the most beautiful , purest , sickening thing in the world when you two are together , so i just figured , it had to be love .
the first thing we ' ve gotten together .
funny thing was , i was expecting to get some stick from brandon at school but he did nt even look at me .
now you re going to psychoanalyse everything i do or say because i let you in on one stupid thing that happened a long time ago .
like his bright idea of talking to david would be the thing to make my father crawl out from under my mothers thumb and finally take some action which could help us all move on .
there was one thing they should have noticed though .
the way paul always held on to me , like letting go would be the most painful thing imaginable .
the only thing left to be seen was what else could possibly happen before the song was over .
that seems to be a really big thing the movies like to do .
i promise in my most seductive voice please let it actually be seductive and not some corny thing where i am making a fool of myself as i stare him down .
then came the strangest thing , the oddest thing , the most inexplicable and puzzling sensation .
then came the strangest thing , the oddest thing , the most inexplicable and puzzling sensation .
i ve already been blamed for the bridge thing .
after the bridge thing with christy was on the news , i knew that someone had lost the damned thing and immediately began tracking it .
scarcely able to believe her eyes were witness to such a thing , tabitha looked on as each spherical layer upon spherical layer of light exploded from the ball in a brilliant spectacle she would only be able to describe as a pristinely white aurora borealis on earth , directly in front of her eyes .
other than that , all you have is a stolen vehicle and the thing last night with the remote .
there was a thing called free television .
about the same thing but this time it ai nt squirrel tails , its cheek - asses .
that is the last thing she s cognizant of before his light goes out and his lips touch hers .
since the twister happened she has n't planned a thing , and yet here she is , sitting in her car in a vacant parking lot at midnight , rejected by a guy she never should have thought twice about .
it 's obvious there 's a thing between you two . ''
my mind kept playing one thing from the previous night back to me , much like a scratched cd that skipped over and over .
except for the hammering of their hearts , it was as if the whole thing had never happened .
pulling himself out of bed , he was suddenly self - conscious about how dreadful he probably looked first thing in the morning .
it was the first time he d been in such close proximity to one of the creatures he had disbelieved in until the night before , and here in this medieval room , first thing in the morning , it was all just a little too much .
the next thing he knew , his face was plastered against the glass .
he was dressed in ordinary armor , but he removed his helmet so that the last thing his father would see as he died would be his taunting smile and ruthless black eyes .
if the body of the shadow lord was translated from earth to the world of the penumbra , then it stands to reason that the same thing happened to avalon , does nt it ?
next thing we knew , the penumbra showed up and attacked us .
the next thing he saw was his dad , who blinked back tears when peter met his eyes .
it wo nt be long before that bucket is a thing of the past .
throwing up after a performance was one thing , but doing it over and over was very tiring , especially since he had nothing to bring up , anymore .
i know , mac said , but i m not used to that kind of thing .
the managers saw that same thing happen to other performers , many times .
if daniel had nt been so freaked out by the whole thing , i would nt have had to stay strong .
if there s one thing i do nt like , its being made to feel weak or stupid .
eric stumbled but did nt fall that was the only thing aaron could be proud of him for .
i asked him where he was going with them and he said he could nt seem to find his daughter but that she had left her clothes behind , i did nt question him because that sort of thing happens all of the time - someone leaving your store with one of your dresses and leaving their clothes behind , you re telling me that sort of stuff happens all of the time ?
skylar likes to walk around in the dark sometimes , its a weird thing she does .
well see that s the thing no one knows really who he was and then when people went in search for him he just disappeared .
are nt you the two who had started the whole dancing thing sunday ?
it was all her idea i was against the whole thing if i m being honest , so you should really be thanking her , ryder said .
how do you lose a wisp without seeing a single thing ?
no , there s only one thing other than running away that ryder might have use for that car , she explained .
bystander # 1 was still under control and had nt made a move because he was nt instructed to and then the weirdest thing happened alias # 7 controlled the body of alias # 4 , lifted the mind spell on bystander # 1 and assured bystander # 2 that everything was all good .
three things happened after that first nates head began to loll to the side before falling off completely , and then sidney screamed the loudest cream she could muster , before she fell out of the tree and onto her ass .
she asked about you but i told her that you would be back so she drew you a picture ; i put it on the fridge for you so you d see first thing in the morning .
i d promised brooke and crissy i d go to the party tonight , even though it was nt my kind of thing and they knew it .
the next thing i knew , the dude that had called dibs on spankings was standing between us .
this was the most exciting thing that had happened to my boring life in years .
next thing i knew , cups of beer were in our faces .
same thing wednesday morning .
my uncle and aunt have some big thing to go to though so i m not sure ill be able to .
the thing that really chilled me was what i had realized on the way home .
in other words , which rock did i live under that news of lexi was nt thing one on my radar ?
the next thing i knew we were lying on the bed , kissing .
i looked from her smile down at quackers and the next thing i knew , quackers was out on the ice with the geese .
ryan opened his mouth to protest that it was nt nearly the same thing , but then realised that she was actually dead right .
we have nt got pe first thing , said ryan , as he and jack sat in registration , debating which week of their timetable they were on .
last thing i knew , i was swimming for my life .
to ryan , such a thing seemed perfectly normal now .
school is a bad enough place to be without this sort of thing doing the rounds .
it was truly the most bizarre thing ryan had ever seen .
it is a rare thing for anyone to know another dreamweaver in real life .
he clicked on the home octant , but the same thing happened .
i never pay much attention to that sort of thing .
how can you anticipate every possible thing that could happen ?
the next thing he knew he was standing over their bodies , bat in hand , wiping the streaks of black blood from his face .
it started off quite fun , but then it just became the most awful thing i ve ever experienced .
and of course , its the one thing at this school i was actually looking forward to .
you know , that sport event thing that happens , i do nt know , every four years or so .
the brady thing , though , well , that had gotten a bit weird .
next thing i knew , i got super hot ; i thought it was from the dancing , but no .
she shoved it into the lock , jiggled it around and the next thing i knew , we were inside .
we needed to set it up so it was out of sight , but would still capture the whole thing on tape .
traditionally its leaves through the letterbox , eggs at the windows , that sort of thing .
that was quite possibly the scariest thing that has ever happened to me , said angelina panting .
i ve heard that sort of thing before , said angelina .
hey , if you want to delay that whole end of the world apocalypse thing for ten or fifteen minutes you ll see some great ones for the new year celebrations .
i started watching it , meaning to go to bed , and the next thing i knew it was ending and it was well past midnight .
the next thing she heard was her mum screaming .
however , something different thing happened .
i felt that something terrible thing like the earthquake or tsumani was shaking everything .
every time you move to a new place or he goes on a trip , are there weird things going on in the area ?
instead of answering me , he did the strangest thing .
the second time , same thing happened .
why , i ' ve never heard of such a thing .
now for the most important thing : i got saved !
maybe it 's a gut thing we do n't see each other too much .
for braddle , the most surprising thing of all , however , was the large crowd gathered in front of the building .
up until a few minutes ago it had been , he was certain , his secret ; it had been a magical thing in his life not shared with anyone else ; nobody else knew about them nor would they ever know .
his extensive injuries and being expelled from school were bad , but the worst thing for him must have been getting kicked off the football team .
as much as i hated this being done in my honor , it was nt the worst thing in the world .
the only thing that i was bracing myself for was the earthquake drill like the beginning of school last year , but after the first four classes , it still had nt happened .
no , i did nt see a thing .
the real thing that caused all of the problems was the rite of passage , and that will never happen again .
genevieve , you know its a gradual thing .
nicholas , is this type of thing normal here ?
this had to be a thusian thing , but what ?
they are probably past the whole bad dream thing and weird things happening inside them .
because , i m doing a report on that sort of thing for school and i thought i could get a couple of quotes for my paper .
i guess they were listening to the same thing i wasthe storm had increased in its intensity again and the loud cracking of falling tree limbs was picking up .
one thing i know for sure is i m the 4th , i thought , running along the driveway in shock .
i had a school thing .
kachada stood calmly in front of me as if he did that sort of thing everyday .
celeste , you 're the best thing that ever happened to me .
the way he had been there of all places on all days while of all things were going down .
you would think i would n't either especially since there 's no such thing as a short flight in australia .
it was n't even so much that i wanted to be a part of this thing they had going on .
that 's another thing you would n't know anything about , nisha , i said .
he was seeing something in them the truth , the thing that would change everything .
after the first time with the old man , i held out hope that it was a one time thing .
just the highlights since the whole thing would have taken nights .
but the thing was , mrs . chandler , the really scary librarian from next door , gave me a hot tea and lent me a blanket .
she was not wishing for the same thing to happen , for her to hear the voice of her grandmother reading to her in her mind .
not to mention the fact that almost all of this entire class of people witnessed the only unique thing about me already this morning .
i have to expect this sort of thing now that i am stateside , i suppose .
that was the weirdest thing i have ever seen !
that was the last thing i saw before i lost consciousness for the second time that day .
and then the worst thing possible happened ; kiran snuck up behind me grabbing both of my shoulders and shouting boo loudly in my ears .
the only thing we were waiting on was for someone to make the first move .
the last thing i heard in the dream was the other man shouting a scream of rage ; i felt kiran disappear and knew that i could now wake up .
i thought you told me you were nt coming to this thing ?
until i saw the bright , golden light following them ; seth , the only light cutting through their thick blanket of black , the only physical thing that broke up the darkness .
the second thing that happened was when i turned my head back to warn the warriors standing with me about a rear assault the words were taken from my mouth in a violent swoop .
and the second thing i know is that at some level .
um , my grandpa had that thing tonight , though , seth reminded me softly of the training that was planned for after dinner , just like every other night .
i went for my sword again but the same thing happened .
everyone else seems to think its a good thing a sign of things to come !
some house party thing i trailed off and then felt the need to defend chases choice of the first date .
so we decided to do this thing tomorrow night because he already told his friend he would be there , i rambled nervously .
ivy , the accident the car crash i know you had a soft spot for sam , but what happened was nt necessarily a terrible thing .
there was no sign , or omen , or great thing to come .
its more like , everyone knows my parents are super relaxed about this kind of thing so they all expect me to have them .
and the next thing i knew i was in the hospital .
they took my statement , in which the only thing i lied about was that i had been set up on this date by my pimp .
well leave first thing in the morning , but we will take your offer .
i mean , honestly , who could have known zombies turned out to be real ; they were supposed to just be this thing in movies .
kelly looked at her two guards , who had seen the whole thing .
i asked , realizing that was an incredibly stupid thing to ask .
the last thing i remembered was putting down a magazine after i read every article in it and closing my eyes for a minute to rest .
she must have fallen asleep then , because the next thing she knew her father was calling her into the dining area for dinner .
this is nt the worst thing to happen at greenfields .
it seemed both ridiculous and crazy to be considering that such a thing existed , but then felicity had twice seen oliver do things that she could not explain .
the whole thing had been quite peaceful .
still , there was one thing that mr oakley had said that stood out .
it would have been easy to imagine that the whole thing had never taken place at all .
if there were flipped cars , discarded laundry and other weird things going on in this town up in the rocky mountains then that meant only one thing : elves .
i have hunted a lot of monsters in my day and one thing was always the same , in the end i always won .
you do nt need a thing like that happen in your house , do you ?
the only thing that i missed she quietly said .
jessica was also laughing while filming the whole thing .
and this could have meant only one thing alberta was in danger !
my junior prom was a big fat thing , slamming my left hand up and down steady on the soft bed in both gathered fury and absent pain while slapping my right hand viciously attacking the growing army of clothing along the bedspread .
that s why i m here for the evening but ill be leaving , first thing in the tomorrow morning .
i ask cause with school and the mysterious eye thing i 'll probably still bury myself in the library , but i ' m not gon na explain myself to him .
the thing is , apart from being quiet , he s kind of aloof , i guess .
but the only thing that followed was several replies of what ?
other drugs were developed but the same thing happened , not everybody performed as expected by the new drugs either .
did the same thing happen in the original dream ?
joan had just committed the worse thing a relationship could possibly endure and milton was nt here to defend his honor .
of the few things he was glad for , from clyde savage , was that he did nt hesitate to supply him an unlimited amount of coffee to get the work done .
then , without notice , the most amazing thing happened .
it was a regrettable thing , and the hardest judgment i ' ve had to make since your mother . ''
he pulls the blanket away , revealing a trove of stuff he 's seen plenty of times before , and one thing he 's never seen .
father grins , a rare thing .
it 's not an intentional thing .
the first thing i notice is that i ' ve just left the cleanest room in the building .
i do n't know what that thing was , but it was bad . ''
then there was the thing with the mastodon , but we do n't know he did it . ''
the thing with the lava monster wrecked all my theories .
and now there 's this new thing downtown .
he 'd get off because of the strider of chronos thing , but what about everybody else ?
freniar explained to me it is an annual thing , and everyone helps each other out to make sure every can finish and attend the party .
there is no such thing as late at a servants party .
but i did see one thing .
the funny thing , he does nt seem to even recognize me .
it was a little dark , but a flickering street candle - post thing made our faces glow a bit .
he is the best thing that had ever happened to me ; i am given breaks , lia and cook pet me and lia even let me skate across the tables .
he looked so happy , as if it were the most enjoyable thing in the world to blow up hundreds of years of work and study .
i was nt even sure if wanted to know ; it just seemed like the thing to ask , so i had asked it .
he asked me , not in a sense of oh son introduce me to girl you plan on marrying or anything but sort of along the lines of is she the one who so graciously carried your bags and fixed your food for you while you were in the middle of the desert thing .
i squeaked and gasped , and the next thing i knew , i was waking up on seven small beds lined up to make one long enough for me .
but it was the oddest thing ever to hear him say what he did .
and that was about the only good thing that night .
the first thing i notice is that the car moving .
i m just curious as to one thing .
especially when she forgot to pick up the popcorn at the old video store ten miles from the house and he could retrieve it within two minutes , the clerk at the register being the one thing to slow down his mission .
the next thing i knew , she was putting her blade in my hand and saying that she had to dye the rest of her body now or else the colour would nt match her face .
if such a thing ever came to pass , we would hide them or pass them on to other friends .
we learned how intent you were on preventing the same thing that occurred in that village from happening to children like winnie . ''
one thing i would tell izzy and hugo about was the argument with my father .
anyway , she was watching this marketing thing about paradigms .
harry , you ve got to explain the hair thing .
everything in the little kitchen suddenly looked newer and full of color , invitinga beautiful place where happy things happened .
the only thing i really wanted was to run back to the kitchen and stay there forever with him .
there s this charity thing tonight not interested .
i know but i m supposed to be at the excavation site first thing in the morning .
of course , she had no interest in it and it was nt just a one - time thing .
the only thing they ve reported correctly is that i m dating matthew mason .
i guess when you put it that way about not everyone being able to do magic , its not such a bad thing to learn those skills .
you know , vianez , penora said as they walked back towards the school , it might not be a bad thing to learn how to do without magic , even if you are a witch .
what are you talking about ... wait ... what s the last thing you remember ?
and the second thing we clearly ca nt see ?
the last thing he remembered was making out with mona , the lead clerk at goodwill .
i do nt believe they would disown me , and i have every intention of going back to them and somehow reversing this thing that has happened to me .
there is a thing calledexcuse me .
rimselda stood locked in place , and she looked up to see if she was imagining things .
your wings have this pattern thing going on .
leon held his dead brother through the whole thing .
no illusion about it , i look like a basketball playergood thing i can actually play .
i m going to help you find sansonis first thing tomorrow morning .
are these to do with this kamae thing ?
why are we arguing over a silly thing that we ca nt even prove ?
chapter xv : a good start a strange thing happened to pheia that night .
she was also quick to point out that she herself did nt have a known last name , an unusual thing even for a furosan .
something most unfortunate happened to her when she was rather young , an incident that caused her to lock away her feelings for fear of the same thing happening .
the throat thing was happening again .
one of my teachers walked right by us and saw the whole thing go down .
little did he know that lucas had seen the entire thing happen that night .
but there was one thing going on that evening .
they do nt generally allow that kind of thing , she said gently , nearly cooing me .
one thing was clear to me that was nt a few minutes ago .
the first thing his conscious mind chose to notice was that his back was warm .
my mother had emailed photos to me , but they were nt nearly as amazing as the real thing .
its not an easy thing to havea beautiful mother .
look , i have nt had much experience with this kind of thing .
eventually one thing led to another and now she was planning her wedding .
lily had died in the fire and that the same thing would have happened to me , if simon had nt been there .
this was the best thing to happen to me in months .
i have a neighbour who knows a thing or two about this sort o ' thing !
incredulous that he seemed uncertain about such a thing , she asked , ` ` you are n't sure ? ''
very pleased that she had problems of any kind , hank ingenuously replied , ` ` oh dear , lady ruth ; why , perhaps we 'll just have to cancel the whole thing ! ''
pleased that natalia 's comment had not diminished his enthusiasm , ruth began to anticipate something even more special than tea was brewing , if such a thing were possible !
we were going to miss the whole thing .
one in three times the thing that popped into mikes head was a lyric from his current favorite rap song .
brandon and i just stood in the corner turning our noses up at the whole thing .
i saw the whole thing , eric trumpeted , that was so messed up , its good you told her .
and um , like the sad thing is i do nt think people will change .
the next thing you hear is that michael got suspended from school because a friend he was with got caught at a dance with a bong in his backpack .
i do this thing these days when i pass strangers , i point out something cool about them .
well it will never really be complete , cause there s no such thing .
should nt it be beauty at the end , not thing one , two and three ?
that was hands down the funniest thing i ve ever seen , she managed to gasp out .
but it was actually the best thing to happen .
this was the most exciting thing to occur in her nineteen - year lifetime .
what rule says we have to tell you every little thing that happens ?
does this sort of thing happen a lot around here ?
just some freak thing that would never happen again .
funny thing is i was just about to call you guys .
just a full moon thing , he insisted , acting as if it were nothing of importance .
i do nt know , its going to be a vicious thing to watch , and chances are you wo nt see anything more than we already know .
it would always be the first thing anyone saw and the one thing they remembered about me .
and the most amazing thing i ever felt her arms slowly and gently wrapped around me .
that was the most beautiful thing that i ever ... she paused , no ; i could nt even have imagined it .
i ve seen this kind of thing .
cory was right ; it was an unfair thing to expect , and i regret it .
and the people from st . anns are still holding that prayer vigil thing in the parking lot .
no , its a random thing as far as we know .
we say thank you for each little thing the other does , because we love and appreciate each other .
the thing is , right now something weird is happening to the stone gate .
* * * the next thing i know , its morning .
then jack gets another nibble but the same thing happens .
the crazy thing is , i know were surrounded by food .
its the last thing i remember .
but now a strange thing happens .
i guess its because we ve just come back from the dunjini world , where there s no such thing as litter .
the next thing i know i m lying on the ground .
mind you , its not an easy thing to explain .
then a strange thing happens .
but we know one thing .
the next thing i know , beth is gently shaking my shoulder .
the frustrating thing is , i was almost there , he says once he s got his breath back .
the last thing i hear is dr collins voice .
yeah , i ve seen that sort of thing a few times before , i lie .
you see , i think global warming ( also known as climate change ) will be the most important thing that happens in our ( or , at least , your ) lifetime .
in fact , it might be the most important thing that happens in human history .
the next thing he knew , he was sitting up on the floor beside the couch .
i saw the same thing .
i need a new job , is the next thing i remember .
the first thing that occurs to me is that someone is calling my name .
this thing between adam and me is proof .
and let me just say , its the most ridiculous thing i ve ever seen .
he shoves me to the ground which is the only thing that saves my life .
winnie probably had n't heard a thing she was intent on trying to draw her best picture of izzy .
i wore heavy , shapeless sweatshirts until wolf and yollie told me that they had been only teasing me and then i felt stupid about the whole thing .
anna i have been thinking , i just saw the most awesome thing and it got me thinking i was being a dick i roll my eyes at the message again .
how could she let him do this , this thing that was for the children who followed the rules , this great thing that i somehow knew was tied up in what the bower was really about , tied up in who we were and who the fae were and what underlay everything ?
i m pretty sure this thing with melody is nothing to be concerned about , but you and susan are both good - looking , young girls and well , there are monsters out there .
the last thing he remembered seeing was a flash of light , and then the purest darkness .
besides , he was positive that it took more than a couple of hours for that sort of thing to set in .
well i have to confess that a very odd thing has happened to me , ben said , imitating the regent as he spoke .
he remembered the brief blur that he had seen in garstang and reasoned that it must have been the same thing .
a light came out in front of the vehicle and nomi could see some strange thing going from the vehicle .
the subsequent rounds went by and the same thing was happening over and over .
the only thing he does when we call him is that he comes to us .
seeing parents on the verge of losing a loved one is not an easy thing to witness .
he himself had never seen such thing happen .
if it had nt been for a similar accident two months ago , colton would have thought he was imagining the whole thing .
that sounds like just the thing !
its called feedback , and its a nasty thing to watch .
the last thing he remembered was watching bernam and reece kneeling next to the old womanthe woman that bernam had asked colton to hurt .
though jake usually does this kind of thing , '' she wavers uncertainly .
i told mom about it , but she shrugged it off , saying that if he came back we would refund it , but that sort of thing happened all the time , not to worry about it .
the whole thing was so surreal , almost dreamlike in my memory .
but you being trapped in that trunk is the best thing that could ' ve happened in this case , '' he says , putting his big hand on my shoulder for an awkward pat .
it was the most terrible thing i d ever seen but i was torn between wishing for him to stop and wanting him to continue .
the last thing i wanted to witness was an all - out brawl , between a lone wolf and four ferocious cats .
what s the last thing you remember gran ?
it was the most painful thing i d ever witnessed .
it is one more thing we could be punished for .
the same thing will happen each time you resurface .
just what was that thing lelands voice came hard and sharp .
the grey wolves will be arriving first thing tomorrow morning with a force of two hundred men .
becoming jennifers friend is the only good thing that has come out of this whole situation .
the only thing you re sorry about is getting caught .
matt told me they were playing a game and you walked in and started the whole thing !
i m not saying the same thing is going to happen to you , her mother reassures her .
maybe this was n't a regular thing for lynn ; maybe she just really liked him .
there was one thing lila was right about when we discussed the things i see .
i saw a thing .
it was the first thing you ever saw .
then it will be the last thing i see , too , lila says .
the war is not the only thing i see .
molly only thought of one thing .
except , i did nt know whether that was just a couple thing , or something mystical .
mandy had spent hours listening to me over the past two years as i gushed about the latest wonderful thing davis did for me .
when she opened her eyes , she noticed an odd thing happening .
time slowed she saw fedya in front of her yelling , she could hear a large sound erupting behind her and the next thing she knew , she was in the pod and they had launched themselves away from the greenhouse ship as quickly as the pod would move .
each would tell about one thing that had happened to them , and they would go around and around until there was nothing left to tell .
i do nt plan on making this a regular thing .
worst thing that happens ?
it was nt an easy thing though , katie still had nt figured out exactly what it was , and it was nt exactly something someone could show her .
at least one thing had gone right amongst all the drama .
next thing i know , he s telling me i m different and not from this world .
one crazy thing at a time , please .
making out with that cute werewolf boy is nt the only thing that happened , is it ?
their ship departed from goldun first thing that morning , after selena had taken the time to explain to them , zoe , and adrah that she had decided to stay .
i ca nt explain this thing that s happening between us , this connection .
they will be anxious to begin your training first thing in the morning .
i am sure your father and brother are good teachers , and i am obviously not able to fly , but i do know one thing .
i just figured out how were going to win this thing .
that was the last thing i heard before i surrendered to sleep .
the next thing sara knew , he was ripping the fishs head off .
he stripped out of his clothing and then the most amazing thing happened .
the next thing i knew , i was waking up in the hospital .
the next thing sara knew , gaels arm was tight around her waist and they were flying across the room .
she heard another door closing , and then she could nt hear a thing .
it was the most amazing thing i ve ever seen .
mother opens her mouth , i m sure to chastise me for such an unladylike thing as having a knife hidden on my person , but i silence her with a finger to my lips .
as i expected , we have been summoned to see the empress first thing in the morning .
i did nt like to think about the thing , let alone talk about it .
i had never heard of such a thing .
one thing i knew , apella was right all along .
` ` he 's actually already in bed for the night but i will bring him in first thing in the morning .
the first thing i notice is how tired i look .
whatever it was , she and the wind warriors now had one more horrifying thing to worry about .
i would nt be surprised if the whole thing was staged just so she could get close enough to kill us all .
i must be staring off into space because the next thing i know , carlos is snapping his fingers in my face .
this entire thing had the smell of something supernatural , but as long as it stayed away from his world , darien did nt want to get involved .
something happened with her sight and suddenly beth could actually see the little x she had put on all her targets , a thing that was supposed to be impossible since they were too far away .
remembering the excruciating pain in her arm , she examined it closely , expecting to find her skin and flesh totally melted , but no , the only thing there was a relatively small burn on her inner wrist , with an unusual design in no way able to generate such pain .
pushing michaels question aside , beth focused on the thing she knew for sure .
in an instant , a flash of her nightmares returned to her mind , and the next thing she saw was the creature writhing and agonizing on the floor .
it is nt funny when someone interrupts this sort of thing , leon replied before continuing .
i just warmed the air around her , a very useful thing on a cold day .
beth had explained to bernard and chloe about the bearer securities she had found , in order to appease their worries , but she did not tell them about the secret safe or about the warrior thing , and she felt like a liar .
and that thing you said , about the portals are you sure only you can close them ?
beth wondered how many girls worried about that kind of thing before a party and could not think of any , even on tv shows , besides her best friends .
as for your increased energy , i think that s because i sent part of mine into you , but i do nt know if it will fade or if it ll be a permanent thing , well have to wait and see .
amie , do you understood what i did that day when we were attacked out there on the field , the thing that turned me into a kind of electric - girl for several days ?
lets check the edge of town , see how far this thing goes .
suddenly his expression changed and , the next thing beth knew , leon was throwing her far away from him .
it is the weirdest thing i felt .
the idea of becoming a mother at sixteen was the scariest thing that shed ever thought of .
oh , no , it must have been the most horrible thing ever , cami said while trying her best to sound interested .
she said that they were going to hang out at the mall but that could always turn into a quick lets run by my place type thing .
do nt humans love that kind of thing ?
it was the most beautiful thing i d ever witnessed , the most precious gift i could be granted to cherish .
but the sad thing is i can never touch them .
the thing with mr . thomas , crying like some idiot in school , the weird woman who says she know me , and collapsing on the floor , it just was not my day at all .
( has nt that thing ended yet ? )
that was a onetime thing .
but that thing , it was unreal .
i was tired of being patronized , of them trying to convince me of some explanation for every strange unexplainable thing that happened to me .
young , scribbling bryn made christmas lists and wrote about slumber parties at her cousin danis house while swirling , cursive - writing bryn wrote about waking up a week after christmas eve having slept through the entire thing and lying to her aunt about dani staying the night at her house so her cousin could go out with a guy .
i hated that feeling of standing still , of being a bystander to this thing that was happening to my body and not being able to do anything about it .
i tried to imagine how much different it would be if my mom and my uncle were the real thing .
the chill was still cleaving to my insides and i could nt stop thinking about the thing i d seen .
sometimes the things we imagine are worse than the real thing , right ?
the only thing that scared me was bryn disappearing for good .
i like to think there s no such thing as accidents and that you re out here and she s over there on purpose .
this ghost was the first being ( human or not ) to see the same thing that i had .
its a rare thing to get a saturday and a sunday off .
hello kitty would have made it impossible to breathe and getting the thing off in the morning would have been an amusing thing to watch .
this type of thing usually does nt happen .
the same thing happened last night at the studio .
that s a pretty rare thing for me outside my little circle of friends .
did that weird taste thing happen again ?
the next thing i knew , zander and oscar were home and i felt a million times better .
not only was it awkward and weird between us , the only thing we saw ivy do all morning was go into the converted garage in her backyard and come back out hours later .
he s the only one who can tell me what s going on with him whether or not its the same thing that happened to him .
i may not have understood half of what he said , but this is one thing i m sure of .
the amazing thing is its working .
she has nt had the nightmare in a while now , her nightmare for the past 4 days were about llorel and not the good kindif there is a such thing as a good kind of nightmare .
the last thing i did hear was her voice telling me not to die in her place , the lights of police , and the cold blackness of death .
still , the beasts loss was no sad thing .
khalid , its the best thing ever happened to me , i smiled remembering the feel of her , the softness of her skin , how her hair swept across my face and tickled me , how the lovely flush colored her whole body and how she moaned into my mouth .
he slept through the whole thing , did nt wake up even when they pulled blood and did more tests .
the only thing they kept him going was his crusade against crime .
the oddest thing , i looked under a microscope at the damage when i was stitching and i swear i could see the marks of up of a birds foot holding the wound closed .
you know one thing ?
as teenagers , he and his friends had all gotten caught up in the apocalypse stories with zombies , nuclear weapons and that sort of thing .
the airborne virus had a ninety - five percent infection rate and from everything thing they d seen , very few people simply died .
i thought people were going beat this thing , elle whispered .
dedication to kiana , shawn , mommy , and bonita , for making this whole thing possible and always being there to support me .
its a terrible thing that you ve had to deal with this so young .
she felt pretty proud of that , even though it was a silly thing to feel proud of .
we have spies in most of the other guilds across the country , but i fear even that might not be enough to stop things like this from happening .
i ve gotten used to finding everything on this , and yet there s this big thing that s left off of it .
we have spent our lives studying and have not heard of such a thing .
the only thing she could see were the tops of the trees bellow .
the funny thing was she was nt worried about him .
its a wonderful thing , to fall in love .
this was obviously the most exciting thing that had happened to them in years .
she looked across the water and saw that yet another thing had gone wrong since hasin had nt taken out the angels leader and ruen had nt helped joyah escape .
i do nt have much experience with that kind of thing , but the other two have been a little busy .
he realized one thing .
the oddest thing was even when we attacked them , they did nt try to bite us .
seems like the same thing is happening everywhere , shane said , sick from hearing about coachs death .
i checked the internet , and the same thing is happening all over the world .
i ve been thinking a lot these last few days , and one thing i ve realised is that there may not be a tomorrow , so we ve got to live for today .
its the only area secluded enough for such a thing to happen , lord lindsey , still in evening dress , was explaining to malins uncle seth and to aunt aila , who was seated on a white wrought iron bench .
a wild creature raging on board might be just the thing , rilse .
and if she had burned him , was it possible such a thing could happen again ?
the ball was just the thing to take karis mind off his troubles and relieve some of the tension from their lives .
how had they let such a thing happen ?
how and why could such a thing happen ?
the biggest thing since being allowed to go to public school .
in fact there is so much talk about this place and how weird things happen there , how its best to avoid this place , planes get lost , ships get lost , and people get lost .
i hate that such a horrible thing happened to him when all he was trying to do was help me .
but one thing i noticed , it took some people longer than others to snap out of it .
i do nt know what to think , but i do know one thing .
the entire thing was lead by mason montford , the local celebrity chef .
it turned out that aubrey 's mom had also brought in a camera crew to get footage of the whole thing .
next thing , i was in a hospital .
i ran toward its source again , but the same thing happened .
if ever there was one good thing that happened to me when i went to kanela , it was meeting her .
this shitty thing always happens whenever i get nervous .
* * * i dozed off , and the next thing i know , the most beautiful eyes were looking at me from where i was hiding .
then the most amazing thing happened , the seeds started to sprout , and when they were a foot tall , stopped growing .
it seemed like an odd thing .
the same thing happened on her second attempt , but as she fell she realized which tail muscles she had to use to launch herself into a perfect arc form .
college is indeed a rare thing here .
i really hate this place and that man just died and its just one thing after another .
he had not felt magic like this in a long time , and it could mean only one thing .
the only thing it did nt stop was the itching , which tae had told him was a good sign .
last thing i remember was sitting on the couch watching keenan and trent wrestle and dwayne rubbing my neck .
we apologized to each other for the fight we had in the car and made up and blamed the whole thing on us being so screwed up on vodka .
first thing she sees is ms . strauss , who 's right up in corena 's face looking like she 's about to bite off corena 's ear .
next thing you know , tammy starts yelling at the referees , ` ` god is watching you .
next thing you know , tammy 's telling us how ms . strauss stinks up the teacher 's bathroom , same time each day , right at noon when all the other teachers wanted to use it .
when tammy showed up , she was kind of smiling to herself like she thought the whole thing was funny .
the way she stood there , looking all calm and observant , i got the feeling she 'd seen the whole thing , like she was just taking it all in .
i figured he was gon na let tammy handle calvin , with her being right there and seeing it all , but then a strange thing happened .
one thing i knew for sure is that i did n't want them to see me cryingbut calvin 's voice kept ringing in my head , ` ` what is it ? what is it i ' m supposed to know ? ''
but of course for them , i ' m sure it was the most exciting thing to happen in two months .
out in the hallway carrying on with trent , cracking up and talking loud , as if whatever they were laughing at was the funniest thing in the world .
when kearns went to see what was going on , we all followed him out there and saw the whole thing .
` ` i ' m just saying that hope 's already a depressed person , and this has got ta be the worst thing that ever happened to her . ''
the thing is , hope did n't look like she wanted to be hugged right then .
but i also realize one other thing .
it looks like my embarrassing revelation was just another silly thing that escaped his mind .
she pretends to laugh like she finds the whole thing really funny .
o bad thing from me , i giggle .
o bad thing for me , i replace the glasses fingering the objects .
an adorably sweet thing happened today - i saw a photo of me in averys locker .
the last thing i remember clearly was paxton kissing me .
the market was a beautiful thing , if i were any less sullen and grumpy , i would actually enjoy it .
the only thing , when i met her , gabrielle acted all nervous , like someone or something is after her .
the thing he was nt expecting , hearing who could only be arleigha call out for him to stop .
setting foot into victors bedchamber , the first thing everlista saw , his standing at the window with his back turned toward her .
remember that thing you were telling me about a year ago ?
without watching anything , i could listen to the lovable and engaging song playing and without stinting imagine every romantic thing happen between me and alex .
he tried to grab for the mermans arm as he fell into the water , but the only thing he caught was the captains smirk .
when the city of huron was built many epochs ago , a strange thing occurred .
she could just make out a body inside slumped over the steering wheel , a strange thing then happened , the swirling dust cloud outside seemed to part revealing a calm still night above them , the awful noise of the storm had dissipated and they were left with the whispering howl of the wind as it caressed the side of the building .
now funny thing is i ' ve only got black wool left and i ' ve a feeling that could be your colour , going by what you were wearing when you came in .
tadge considered the boys revelation , he had a talent for listening in on stories , this was not a story though , eldeen would not lie about such a thing .
i wake to the chinking of cups , i am lying on the sofa , the first thing i see , the dark stain on the floor beside the chair .
a christmas alone must be the worst thing ever , with the memories of the past , cooper even found three presents for me when she offered to clear out dads room , he was always pretty organised .
when they did escort a guest into zzyk 's presence , the first thing they 'd see was his hand holding their brain - band controller .
` ` there 's no such thing as shots ahoy . ''
franklin arranged the whole thing with zzyk .
mel looks as if she is enjoying the whole thing .
` ` well , i want to see you tomorrow morning first thing in the cafeteria okay ?
that was the last thing zarah heard before she blacked out .
this kind of thing is very rare eric .
` ` i bought two tickets for a star wars thing next week , but something came up and i ca n't go .
i need put my head between my legs once more , i ' ve not needed that for a long time , but now it seems the only thing to be helping me to lower the pressure i feel in my head and chest .
every single night i dream of my death , and the only thing i can remember is that i die , and your eyes '' , the look on elizabeth 's face impresses me , she is as surprised as jay .
` ` the thing is ... the thing is that you are a cool guy '' that 's all he says .
` ` the thing is ... the thing is that you are a cool guy '' that 's all he says .
this is not the best moment to put up a scene , but the best thing i can think of it 's actually the one that i think that will make us friends forever .
i must ask him about that , it seems the only cool thing in their existence .
` ` i ' m so sorry i said that '' and that 's the last thing i hear before i get to my room and go to sleep .
i see fear in her eyes , and that 's the one thing i thought i would never see .
i have been in the shower more or less since jay fell asleep and the one thing i do n't want to do is get out .
and that 's not the only thing that begins .
jessica is looking at the whole thing from the now closed door of the room while holding ingrid 's companion .
i do n't even notice the fluctuations anymore , this has become so normal for me that i think the one thing that will feel strange is to seat on the plane for eight hours .
by the end of the first half i know i have missed a lot of the game , luckily for me , as i am not a diehard fan of sports i do n't feel too frustrated for not having been able to follow the thing , or match , i should think , just in case someone over here can sense that i am not into football .
the only thing that i remember when the first half ends is that the patriots are leading the game 9 - 10 , and since i am seating on the giants part of the stadium , and wearing their shirt , i try to be as angry and mad as the rest of them .
that only meant one thing : man - meetin on the porch .
i have nt heard a thing , samuel stated .
chapter 4 beautiful stranger the next thing i knew , i was home safely home .
a lot of people have hell , odds are hearing what was going on inside lazarus xcavares head is the scariest thing that ll happen to you today .
the next thing i knew , the curious and apparently feisty falcon was diving into the fog amid a pillow of mystical golden smoke .
i ve been out here for the past few hours collecting samples , and the only thing i ve happened upon is a scared little girl in the woods , he replied with a slick grin .
hell need all of it first thing monday morning if they plan on closing the mines sale by friday .
the next thing i knew , my dramatic little sister had thrown her arms around mike and locked him in a tight embrace .
the only thing i saw was mike , who looked worried .
the next thing i knew , mike started descending inch - by - inch down my neck .
i figured it was simply one more crazy thing to add to my list , which seemed to be growing at an alarming rate .
the next thing i heard was karas voice yelling out at me .
the next thing i knew , he d thrown me down onto the hard bed and was on top of me .
what horrible thing could ve happened to warrant an embrace like this ?
the next thing i knew , my floodgates had opened and tears were pouring from my eyes .
the next thing i knew , a west virginia state trooper was standing over me .
but the most surprising thing was that i did nt rip off my hand when it rolled under the table saw .
the next thing i knew , he d transformed into that spellbinding purple mist and took off through the woods in a flash .
the only thing i m going to catch is a cold .
i fumed silently , what she needs is a cold shower the next thing i knew , lila had snatched the ice water out of my hand and started to pour it all over herself .
the next thing i knew , i d taken my fist and punched a hole in her bedroom wall .
that s the unfortunate thing about fire .
i meant to tell you first thing this morning , when you ran into the cave in such a huff .
i was still a little ticked about the topaz thing and felt the need to air my feelings , officially .
the next thing i knew , mikes eyes were closing , and he was leaning in to kiss me , totally misinterpreting my open mouth as a daggone invitation .
the next thing i knew , the onyx had locked his stinging grasp around my neck and then he swooped me off the ground .
the next thing i knew , tanner had snatched my arm and was tugging me up the rock formation .
i d come to terms with everything about the nature of possessing the wand with the exception of one thing death .
the next thing i knew , a siren was blaring in the distance .
the next thing i knew , harper riverside had entered the study with karl right on his heels .
the next thing i knew , he was pulling something out of his jacket and i was pretty sure it was nt his cell phone .
just as i d told samuel , i revealed every crazy thing that had happened over the past week .
tanner did nt confirm a thing .
i ve never heard of such a preposterous thing .
the next thing i knew , lazarus blew a quick puff of poisonous blue powder in my face .
ok , so when does this thing start ?
its pretty much the greatest thing ever .
i m telling you , we are going to win this thing .
this thing goes on and on .
that was the funniest thing i have ever seen in my life .
nancy , i need you to tell the board we need to see them first thing tomorrow morning .
this is going to be the biggest thing in the history of any disney theme park , mr . ravitz said .
` ` i have never heard of such a thing , '' charon muttered , more to himself than to darius .
was it a one - time thing ?
the suited man reached out to grab the hood of the cloaked figure , but there was suddenly a flash of light and a loud bang , and the next thing peyton saw was the suited man rolling through the air before crashing hard into the wall on the opposite side of the room , before collapsing to the floor .
she was only dimly aware of all the things that had transpired , almost certain that she was waking up from a vivid and freakish nightmare , that she was in her own bed , wrapped in her blankets , and that she would soon be enjoying a fresh cup of coffee from her own kitchen .
the next thing he knew , he was in darkness .
the last thing i remember is being pulled under the surface .
he was in his late thirties , with a tang of last nights beer on his breath , in need of a shave and not at all the type of person i 'd like to see on my doorstep first thing in the morning .
* inevitably we all got drunk and the next day i had a hangover , not a pleasant thing to suffer at six oclock on a cold winters morning ; the mail bag seemed even heavier than usual , there were more small packets than ever , the ride in the van shook my stomach about so much that i was glad to get out in the cold again .
the only thing that surprised me was when the priest asked the congregation to pray for me as well as for the deceased ; he gave me a cold hard glance when he said this , as if any prayers should be offered to saint jude , the patron saint of my hopeless case .
it would only be after my mother had left , wrapped in that reconstituted silence which seemed the one natural thing after so many years together , only once i was alone that i would consider the gesture , recalling that the hand in mine had seemed so much smaller than in the past , when it had been used mainly to scold and rarely to pet .
the sad thing would be that i continued to suffer this .
' right , first thing tomorrow ill nip into town and get one , ' she said sarcastically .
virginia led him to the borrowed car and they drove across the city , only a five minute drive but in that brief time he managed to let slip hints at a boring home life -this is the most exciting thing that s happened for weeks- at a dissatisfaction with a marriage which offered nothing but the security of a home .
that , surely , had been one thing that goomer had done for him , given him a basic instruction in how to be beautiful .
if dirk was alive , i d blame this thing on him .
then i exhale and hup at the same thing .
i was thinking we might use a weapon like that golden talisman thing you talked about one time .
his long face and sad brown eyes looked worried as he said , but i m packing up and leaving first thing tomorrow .
a year ago he would never have believed that such a thing could happen ; that he would be shooting at his fellow countrymen .
two and a half years ago , on the day of her fifteenth birthday , the same thing had happened .
the same thing had happened to fayrih .
and deep in her heart , she wished for one thing , a wish she had longed for years agothat she had died instead of janu .
blood was the first thing he saw .
a happy thing .
to witness such a thing in the flesh , '' he shook his head , ` ` even i am left speechless . ''
but all of the nobles in the kingdom had been sequestered in the throne room for hours and not a single thing was amiss .
i went to the cocks & tails for my urban legends story , but the only thing i came away with was a sore head .
in the life of carys reilly , such a thing was absolutely unprecedented .
the next thing i knew , aidan was shaking me gently .
the media was having a field day with the whole reverend gary thing .
the really sad thing is that i was nt sure what i was most upset about .
still , i do nt know what he means by that or where such a thing could be .
baron jarbarr leered and yelled , yes , what a wonderful thing i ve seen today !
zokla threw up his hands and muttered , fine then , papia , i have tried my best to encourage this forgiveness , but i suppose such a thing will not happen in my lifetime .
fato and frigo argued with each other for a moment before they finally quieted and leaned down from their tree branch so that they would be able to hear things better .
when kotak had been wondering if the assassins had already killed fobata , he had nt assumed that his plans could have gone awry , but such a thing had indeed happened .
still , he laid the paper to the side for now to delay such a thing for as long as possible .
yet even with all of the terrible things that had happened to him , the name had remained with him , within those sweet memories and his secret hopes of redemption .
of course i was worried , frightened that if such a thing happened , it would ruin me and perhaps doomba as well .
she may have a temper about every single thing i do , just because its dangerous and she is probably right .
eventually , he realized that he was getting weary , a bad thing in the water , and so he struck out for shore .
oh , and i bet the movement of prisoners is nt the only random thing here .
i have never heard of such a thing .
now that kiss is just another thing i never should ve let ephraim do .
i know its a horrible thing to think , but i need to stay alive .
the next thing i know is that my gaze focuses past it and all the way down to the bottom of the cliff .
i m also , i guess , slightly less worried that the glowing aura thing was switching off the streetlights .
because if this sort of thing really happens , then you re not a crazy person with a brain tumor .
and at the end of this stream of double exposures there s just one thing i see .
seems like the sort of thing that would cause someone to get magic - cursing pissed , eh ?
if it looks like she could actually win this thing , the hex could get really nasty .
break it and the first thing ill do is bury this blade in your heart .
there s no such thing as magic and i m going to be a model patient .
the whole thing strikes me as odd .
` ` i daresay , '' said the voice down by my feet again , ` ` it a lucky thing i pointed out how your shoes are untied , is n't it ?
next thing i knew , he flopped over dead ! ''
and the unexpected thing here is that this whole battlefield was a fake !
` ` the thing i ca n't figure out is why she and mr . harris suddenly are saying they do n't have bad dreams anymore .
` ` what horrible thing is going to happen to me now ? ''
` ` horrible thing ? ''
` ` are you having strawberry and onion lasagna tonight -- is that the horrible thing that 's coming ?
then , kayla looked at her and the oddest thing happened .
bryn still had not decided if she was going to pretend that the whole thing never happened or if she should say something about how she regretted her behavior .
the only thing that made bryn believe nicoles story was she had been invited over .
if you touch it , the same thing will happen to you .
you know , its just the same thing with every day and nothing changes .
lightning flashed from the sky , for a moment , i thought i saw someone dropped from the air , but because of the hazy atmosphere , the only thing i saw , was the outline of a person .
out of the corner of my eye , i saw her , my only friend , the leader of the whole thing .
we passed several transparent windows , each showing the same thing over and over again , while she muttered how insanely beautiful her creations were .
the next thing that suddenly happened was that scars lips were pressed against mine .
it was the same thing i witnessed back at the laboratory when mary kidnapped me .
i miss my little play thing , scar .
ken felt the same thing , and suddenly dropped all the bags on the floor with a loud thud , dizzily covering his mouth with his hand .
distracted by the brightness , ellion had already advanced toward us , and the next thing that i knew , two blades had collided with each otherhughes .
the thing is , even though i appeared to be as skinny as a beanpole , i actually weighed nearly 700 pounds .
you know what the funny thing is ?
when they re lying on the floor , crippled and pissing blood and you re crouching in the corner praying that the same thing does nt happen to youjust remember that i gave you a chance to walk away .
seeing her alive again was the only thing that could have alleviated my suffering .
he shrugged , ` ` i ' m afraid loss is just a thing we have to learn to live with .
` ` that 's a strange thing for them to want in payment . ''
` ` if there 's one thing you can say for certain about the little folk .
i know that the court of the sky kingdom is unusually transparent , but in calambria being able to trust anyone who is n't close blood is a rare thing . ''
the second thing catherine realised was that there was even more to daniel than she had known .
banishment and being burned alive , that sort of thing .
they had been discussing this trip constantly for the last six months and this was the last thing he expected .
it sure is amazing that almost every bad thing that happens has some kind of silver lining .
and the craziest thing that uncle dave found out was that just across our border in quebec they have one tenth as many crown wards .
issy puts the first big log on the fire and then looks at monica , hey who knows what will be the next big thing ?
yep this trip for sure is the best thing that has ever happened to him .
biggest thing is its the first time you ve ever had a gun pointed at you , and guess what ?
its strange how meeting issy and pete was the best thing that happened to them on this trip , but also for sure the worst thing .
its strange how meeting issy and pete was the best thing that happened to them on this trip , but also for sure the worst thing .
an odd thing to plea .
same thing happened in the sixties i know , he said , remember the hippies we interviewed after we got back from the island ?
saw the whole thing .
same thing must happen when clark bent wears his glasses .
saw this kinda thing back at the monastery .
that would be the most awkward thing to have happen , and i do nt want to give anthony any more reasons to think less of me .
i wonder what other situations she has been through and if this kind of thing is something ill have to get used to as a huldra .
thomas was sure about one thing .
* * * * * the next thing thomas heard after landing was a shrill scream .
he walked like a zombie into the city wondering what terrible thing it held for him next .
everything had returned to normal , but thomas had no more idea of what was going on than he had when the whole thing started .
the only thing that can happen .
this was just the sort of thing to push them over the line .
it 's the oddest thing i have ever seen .
i ' ve seen the same thing happen to seasoned veterans .
i was worried that the last thing you would hear from me , would have been words i said in anger .
if that s the case , then perhaps one good thing came out of this after all .
my head is spinning from the unfathomability of this story , but the frightful thing is that its incredibly reasonable too .
the redemption means everything to me , but it never occurred to me that what i ve devoted my life to could also be the thing that ends it .
shiloh , seeing you hit those rocks and not wake up was the most unbearable thing i ve ever felt .
what is this going thing ?
chapter eighteen as he left , breath rasping through his inflamed throat , justin thought of one thing he d like to know from the dwarf .
the making is the thing , not what comes after .
is this a normal thing the hare does ?
last thing i remember , you were dragging me out on a stretcher , justin offered .
like , a realm thing that happens sometimes ?
one thing i did know , though , was that i wanted him out of my room .
it was just one more odd thing that had happened while i was with holt .
that s the best thing ever .
maria was terrified of this thing and i could nt blame her .
again , i must ve drifted off into my own little world because the next thing i know , maria had taken the prototype weapon off me .
the only thing i could determine was that the goddamn throttle had been jammed forward .
the next thing i knew , i was on a boat .
they train for this type of thing every single day .
the crazy thing was these guys were probably american .
the last thing i notice on her face is the beginnings of guilt replacing the anger as i fall deep inside .
in your memories as a thing of the past instead of something you still wish for .
the only thing that happened this week was the murder of mr silvi .
you did nt need me to , though , i guess , because the next thing you did was wave your hand around the room and say another word that popped all the cage doors open .
so the same exact same thing happened to both of us , but only i got amnesia and lost my wings ?
frotwoot managed to get out before being thrust forcefully back into magically remembering things , picking up right where he d left off : a faith and a temple spring up around the tree that was finvarra dryadia .
rolling over a bit to get a better description than that one guy , the first thing frotwoot noticed was that he was green ( goblin , the dryad supplied , adding , and no , they are not supposed to be ugly , so do not ask ) and the second thing he noticed was that he was wearing nothing but a ragged brown loincloth .
rolling over a bit to get a better description than that one guy , the first thing frotwoot noticed was that he was green ( goblin , the dryad supplied , adding , and no , they are not supposed to be ugly , so do not ask ) and the second thing he noticed was that he was wearing nothing but a ragged brown loincloth .
i think there s some tax thing i do nt know .
i ca nt believe i ever missed these things , frotwoot muttered , rising wearily to his feet once his heart had stopped pounding and making his way through a myriad of aches and pains to the little hatch at the base of the great tree .
chrissy had almost made the mistake of telling her father that a far more important thing to worry about than disappearing newspapers were vanishing angels .
i ca nt understand why everyones acting like its the nearest thing to a terrorist attack on hermon !
you know : policemen with big nasty guns , that sort of thing ?
this is the most amazing thing i ve ever seen !
the next thing i knew , i was seated on where yvan seated a while ago .
it should ve been the best dinner yet because i am going to eat in one table with yvan , and it was the best thing that could ve happened but guji texted me and said i should eat dinner with him .
but the next thing that happened made my jaw dropped down .
the night was the worst thing that ever existed in my life .
the crazy thing i did this time was crawl toward the door and leaned against it .
you re the best damn thing that ever happened to me .
like that thing with the boy last week , and losing my sword .
food from the shops , and that sort of thing .
i m still not really sure how it happened , but next thing we knew , the two of us were waking up on the cold ground with big lumps on our head , and the children and the wood and our swords were all gone .
what is the strangest thing you have ever seen ?
i heard they had some positions open , so i went and applied , and next thing i knew they had hired me .
what is the strangest thing you ve ever seen ?
the only thing that could bring this crowd to a standstill would have to do with a nasty cat fight between best friends who ' ve been dating the same guy , the dj playing barry white 's ballads or , a misunderstood somali guy pulling out a gun and start shooting randomly at the crowd .
for the other students , the vandalism was the most exciting and interesting thing that had happened at pemota high since the first day of school .
it was the one thing that had happened so far that rey felt he could nt talk to christy about .
but the really interesting thing was huron said james was almost passing out at a party and he said , i m a freakin avocadite .
annette told me her mother got a call from a woman who witnessed the whole thing .
mom , the strangest thing happened .
the nice thing is that zoe and chloe live together , so i only needed to call one of them .
i envisioned that same thing .
and why did we both feel and see the same thing ?
the oddest thing was i found a rose that grew in the shape of a heart .
sure mr . maia , lets win this thing .
so what about that whole cassidy thing ?
the whole thing seemed to be a blur .
the first thing being clint consistently refused invitations to his house , never once going there .
maybe this kind of thing was okay in your home country , but , here , in america , we do nt look to well uponwhatever you did .
he had barely heard of such a thing in korea .
its not an easy thing to acceptsomeone else sacrificing themselves for you .
another shocking thing they realized was that he was entirely alone .
that sort of thing only happened in romance novels .
you were the best thing that ever happened to him .
i thought for a second that i d fallen asleep and dreamed the whole thing .
one amazing thing that happened was i actually got a date to the prom .
there s one thing i know for sureif i come back to central next year , i m going to buy you a new phone so you can get my emails even when you re in school .
i tried rachels phone and the same thing happened .
i forgot to confess one thing , one very bad thing .
` ` yeah , well the funny thing was that brad told me later he was planning to propose there at the ceremony , and you threw him off so bad he could n't do it ! ''
so it 's kinda a cool pilgrimage thing most us berio 's do every once in a while .
he did nt know if jake had some horrible thing he was dealing with or what , but maybe being at this camp would help him ... or maybe not .
did you go to that get real thing this morning ?
the funny thing isthe magical thing is , that when you intend to have something happen , and you let others know about it , and you start working toward it yourselfthings start happening , things fall into place to help you .
when he opened the door , the first thing jake saw was drew sitting on a bunk with his back to the wall .
it is not a thing to be waited for , it is a thing to be achieved .
it is not a thing to be waited for , it is a thing to be achieved .
where before , when willow had her link open for me , there was the feeling of wings flying free , but now there was no such thing .
` ` well there 's the thing .
witnesses said that they saw two boys run from the scene not long before the whole thing and the guy caught fire .
` ` it 's the worst thing in the world . ''
as if my life was n't complicated enough , first there was the dream and then that stupid teleporting thing .
i considered lying for a second , but for all i knew they could test for that sort of thing .
the most startling thing however was willow 's face on the largest of the screens .
jack smiled as if this was the best thing that could happen .
* chapter 9 if anyone ever tells you you have no choice then the really surprising thing is you do the desire there !
part of me felt like i was being ridiculous , because i d grown up in this town and literally the worst thing that had ever happened was some stolen garden tools .
the next thing i felt was a thwack when the spell camilla flung at me impacted my chest .
he sighed and said , no , that s not the dorm that was known for that sort of thing .
the president called an assembly for first thing tomorrow morning .
he was torn between relief that what the president had said did nt start with we captured lisabelle verlans , and disappointment over the same thing .
it sounds clich , but the tunnel thing really happened .
it was the worst thing that 's ever happened in my life .
finding reizo was the best thing that ever happened to me .
the only thing that they did n't know would happen was that charlotte would die . ''
you got all quiet and the only thing i heard was the sound of your nostrils sniffing my sweet scent !
it could have been the best damn thing that ever happened to me .
it was always about this this one fucking thing .
this was an everyday thing for her and she clearly loved him for it .
the craziest thing you ve done is having that side lusting thing with james .
getting dissed by the boy she liked was probably the worst thing that could have ever happened to her .
everyones probably moved on to the next big thing that s happened here .
same thing , kind of happened to me .
humiliation would imply that i allowed such a thing to happen , which i did nt .
every elder here used the last of their wishes to ensure one thing : that upon our deaths , the connection between you and ms . ainsley will be severed .
is this going to become a regular thing ?
a crucial thing to remember .
we 'd waved our goodbyes and i shuffled back to gabe , who was leaning against the side of his truck , watching the whole thing .
the whole thing was over in just twenty seconds .
perhaps we d better call the whole thing off .
the first thing he saw was to his left .
the last thing he wanted to see was his brothers murder .
neither bolt nor hoover had seen a thing .
he d never heard of such a thing , but there was always a first time .
their illuminated bodies were thrown around like a ragdolls , highlighting every little thing that would happen to them .
it told phillip one thing .
it had to be such a strange thing to see from an outside perspective .
the strangest thing of all was on the eleventh floor .
or even worse , maybe he was nt even real and royden dreamed the whole thing up .
the siren continued , looking and sounding very nonchalant about the whole thing .
the old man said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world .
right as everything seemed to come together the worst possible thing happened .
not a thing happened .
that was the most amazing thing about the scene , although it was just one of many amazing things .
the only thing i suffered was a minor black out and a bruise on my head .
the last thing i hear is that wretched womans voice .
its a normal everyday thing there , i say .
the land is swelling with those who hate people like us but deep down they want to be us it is the strangest thing i have ever seen '' my mother added .
the next thing i saw was a booked called ` ` the book of illumination , the key to the gates of lights '' , i grabbed that right off the shelf .
you handled it pretty well , these days that is the worst thing to call someone .
skylar was even in our circle now but the last thing i remember was her going to work with her father .
i ' ve studied this sort of thing , you know .
` ` i ' ve heard of such a thing .
it was almost as if she had planned the whole thing .
its all the kids that went to that buffet thing this morning , angelica whispered .
the same thing happened to us , except our mobiles were nt working to begin with .
besides , there s one thing on the poster you have nt noticed yet .
.after a long pause dad begins againwell the thing is .
the first thing i notice is a stable boy waiting to take our horses .
i should head back to the doctors office first thing tomorrow to get cleared for classes .
he made an appointment for first thing this morning , he says , pointing at my bag .
that s one more thing to mark off the list .
the changes they would create in the students certainly would be a beautiful thing .
dan , its a normal thing .
there was so much to think about : her mom , school , amy 's behavior , the odd things going on with samantha and justin , her plans for the future , passing her honors classes and getting into cornell , getting them both their own place her thoughts did n't want to form themselves into anything cohesive and useful , probably because she was so very tired .
but , the most unusual thing is that the damage seems to be repairing itself .
derek just shook his head and chalked it up to another thing to add to the weirdness .
but after sitting through it three times , one thing still puzzles me .
whether this thing goes three more days or four more weeks , those students will leave here better prepared than when they came .
meanwhile i d be hollering and crying and making all sorts of noise ; not the sort of thing a department store wants the paying public to see .
sheryl was still with poodle but after he got locked up on our stick - up thing , their relationship cooled .
a year or so after the store thing , maybe eight months after we were free to mingle again , poodle and i began robbing drug spots .
as we toyed with the different ways it could go down , we realized that it was going to be fun and exciting , and our initial hesitation dissolved in our zest for this new thing .
its an amazing thing , putting a barrel in a motherfuckers mouth ; a motherfucker who a moment before might ve been a big shot , all of a sudden reduced into a crying little bitch gagging on cold steel .
we timed the whole thing , and added thirty minutes for what - ifs .
that was the natural progression of course ; a hood kid under the gun of a single cop is one thing .
one thing i knew for sure , i had the booch of blow i took from hard eyes .
the next thing i knew , it was dark .
the next thing i know , i ' m standing in front of the dimensia lab .
the next thing i know , i am three feet in the air , jumping towards him , with the leg of the coffee table raised above my head like a wild comanche , my opponent 's head in my proverbial crosshairs .
the next thing i knew it was morning .
the next thing i knew comfort was packed and set to depart .
it was a heartwarming sight , the sort of thing that sets the hairs on your neck on end , seeing the machine set up in its entirety .
playing rockefeller with your idiot chums is one thing stock options and profit sharing but you do n't actually think you can get across the mountains in that thing , do you ?
one more thing no one had bothered to tell me about .
it was perhaps the last thing i had expected to see in the mountains .
saw the whole goddamn thing .
the whole thing this whole train it was your idea .
it is not always a joyful thing to have a feeling for what makes others work , you know ?
my sister is a nurse and she will know what sort of thing happened to nwanyi 's face .
as lola held the children , touched the children , enjoyed the joy of the children , year after year , somewhere along the way a funny thing happened .
` ` what is this odd thing on your business card ? ''
the cool thing was , she told me she was staying for a couple of weeks .
man , it was a gorgeous summer night , but the weirdest thing happened .
the strangest thing that you can imagine happened that night , hours before naeva even got there .
the thing that turned the tide to the positive was when naeva did her little girl thing .
i do nt think she was thinking that consciously because we were really were good friends , but to her , i was also the guy who had the crush on her and always would sort of thing .
terry smiled and chuckled a bit , i have to say , that sounds like it was an amazing thing to experience .
so help me , i am going to get this ball out of this damned trap if it is the last thing i ... where the second shot had created yet another divot , a mans hand protruded from the sand , a large ruby ring on his middle finger .
no just well , one thing : one guy mentioned that his golf partners lost a bundle to him , that he was a real shark on the course .
a terrible thing this , terrible .
is this some seedy thing where i should be carrying a can of mace and a whistle ?
once this thing gets going , the mediall probably be on it .
three on the voice - mail after we closed and one first thing this morning .
most of the people on the list are expected : police officers , the forensic pathologist , that kind of thing .
the same thing happened when punks replaced hippies at the end of the summer of love , and the flower children switched to hard drugs .
imagine the same thing happens as with turkmenbashi of turkmenia , who died suddenly .
one other thing happened today : a james bond offered his services to me .
i heard his mom blamed the whole thing on the cops .
yeah but if shed bothered to ask , i d have blamed the whole thing on jeremy .
my phone number is appearing in the newspaper connected to the thing .
i was looking down on the whole thing and i could ve done something , but i just watched .
i could vividly remember things that never happened , like dreams , or michael being killed , so the thing that defined me was highly suspect .
the car thing had been lucky , but this seemed like it would take more skill .
nah , it was like a religious thing .
i could nt tell you what was going through his mind , although i saw the whole thing .
its fucked up , but that kind of thing happens all the time .
i d seen the same thing on other walls in the neighborhood .
when the history books look back at my time as prime minister , i do nt want to be remembered as the blundering idiot who set the whole thing off !
if you need to know who to speak to about such and such a thing .
that was one good thing to have come out of the whole mess .
there are units from argentina , brazil , mexico - from all over south and central america and it 's just a wondrous thing to see .
worst thing is i missed my meeting , which pissed off some very bad people .
the absolute worst thing that could happen was the shot missed and someone spotted where it came from .
hell , jack could blame the whole thing on pierre and say he was there to save foster 's life from the french government , and it would n't matter .
oh yes , the thing on the boat .
we can only assume its related to that thing off the coast last weekend .
` ` in france , and i ' m sure the u.s . as well , there would be a special military tribunal for this kind of thing . ''
jack knew what kind of thing .
but the last thing patrick could remember was strolling down a sidewalk near porter square under an afternoon sun .
one thing led to another and they put me in here .
it was another thing that scott would nt like .
but it was nt the kind of thing you could ve keep going outside of this place .
the pass was another thing scott had nt been told about .
the last thing that went through malcolms mind was the screen of his phone , as the modified unit exploded in his hand .
funny thing is he thinks he s better than me , but he s not .
now , you might be asking why i m making such a crazy statement , especially if no such thing has happened to date .
the next thing i remember was the phone ringing .
the sane part of me knew it was nothing bad , but the rest of me wondered what horrible thing could be awaiting me .
its um ... a ... religious thing , '' my voice squeaked a little .
do nt let go of that just because of some stupid thing like this , i cried .
ok , one thing the clue did nt let on about .
it was probably , definitely , just about the most incredible thing that ever happened to me , and of course , it was totally down to my mum .
what a stressful thing to put sick , old people through though .
the funny thing is though , this is the way they do things over there ; the way they ve always done things .
if it had been selah in that coffin he would probably be worse off than peter selah had nt been to school in over a week , she had been having nightmares about the whole thing , she could picture her mom in the coffin being eaten by different bugs and all sorts of creepy crawly things .
daniel noticed how quiet his words had left her , he hated it , she would nt try that again anytime soonhe would just have to relive it in his memories , and they were almost as good as the real thing .
she worked her 18 hours a week and while she was there let her thoughts drift on daniel and all the memories they had there , there was a open mic night coming up , it was the only thing she remotely looked forward to , she had to work and she knew it would be busy so she wouldn`t have time to moon over daniel , it was her only consolation .
she would enjoy the little thing daniel had planned for her , as she would never be able to say she was sorry first .
just wondering mom told me a story about a cabin , she said it had been some of the best times evershe said you were the best thing that had ever happened to her , and you two were a perfect fit , like a glove .
peter was nervous he had nt wanted to play tonight but since daniel had broken his hand the night before it had left him no choice , the plan had been for daniel to serenade selah all on his own , he was glad he could help thought otherwise he would have had to cancel the whole thing .
but that s impossible , to be here whole , i have never heard of such a thing , how did you do it , tell me everything .
the next thing i knew i had physically moved from the bed to the chair and i had a part of the chair coming out through my arm , i just pulled it out .
when his dad had been sick he had spent endless hours on the internet reading about every different thing they did to his dad in the hospital .
asael had a regular x - box thing happening in his head .
since were talking about dreams , though , heres a curious thing about isak .
in response , she told me that shed had her old repeated nightmare : the whole little girl and big doors and terrible weight and pushing the pain away thing that we d already talked about ad nauseum heaps of times in the past .
she liked to remember it as a sweet thing , but i bet she was scared crapless every time in case he d gone missing in the night , like rita and grandma grace .
one unthinkable thing leads to another and i watched helplessly as all three suttons , probably for no better reason than to keep asa from hurting himself , grabbed hold of him arms , legs , the waist band of his shorts .
and then , almost the last thing second last , really his lips moved .
yeah well the thing is that we do nt , you see !
and while it was true that no one spoke of lots of things from those times things like gramma gracies murder and ritas suicide and even the reverends leaving for new guinea it was also true that none of them were the thing mentioned in the letter .
and while it was true that no one spoke of lots of things from those times things like gramma gracies murder and ritas suicide and even the reverends leaving for new guinea it was also true that none of them were the thing mentioned in the letter .
and the truest thing of all and the fairest , i thought was that what the town knew , we also should know .
following clues , following impulses , following the parade and now , following asael hoping that at least one thing in my day would turn out to be uncomplicated .
but the thing was that amalthea floated above all that !
heres a thing !
i could hear him in the living room , rabbiting happily on , possibly to the living one , possibly to the dead one , and the only thing that would ve shocked me more would ve been for one of them to answer !
or the men seeing with their appetites thing !
amaltheas poem was a thing about getting older and being chained by time .
and i realised that , whatever slightly unusual thing actually was going on , it was up to me declare a limit to spooky interpretations !
it wunt the first thing i done wrong .
a childhood thing , maybe an image or a word ?
an anyways , what i m tellin ye is , that space thing were nt part o the dream !
there s a little thing called delirium tremens that happens to liquored - up , sodden ol maniacs like you who ve pickled their brains with over - proof rum for more years n a centipedes got legs !
and why did he believe ( when johnathon said there was no record of such a thing ) that something ( the terrible deed ? )
and another thing !
and as for the space thing queenie he and amalthea would already have been out to see it , and in the daylight , i was sure , it would seem much less exotic to both of them .
a stranger thing altogether was happening to asael .
the thing is , vivian continued , poor old isak has been a little .
he d cursed powerfully and continuously , hating amalthea byerson for finding him in the cane and hauling him to the hospital ; hating roger dabney for sedating him instead of letting him go ; hating johnathon cranna for starting the whole thing with his bloody airplane .
that the thing isak was talking about seeing ?
nex thing , i got into the drink .
and garlic the goat well we thought he was dead , you know , but strangest thing he s come back to life !
you know , we were just listening to mayor lyle talking about that very thing in the newsagents !
ah , well , now there s an interesting thing !
the very next thing i knew , i was standing at the front door , at the top of the stairs , gasping for breath , screaming her name .
its a thing she can do .
but i learned what horrible thing someone in this town did to bridie , years ago !
what s he got , like some weird mental channelling thing happening ?
and then , hey , you have nt seen the space thing yet have you , hoggs ?
and that s just another thing that happens .
that kinda thing , you know ?
she s that frantic about getting close to young asaels space thing !
but its a thing , he went on , that s never been far from my mind , i can tell you !
musta just got what he wanted and come back to be near queenie the space thing .
the first thing i noticed was a little pop - up trailer parked in the yard with the ambulance pulled up behind which , i assumed , meant that marybeth had chosen to extend the vigilante camping effort away from the showground .
this might just be the biggest thing that s ever happened to me and if you mess me about over it , i can promise you .
the last thing i remember was asael squirming under the sheet until his back was against mine .
and the best thing that can happen to this retrospective investigation is for it to stop !
the best thing that can happen , doc , he said , mimicking the doctors words and tone , is that i get my hands on whatever bastards runnin amok in my town , right now !
its a terrible thing even to contemplate .
heaps of people spoke to me , offering encouraging words to pass on to bridie , remembrances to pass on to the reverend and plenty of laughing comments about the space thing which , though few had seen it , everyone had heard about .
there is nt a soul in sugar town that does nt know of the terrible thing that happened to your sister years ago .
but the funny thing was , the station was one of the places he looked for the mayor and he had nt been able to raise anyone .
he can toss me to the devil if he wants , but letting someone get away with something like that is not a good thing to will !
isak also did an out - of - character thing in the new year that had many of us scratching our heads .
* * * its the sort of thing you would nt read about .
one thing led unbelievably to another and the plane scattered itself over half the shire .
getting drunk is a very common thing all around the world , and unfortunately dad will do it many more times .
well ... one reason is that when you start being your true self , things in your life start falling into place as if someone had organised them in advance .
so , because the bad thing happened , it led to a lot of good things happening ?
it allows you to experience things from another perspective , and get an appreciation for them that you would nt otherwise get if you were constantly experiencing the same thing .
so most banks will conduct their own inspection in advance , as a practice run to make sure they re ready for the real thing .
other people do and say things that then cause a bad thing to happen .
it really helps to let clients know you ve experienced the same thing before .
and the crazy thing is , i did for a while .
they had this thing , this virus or something , called exotic newcastle disease .
the last thing i remember was being surprised that it worked almost immediately .
he just needed to go around the plant quickly to make sure there was no easier , back route into it , no well - worn paths somebody might come along at any time , no camping trailer with a caretaker or guard living in it , that kind of thing .
the last thing he saw was a shapeless , many - fanged face tearing toward his neck ; and a hand dragging him into a black abyss .
she imagined the worst thing that could happen in the world giton dying .
chapter three : a risky venture marcellus karo a storm of bells rang over the whole city , even in the suburro , and that meant only one thing : claudio - valens , the emperor , had finally died .
he knew of stories that made those types of claims , but did n't really think that type of thing happened .
the kings would nt allow such a thing , ariel answered .
ariel followed , wondering if he were imagining the whole thing .
' the same thing happens with these little rings of hair .
he could be extremely dangerous and i need angels trained for this sort of thing . '
the funny thing was that he understood his mind was playing a trick on him .
if you attempt to repeat your performance of a millennium ago , i will go to the kings and tell them you are the one who started this whole thing .
he actually saved me , but i think it might have just been an instinctual thing .
and then an odd thing happened .
he was nt aware of his little sisters plans ; the whole thing was as much a surprise for him , as for the rest of the audience .
sure thing you collected the shells !
the last thing he remembered clearly was arguing with kira .
next thing i remember , i was on the beach , and it was the morning .
the thing is , felixs wife had a fatal accident .
weird thing was , i missed it .
the minstrel 's tale a shadewalker story honestly , becoming the squire to lord kedrick spires was the most exciting thing that had ever happened to me .
and thus , the most exciting thing to happen to me up to that point was eclipsed .
this was not a common thing to happen .
this is not a normal thing to happen .
no , i have never heard of such a thing .
these good atlanteans were heroes , so kind and generous to share this great thing !
strange thing is that she thought he was out of harms way , translating .
it was thursday and first thing in the morning i checked out a last minute ticket site and picked up two round trip tickets to madrid , business class .
look , one thing that bothers me and i want to get it out in the open .
well , i ve heard about one very prominent bank that s using remote viewers , people who can see things in other places or in the future , with some success .
when i woke the first thing i did was look at the clock , 6.45pm .
the whole thing was weird .
i bought more cigarettes then went to a borders bookstore and watched the people with their back packs playing with their gadgets and the whole thing seemed absurd and the books i browsed through were utter bunk .
the one thing they do nt want you to realize is that you can get in touch with the transcendental from right here .
it does nt matter ; its a thing for the press , nothing more than that .
not a thing was out of the ordinary .
mike grew certain of one thing and only one thing .
mike grew certain of one thing and only one thing .
mike is the closest thing this town has to having a celebrity , ashley thought , and i bet none of that has to do with his time in congress .
he was in fix , the snake could not bite him but he could not let go because the snake could bite him then , earl said that was the funniest thing he had ever seen .
i thought it was the funniest thing i had ever seen and started laughing at the sight of the two of them both staring at me like that .
all i need is one more thing to go wrong and i think i 'll go nuts and shoot myself .
my whole life for the last week revolved around one bad thing after another .
it just seems as though since my granddaddy died i have had one negative thing after another to happen to me .
then she laid her head on my shoulder and the next thing i knew she was asleep .
the strange thing was he had a look of hatred on his face when i shot him .
the last thing i remember was seeing a mouse chewing the twine in two and then i fell to the ground and laid there .
you know it was a peculiar thing that happened the other day .
yes sweetheart i looked in on the whole thing and told the sheriff that if anything looked like it was going to go wrong to call me first .
i said and the next thing i felt was my butt getting spanked .
abi had nt been to a uk hospital for several years but one thing that shed certainly remembered was that shed waited a long time before anyone saw her .
pearl now made a habit of logging onto the various social network sites first thing each morning before heading to the hospital to get the latest updates .
they had all complained jokingly when they had been given the very unfashionable long brown leech proof socks first thing that morning , but as soon as they saw how eager the leeches , which were about the length of a match , were to get at their blood they were very glad to have them .
the first few times it happened i really wanted to grab them , explain that i was nt some sort of sex tourist and that pearl was the best thing that ever happened to me .
several of my friends now joke that getting run over was the best thing that ever happened to me .
a harmonious thing , that feeling , and wil , content and purified replied without thinking , yes , i d like to do that .
some , he wrote , are ready to allow that the same thing which is impossible may be yet probable , while others have so little historic or poetic faith that they believe nothing to be either possible or probable the like of which has not occurred in their own observation .
my younger brother worked in the stable and witnessed the whole thing .
you ve been heaving into the toilet every day this week , first thing in the morning .
like me , he s managed to avoid this damn thing .
i force myself to keep up the act , thankful that he wo nt see my tell - tale branding , and vow to get a tattoo to cover my stupid fucking scars first thing tomorrow morning .
it seems that the only thing that gets dornan hornier than a girl auditioning for a job by screwing him is killing her supposed ex - boyfriend .
still , one good thing did come of all that trouble , and that was meeting marlin maclenoly .
the plant prospered for a time , but things never last in skullbone .
as he hopped about and wailed , his father remarked how if that was the worst thing that ever happened to him , he d sure live a charmed life .
this is the greatest thing you have ever seen , poncey replied , with suitable modesty .
the worst possible thing had happened to dixie poncey had discovered a store selling nothing but comic books the newest , the oldest , the most obscure .
he did not believe anything existed in skullbone that deserved such attention , except his own concerns , and indeed the first thing he saw a collection of ragtag boys seemed to confirm his opinion .
after a few days mack inevitably would make some mistake , or some random thing would happen , and she would push him away , as though his part was done , and shed disappear into the evening with the man .
the very thing that mack had most feared was happening to him .
one thing happened early on there that haunted us , put a lot of men in a superstitious confusion .
its your thirtieth birthday , and damn it you re gon na celebrate this thing appropriately whether you want to or not .
when you die , father , there s nothing but this void : this big , black , empty thing that goes on forever and ever .
even more than the eskimo thing .
but the most surprising thing about this story is not what happened on the debate floor .
` ` i ' m going to officially withdraw from the race first thing tomorrow morning , '' he said emphatically .
in this case , the plumbers complaint made us worry about bad things going on inside his head , like bleeding , aneurysms , that sort of thing .
i tried not to make my sigh of relief too obvious and then observed , how is it that i am supposed to be here to comfort you and the first thing that happens is that you reassure me ?
you re the best thing that s happened to me in a long time .
the funny thing is , i ca nt remember all of it .
next thing i know , were leaving the restaurant , they drop me off at my house and drive off , i start to walk up the steps to my town house and that s the last thing i remember until i wake up with this cut on my head and a monster headache .
he would nt play games anymore and he treated teddie like she did nt matter , so teddie was sure that zane was wrong about the bed fortress thing .
for over five years now he had successfully hid the real secret behind his meditative abilities from the men who taught him , and who luckily thought that his going into such a deep trance was a powerful religious thing .
use this to take the bus to the school first thing tomorrow .
he insists that is nt what he is doing , but every time they have one of these incidents , which is like every couple of months or so , he finds some ridiculous thing to get upset with me or my sister about and then disciplines one of us .
that should make this whole thing double the fun , teddie muttered .
she glanced towards her arm , and the next thing she knew she was back in her bed , not the least bit chilled , and with no memory of how she got back there at all .
and then the next thing she knew she was on the other side of the wall .
the funny thing is that he goes right on humping her even after she s bitten off his brains .
but she was sure of one thing .
the children would wave and then go back to their games as if what they were doing was the most natural thing in the world .
must be a common thing when you missed someone .
lhatu and his people are fairly , well , what i would have to call superstitious about this whole thing .
we thought that would be the end of it , that she would just hide for awhile and would turn up somewhere asking for help , and then the next thing i know i wake up locked in a closet .
teddie felt certain that she was catching more activity out of the corners of her eyes , but every time she looked closer she could nt see a thing .
* * * * * * the last thing teddie wanted to do was to go back to school .
we both have been expecting this sort of thing for quite some time .
ever since the assc states had met in january and declared themselves a separate country from washington , d.c . , things had happened fast .
the first thing that would happen would be a chinese unit determined to fight .
tears filled his eyes , knowing this was the last thing he would see .
even granddad is making himself scarce before he gets roped into the whole thing , john explained .
do nt remember a bloody thing after our fight on the hills .
and the awful thing is , i did nt even have the energy to go check on her .
articles and that kind of thing in it .
i m trying to stop this thing .
you know , there was another odd thing in the car when it was delivered , too .
well , we were prepared for this sort of thing , thomas said .
i mean , he does nt hug a lot and he s not a big crier , but he s always been very expressive and open and that sort of thing .
its the biggest thing going on right now .
i hope the same thing .
the only thing has changed we are getting older , man .
seventh day whatever lovers say the best thing that happened to a human being is death .
and did you have any childhood diseases , break any bones , sprain ankles , that kind of thing ?
i m sure one good thing has happened .
its the one thing she looks forward to all week .
every morning she wakes up and has to talk herself into getting up , knowing the day will be one horrid thing followed by a nap followed by another amazingly - easy - thing - that - is - amazingly - hard - to - do thing followed by increasing pain followed by loneliness followed by another huge effort to do one simple thing followed by frustration at how the simplest thing is like a war against herself , fighting for the ease of doing something as easy as writing a simple email to answer a simple question , which becomes a lengthy ordeal of reading and rereading the original to make sure she read it right , which she usually has nt , and then replying in a way that s complete and ca nt be misinterpreted , which between using nonsense words and not finishing her thoughts , it usually is if she does nt take the whole day to work on it .
she struggles to think of something to say , knowing that a life full of medical appointments is not the most scintillating thing to talk about , but what else is there to say ?
she had thought her whole life that losing her parents was the worst thing that could happen to her .
well , i , i was in this , i m not sure what you call it , this thing happened to me , she falters .
the only thing is that she is desperate for help , and they re it .
at least that was one good thing i did in that life .
never thought i d like this kind of thing .
the thing that s weird though , is that you guys are calling me lord sevilen like alexander does .
there were cigar ashes , empty beer cans , more tequila and beer gone than the two of us could have drank , and one really glaring thing .
larry is a strange thing , said one of the men at the bar .
the only thing unusual was an old ford escort pulling up with a flat tire .
the only thing i saw was mr . hartwick sitting at the north pump station , and miss russo here , running down the maintenance road .
i tested it first thing , karson said .
ill come in to your office , first thing in the morning .
not one nigger saw or heard a goddam thing .
vals appointment as the new unopd chief was confirmed and he was expected at the universitys station house first thing tuesday morning to complete the formalities .
when i heard that he had been killed , i made a solemn promise to god that i would nt stand by and allow the same thing to happen again .
ill notify our banks to transfer the treasury bills first thing tomorrow .
val was silent for a few moments , then asked , there s one thing i do nt quite get .
come here first thing tomorrow morning and well see what we can do .
the unfortunate thing is that the email was sent from the ip address of quadrille hotel services , who supply public area internet access and room internet access to hotel customers in the city of london .
the thing is , sir , you exceeded the daily floor limit of a million pounds today .
he says that the briefcase contained some copies of private family papers , wills and that sort of thing , all of which he can have copied by his lawyers who hold the originals .
the odd thing was that the person he had expected most trouble from was the foul mouthed don fisher , and yet the singer had paid up quickly and just let it go .
i am quite certain it was the sexiest thing i had ever seen in my life .
the worst thing about all of this was that she genuinely could nt remember the photos being taken , although her father was apoplectic with rage about them .
sad thing was , after a month she went straight back to the cult .
and then a strange thing had happened .
the damage to our reputation , that kind of thing .
its a rotten thing what s happened here , mr dyke .
not laura marshall , obviously , but who else would know or would have found out between yesterday afternoon and first thing this morning ?
her father , the major , tried to take charge , but was constantly out - charmed by my dads matter - of - factness : not to worry , these things happened , it would all work out ok , we should nt get upset about it , the world was a different place now .
this a regular thing ?
its the same thing here .
first thing monday morning i called carol - the - receptionist .
it was a thing that happened .
its not the kind of thing i usually get up to with clients .
that s a horrible thing to remember .
hell of a thing , she said .
i do nt think sobut they were having a ... a thing .
and the funny thing is he should .
you will need to drop by first thing tomorrow and get all the necessary forms completed .
one thing millie was sure off was that shamus knew boats and if he was this enthusiastic it was a very good deal .
mitch came and stood beside millie , it was a beautiful thing to see .
these lines are old but it is rare for this kind of thing to happen , but it does .
the mere image of such a thing happening was enough to disarm alexs aunt .
the only thing i would like more than hurting a grown woman , he told her .
but it was a close run thing .
well start planningthe day after this thing ends .
one thing led to another ; one year passed into several .
the thing you do nt understand is that we do nt want him to change back .
the last thing i remembered what feeling the cold floor as i reached some steps .
he said the same thing had happened to barton a long time ago .
next thing i know i m waking up in here .
the last thing he heard was an alarm ringing and voices screaming in panic .
the last thing she remembered was whitmere giving her a shot of something .
this whole thing were involved in ... does nt it seem strange to you ?
sure thing , uncle pete , jake said and took seth by the arm .
uh ... well , were all flying home first thing in the morning .
every witness saw the same thing .
breast reduction , katie blurted out as quick as a flash , as though such a procedure was the most normal thing in the world .
ballbuster , as the dg had been known since the 1980s , had shattered the glass ceiling long before anyone had known there was such a thing .
the last thing gillian miles wanted was not to be in control .
do nt you get tired , every day the same thing , never anything new ?
whatever the womans ability to divine the future , one thing changed forever , from that afternoon on .
it was the most horrible thing he d ever seen .
he reasoned that if there was such thing as hell , he would be going anyway , so he was more than willing to carry the burden of ending her suffering and doing what she could nt do for herself .
there was one thing anne did n't see .
what a horrible thing to happen , you finding that body .
this is his first case and may turn out to be biggest thing that s hit our area for a hundred years .
< > < > < > the next thing frankie saw from her binoculars was michaels silver escalade ext racing down the lane toward the house .
with these things coming , i could smell that trouble is brewing in the area .
they were all laughing like it was the funniest thing they ever saw .
weirdest thing i saw .
it was decided first thing in the morning we would go out the front doors and fire - line our way to search for supplies .
i know i started this thing to tell some survivors something if i did n't make it .
` ` maybe some of the local pilots could help us with this helicopter thing . ''
her perfume wrapped around me like a warm embrace , reminding me of pleasant things long passed .
` ` if you refuse , there 'll be more heat than you ' ve had since the john gotti thing .
he 'd do anything for him after the sand cay reef thing .
the worse thing that ever happened was when the british turned control over to the bahamians .
but my favorite thing to do is to stay up late watching horror movies .
none dared cross the old crone for fear that their cows would go dry , their food - stores rot away before winter , their children take sick of fever , or any number of terrible things that an angry witch could do to her neighbors .
one funny thing did happen .
the most exciting thing to happen out here this month was when a nine - year - old took his dads car for a ride .
watching the whole thing i say , dad , she s leading you towards the house .
dad and jackie sleep right through the whole thing , they do nt even stir or turn over .
i just ca nt believe it , i ve never heard of such a thing .
but his favorite thing to do is paint .
i realized i 'd grown tired of the whole thing .
an extraordinary thing altogether !
dates were announced for more talks - that sort of thing .
there will be times during this when money has to change hands - expenses , fees , that sort of thing .
and i do nt want the whole thing to take forever , either .
something like seats in the uk parliament for a limited number of years , as well as in congress , joint citizenship , that sort of thing .
i shall be setting up a special hot line for this operation , with new one - off ciphers and that sort of thing .
what i need to know is whether what i have in mind is possible , given all the countermeasures which i ' m sure you have in place to prevent such a thing , and secondly whether you know of any genius anywhere who might be able to achieve such a thing .
what i need to know is whether what i have in mind is possible , given all the countermeasures which i ' m sure you have in place to prevent such a thing , and secondly whether you know of any genius anywhere who might be able to achieve such a thing .
what an extraordinary thing , said marsden , with a grin .
i m interested to know if they ve turned up any clues yet motive , suspects , that sort of thing .
well , the team breaking up for a start , you going away for the weekend to see your aunt , that sort of thing .
in an instant of this sentence finishing , the building absorbed the shock wave of a high frequency explosion ; an explosion so loud and instant that it could mean only one thing .
this is probably the best thing that could have happened after my escape from the interrogation room .
the maddening thing , though , was that i sacrificed a lot to put a ring on her finger .
elena , i say , that thing with your father .
that s the thing , she says .
and perhaps the media will be equally as understanding when they capture the whole thing .
the kids been in the trench since first thing this morning .
it was nt a sudden thing , had been built up in layers over time .
so , the same thing happened a while back with his own son ?
she is n't just my sister , but also my best friend , a rare thing in most families .
its probably the only thing you ve remembered in a while . ''
after he studies the tree line closer , he does nt see a thing .
` ` oh , hun , '' i answer , ` ` that was an awful thing for you to see , i know .
her panic was the last thing he witnessed before she fully submerged .
because it d been a dry summer that year , everyone was pretty maxed out by the time august rolled aroundlots of brush fires , that kind of thing .
this kind of thing happens and i go straight into cop mode .
the winds are supposed to die down overnighthow about if i arrange to have patrol take a ride out to the island first thing tomorrow morning ?
but i promise you , i see this kind of thing all the time .
took the day off , he said casually , like this was a regular thing rather than the first time this millennium .
i fear if the same thing happened in the u.s . that we might not be able to get away with not reporting it , especially if the number of protesters grow , steve says .
the thing is those seeds have spread and got mixed up with normal seeds so it is hard to tell when you go to a market what seeds are the world food inc . patented ones .
assuming i passed the bar , which by no stretch of the imagination was a sure thing , the question became , what do i do now ?
the only thing i ever saw him do was go play golf or take some old friend out to lunch .
the nice thing is we 're already cash flowing with the existing tenants . ''
` ` i know , the weirdest thing happened last night . ''
` ` listen , stan , tomlinson said , bird and i will be going back to dallas tomorrow afternoon and we 'd like to meet with you first thing monday morning to finalize a couple of things . ''
` ` oh stan , the most horrible thing happened tonight . ''
i want to question them all personally first thing in the morning !
i pray to god the sheriff is wrong and someone else did this horrible thing .
that means jane was behind this whole thing . ''
i ve seen a copy recently but there s no mention of this thing you re talking about , you should certainly keep an eye on it .
now if i told you that i d probably have to shoot you , he said laughing , just something to do with my transfer , no big thing , ill be in the office first thing though , another beer ?
this entire thing is staged , whoever did it wanted him to be found like this .
everyone out of here except the four that found the body and the staff that were here at the end of the day yesterday and first thing this morning .
one thing i can say though , the head was taken off with one single cut .
~ ~ ~ chapter 19 the shooter inviting jennie down to bristol had been a spur of the moment thing for george but she sure looked good in the car .
she remembered david leaving the pub and george suggesting they go back to eaton bishop that night rather than her drive out first thing in the morning .
we also have confirmation that the whole thing was organized by ohara .
~ ~ ~ chapter 45 a jog at brecon its over darling , said george , the only positive thing to come out of the whole mess is that i met you .
the last thing i saw before i drifted to sleep was austin walking back to our little camp and laying down .
so what s this kosovo thing you mentioned ?
they were supposed to be on our side after that thing in kosovo and their elections , now they just elected a bunch of right - wing pro - russian nationalist guys to their parliament .
who ever heard of such a thing !
she threw on her robe and bustled her way into the kitchen to start breakfast.everything was purely routine except for one thing ... the alarm in kurts room was continuously going off.thelma decided to ignore this for the time being and just start making breakfast .
i would nt miss it for the world.its the only exciting thing that has ever happened in riverwolf pass .
first thing monday morning i ' m going to bring you to a psychiatrist !
this is the biggest damn thing that ever happened in this small town and we were almost victims !
sometimes , people would be in their own conversations , and other times everybody would be commenting on the same thing with each other .
temporarily insane , who ever heard of such an absurd thing ?
this is not the sort of thing that the intelligence community would normally take much notice of , although the press were having a field day .
this sort of thing was just not supposed to happen it should have been impossible .
killick thought that if their phones were anything like his , he could well be photographing the whole thing .
keep on your toes , and make sure you report the slightest thing that s out of the ordinary .
we ve got a tap on his phones , but look out for him starting to use dead letter boxes , and that sort of thing .
we are getting on quite well , as it happens dinner out , a couple of visits to the theatre , that sort of thing .
the only thing that gchq had been able to report was that they thought they had identified the earlier caller .
dusty miller hurried after the disappearing jarvis who now , thought miller , looked distinctly ill . * * * chapter ten - a shot in the dark so what with one thing and another , we ve had quite a busy couple of days , concluded the head of section 11 at a hurriedly arranged , and very late - night briefing meeting with the cabinet secretary .
he d been trained for this sort of thing , after all .
i am not used to this sort of thing , you must understand .
miller had noticed as well , and had photographed the whole thing from outside .
one of my chaps was there and witnessed the whole thing .
so did the two men on a motorbike , who had seen the whole thing from across the road .
switzerland had funny rules about neutrality , and diplomatic immunity and that sort of thing .
the first thing i noted was that the advancing figure was a woman .
more likely she was instructed by enver to watch for just this sort of thing .
the last thing he saw was my blood streaked smile as i shifted aim and blew out the back of his head .
this sort of thing happens in wrestling , the fans know that .
that s a fun thing to think about .
one beautiful , wonderful thing that joey hoped would happen again in the next city , and the next , and maybe lead to a house in the hamptons and 2 kids who had no interest in becoming wrestlers .
i got locked out in my underwear , mayberry did nt offer to help me , safire laughed at me , and some kid took pictures of the whole thing .
there are enough of us to keep this thing going without me ranting all over the web .
the fact that the ftg has taken such a keen interest in what were doing is the most exciting thing that s ever happened to wrestlinghotline .
its a terrible thing to screw up a marriage , at least for a woman .
i picked a fight with him , against your will , landed one punch , and you instigated the whole thing ?
i had the scoop on zeke thunders return tonight , but lost it because i wasted the evening looking for this calgary financial telegram thing ( again , i found nothing ) .
duke did a good job of covering the whole thing up , said jade .
you orchestrated this whole thing , said jade , in a tone that was both indignant and appreciative .
shrewd wrestling fans , used to being played , immediately suspected that the whole thing was fishy .
he hoped this was n't going to be a daily thing .
you know , detentions that sort of thing .
probably not the best thing to happen on the first day of class . ''
he closed his eyes , and the last thing he saw was a tree - covered mountain that seem to call to him from a distance .
` ` it was the usual thing .
` ` you are the best thing that has happened to me in years . ''
he used to hit me with a belt for the slightest thing . ''
` ` pat stein had the whole thing televised and recorded but pretended the sound had been lost throughout the whole interview . ''
look mate , there s only one thing that happened last night , and happened it did .
we shall go there first thing in the morning .
that s the interesting thing , i said , flipping the page to look at the back , where it continued .
who can conceive and perpetuate such a thing .
there s one thing one of the cooks told us about an hour ago and we are looking into it , sir .
preston then asked carlos about the p thing in the sky and carlos told them about the navistar p he had found by mistake just before christmas .
ill add some glitz and glamour , blow my trumpet , that sort of thing .
the most exciting thing to happen was ems new tooth .
that s the last thing i can remember .
only thing is i wanted confirmation .
the only thing was he could n't quite figure out what .
the first thing she noticed was that his handcuffs clattered to the floor .
on a cool thursday morning in june these smart , thin , rich people are mostly at work , or playing golf , or queueing up at wimbledon , and their cars sit nose - to - tail in a polymer chain in front of the pavements , which abut the neat and tidy front gardens with their stone paths and their fragrant flower - beds and their warnings about the hideous things that happen to doorstep salesmen , unwanted pollsters , and other vile scum .
the thing is , my wifes sister has had some problems .
it must have been funny to be back in that world again , dead bodies , shootings , all that sort of thing .
apparently its a big thing , whatever it is .
okay , be through by end of play today or first thing tomorrow .
sometimes he would even hear himself emit a small scream , a stifled little no as he recalled the loss of control , the shuddering stop , the cold empty morning when he contemplated the awful thing he had done , the thing that would last for the rest of his life .
i stopped , suspended in the air about ten feet from my rafter , high above the heads of the wannabes who were so into my dad they did nt notice a thing .
i was nt sure , but i did know one thing .
and i needed to find out about this pastry extravaganza thing .
the first stop would be les pouffants to sign up for that extravaganza thing .
moms words came back to me about meeting at some pastry thing .
once when they were smart alec teenagers , they thought this kind of thing was ... smart .
the next thing i saw was the butt of a pistol crashing into my skull .
mike and andy were amazed about one thing , not one of the diamond wholesalers asked any questions as to the origin of the stones or how they came to possess them .
thirty feet in front of mike and andy a most amazing thing happened .
heres the interesting thing , our flyboys were out scanning the area around the same time this couple would have been heading back into their slip at the harbor .
one thing the coast guard did see was a large sailboat heading towards miami .
the entire thing the act , the business cards , the persona of doctor september had all started as a way for dennis to get ideas for his next book .
normally , this was the sort of thing that made him choose draadtrekkers shop over the numerous clones that dotted the bay area .
there s no mention of anything like the real thing .
ever since then , people have talked about strange and terrifying things going on in this area .
he watched as elspeth pushed the table and its surrounding chairs back upright , the entire thing like a scene from a silent movie accompanied only by a perpetually ringing bell .
you know the sort of thing a bunch of students kidnaps a corpse from the dissecting lab and takes it on a tour of the town .
the damnable thing is that i ca nt stay .
one thing , charles .
that s the damnable thing i do nt know !
to me , that s the point of the whole thing , the giving of oneself into the mystery to achieve rebirth , and finally the exaltation of the new self in a red dawn .
the thing that made me almost certain was an incident which took place at one of wests dinner parties .
scars are one thing on a soldier , quite another on someone who makes her living on the stage .
anyway , i was nt suggesting there is a connection , only that its another strange thing that s happened this week .
the other thing is one you know about already .
the brothers fired questions at me in a way that seemed entirely practiced , as though they did this sort of thing frequently .
i was growing tired but was determined to see the thing to its end .
the funny thing is , i m sure i ve seen something rather like it before .
that was the sexiest thing i have ever seen in my life .
i thought we had a witness who had seen the whole thing ?
they were waiting outside first thing for the bank doors to open and went straight in when they did .
so he waited until the vicar was the centre of attention , telling a story of a funny thing that had happened at his daughter 's wedding the previous year and then picked up an empty tray that had held the salmon sandwiches with the excuse of taking it back to the kitchen .
so far not a thing had been seen of the man and sayers was rapidly getting bored .
terrible thing this getting old , frank .
it is a horrible thing , something that must never be repeated .
it could only mean one thing , they will soon be taken into the new realm .
i must discuss this with lai , the only thing i may achieve by leaving all these thoughts to buzz around my head unsaid will be a headache .
she has lived in the area for years and knew plenty of things happening on the streets that the police would be oblivious too .
doubt and guilt bubble back to the surface of her mind as she hails a cab ; this is such a horrible thing to happen and i want to go and pry .
this etretat thing is very odd indeed .
the book , subtitled ' a walk through the cycles of lupin and rouletabille ' claimed a very strange thing .
first thing was , i learnt he was the avocat - general of france , their version of attorney - general .
the funny thing is that i like it .
the whole thing seemed contrived as if leblanc was trying to fit a message into a formula .
that 's about the only funny thing that day .
after the germans left , one more thing happened .
however , the caves could have been a root cause , a hidden motivation for the whole thing .
this conspiracy is the biggest thing since the roswell ufo crash .
it had been a close thing .
seeing my nod , he continued : ` ` one thing led to another , we ended up at their place , where we found another bottle of wine .
there was only one possible thing worse than it and that was having to live thought it twice .
i know the only thing you could possibly find there was absence , an emptiness of loneliness beyond compareunless he turned around and started to walk back towards his chair , it is not ?
i ca nt say i ve missed this thing , said richard sombrely stepping into the room ahead of lancer .
the whole thing had taken just under forty seconds the swap , the wrenching of the pipe , bent flicking his cigarette butt out into the road , and then , whrooom , the thunderous roar of the explosion , so violent , it shook the earth under their feet .
poker from dusk till dawn , girls , that sort of thing .
` ` sounds like just the thing .
the same thing was happening all over the caves .
yet , in 1615 , antonio de herrera y tordesillas published another account about the same thing in his ' historia general de los hechos de los castallanos ' .
his search had been no such thing .
the whole thing was masterfully misrepresented .
i felt excited , a rare thing nowadays .
we lay in it for hours and hours each day , and the amazing thing is that we never got sunburned .
this thing could really happen .
just a thing , i guess .
maybe , before the thing , she 'd have let him if he asked .
before the thing , jane had always striven to stand out .
she went through the same thing every time she took the underground , which was six days a week now .
` ` just a local thing . ''
` ` so here 's a thing , '' i say to gloria .
she opens it , and it 's the most beautiful fucking thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
` ` yeah , so the thing is , she wo n't return my calls , '' he said and i detected a hint of sadness in his voice , which was reinforced by the fact he looked sad too .
the thing was , they had n't gone home yet which was fine because everybody still wanted to dance , but then floyd and the staff decided enough was enough and told us all that the show was over .
the most significant thing was that we were standing on the sidewalk smoking cigarettes , or fags ( but not the roger - but - not - really kind ) and that by now i had decided that alex was n't a serial killer .
the next thing i knew , i was in an ambulance heading to the stadium .
the kind of thing that he went through today with the shotgun .
my last agent watched the whole thing first hand .
well that s the thing , cruz said .
yea , this type of thing is nt common around here .
the last thing i remember , i was playing a video game .
the next thing i remember i was here .
only thing is i could nt get past level 7 .
the intriguing thing is this , dr . xavier stopped his presentation on one screen .
this entire thing could have been a set up .
the only thing is that i have no idea who is with bruno .
he saw the same thing that loretta had seen .
only thing is fabian found out and killed her .
the next thing he knew his throat was cut and he laid on the ground .
what did i say about that type of thing ? ''
funny thing , wrote jessica silver , mother of antonia silver of rileys third grade classkourtneywas filingthatinformation away for laterlittle blonde girl in my daughters class .
the only thing that had gone their way during this half of the operation was seeing a nine - year - old girl leaving the peterson house .
what if alexander saw the same thing ?
jeff still struggled with the words , choosing vague terms like this , it and this whole thing .
that s the last thing i d want to be .
the only thing that could bring her siblings to her would be the death of their father .
an awful thing .
the place was pretty , she thought , aside from the house - thing .
you have nt a thing in the world to be sorry for .
the best thing that s ever happened to me was them dying ; the worst thing is that i experienced adulthood before childhood .
the best thing that s ever happened to me was them dying ; the worst thing is that i experienced adulthood before childhood .
one thing led to another , just as i expected it would , like i hoped it would , and the next thing i knew we were in his bed .
one thing led to another , just as i expected it would , like i hoped it would , and the next thing i knew we were in his bed .
but then this most extraordinary thing occurs , and i learn that the feelings i ve fostered for mae are nt a result from an unnatural attraction to a figment of my imagination .
one thing led to another , he was arrested and eventually confessed to the murder .
noise complaints , domestic disputes , that kind of thing .
i did nt remember the alarm clock going off , and the first thing i was aware of was jessie scolding me in advance for making us late .
oh , i told them i was bringing the police in first thing in the morning to dust for finger prints , and that as soon as they were identified we d be arresting someone .
i d say junior pierson is behind the whole thing .
everyone is gon na be at this thing .
hell , those people are ready for this kind of thing .
the first thing i heard was meredith crying .
i missed the end of it , i was talking to the other detective , i said , did she say anything interesting after the tamale thing ?
anyway , if gretchen went down the cops would figure out that junior killed amanda , cause that s what started the whole thing .
the thing that seemed weird to me was , you know , the casual nature of the whole thing .
i m going over to your place right now to watch the thing with jessie .
probably a random thing then .
the last thing i wanted to happen was to drive all the way to manhattan beach and find out he had already left the house .
i explained that the second visit was to deliver the racket and that one thing led to another .
the worst thing that could happen is if they see or hear us before we want them to .
so maybe that was one good thing that came of the whole business with mad max .
i saw the whole thing and there is no way she saw who threw the snowball .
ill take care of that first thing tomorrow morning , ray , i said .
the first thing , and probably the most important thing , is most of our staff are not selling .
the whole thing was rather amusing to me since i knew what she was trying to do .
being with you is the best thing that has happened to me .
the next thing i saw was darrell exit the vehicle .
one thing leads to another , you completely lose your temper , and you attack him .
we take action , rather than whimsically react to every little thing others are doing .
we cheered him on throughout the whole thing .
i think i fell asleep again , because the next thing i knew , lily was jumping on my bed .
slipping into his mind , i saw the whole thing played out in my minds eye .
there is no such thing as a capital offense , he hissed and wheezed in pain .
sven stood at the far wall , looking casual , like this was an everyday thing for him .
but the only thing that scares them is when they see their natural predators .
it was the closest thing to a brush with the law we d ever had .
same thing happened in germany , just after hindenberg appointed hitler chancellor .
i still remember charles gibson doing a report on the whole j.f.k thing and proving that one gunman took the shot .
you re so worked up over this one - way ticket , thing .
i could nt quite put my finger on it , but it was the same sort of thing that drove postal people over the wall , or enticed kids to bring guns to school and start blasting away .
i came along , too , just watching the whole thing transpire .
thirty - eight i must ve fallen asleep in the toilet , because the next thing i knew , jerry was pounding on the door , shouting to me .
the last thing i saw , grant knelt over me , injecting something into my arm .
a horrific , beautiful thing .
does this kind of thing happen to you often ?
one thing i was certain of : the people inside that van had some of the answers .
anna assured us that such a thing has never happened on the rare occasions when a human received blood from an immortal .
if you think were playing catch with this , you ve got another thing coming , said reid .
realizing quickly that was an odd thing to picture , i shake my head gently in disagreement .
so i focused on the only other thing that was more dreadful than being stuck in an elevator for an hour , ten flights up .
the next thing that happened is i was waking up and being dragged out of the tube into a tunnel by a very strange - looking man who i now think must have been the driver of the tube .
the pain in his chest was getting worse , however , and the last thing he noticed before he passed out was one or maybe two figures quickly cross the road in front of him in the direction of the teenagers .
the last thing tom saw before he lost consciousness was the driver moving over her and whacking her on the head .
tom experienced the whole thing in slow motion and felt as if his stomach was in his mouth .
an impossible thing occurred : a tiny hand plucked at a head , a head that could not be in this place between the stars .
it seemed a bit too much of a production to soro , but he had n't planned the thing .
* * * soro did n't know what was going on in arima 's pretty beribboned head , but he did know one thing .
` ` i know one thing , '' he said .
our system would be down at least once a week , and it was especially frustrating first thing in the morning because the system administrator , an overpaid computer junkie , typically did nt arrive in the office until nine most days .
i must have dozed off because the next thing i knew jay was shaking my shoulder .
getting called into the office on short notice on evenings and weekends was nt an unusual thing around here .
i sent them over by courier first thing this morning .
listen , can i meet with you first thing tomorrow morning ? ''
today i was starting a new job at the pristine and stuck - up law firm of mccallum & watts and next to sticking needles in my eyes , my next favourite thing was starting a new job .
they probably drank a thousand eggs for breakfast , but there was such a thing as going overboard .
he probably saw the whole thing .
this was the most exciting thing i d ever experienced , and we had nt even done one mission yet .
maybe she was behind the whole thing , trying to scare me shitless .
the last thing i remembered was tre holding my shoulder , the trees spiraling out of control , and me not being able to speak .
everyone clapped , including blue , and i wanted to run into the attic and hide until this whole thing was over with .
the whole thing must ve been a figment of my imagination .
the first thing i noticed was a cute red blouse hanging from an office chair , stationed in front of the desk .
but prayers , to mills mind , were supposed to keep such things from happening in the first place .
ellie kept crying , as though she had nt heard a thing out of the ordinary .
now listen to me , and listen goodthis thing .
the only thing he saw clearly was a lunch pail that went flying upward , splaying its coins , bills , and numbers slips into the cold night air , so much expensive confetti .
xx beau saw the whole thing .
he used to conduct a great deal of business here meeting with government officials , conferences with the company 's accountants , that sort of thing .
although he knew it might be the last thing he ever saw , patrick was pleased in spite of himself to recognize that he had earned some degree of both men 's respect .
while modot had never heard the churchs bell toll , he had , over the course of his visits to the garden , heard other things .
if there s one thing i ca nt stand , its getting an arctic blast in response to my sunny overtures .
being consigned to a group home at the age of sixteen was the best thing that ever happened to her .
jerry grabbed his hand and pulled him along behind her with the same enthusiasm shed shown for every touristy thing they d done together .
one thing i know for sure is that jerry is my soul mate .
she laughed and held out her hand to him , as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
he told himself , more than once , when he travelled those paths at night , guarding von hellemann and his estate , that there was no such thing as sorcery : there were no murdering witches : the summer solstice was just another day : midnight was just another tick on the clock : the full moon shining down on the woods was just another natural phenomena with nothing supernatural about it .
sovant had to admit it was an odd thing for a former cia agent to be wondering about .
we can resume first thing tomorrow .
very well , ill check you out first thing tomorrow and if all is clear you can provisionally become an outpatient for an hour .
he was so excited about being a father ; he thought it was the best thing that had ever happened to him besides meeting shirley .
one thing he wanted to see since he was nt that far away was the mount rushmore national memorial .
a few days later , it seemed the only thing on the news was about dougs last target and how the american terrorist had foiled another huge attack planned against america .
then just to make sure the whole thing had n't been some sort of macabre hoax , i 'd checked at a chase bank machine on lex .
next thing ol red knew , he thought he had his ass caught in a brand - new john deere hay baler .
i started to do a little checking and first thing i know i ' m stumbling across his name everywhere i look . ''
` ` well , a damned strange thing happened this afternoon . ''
the only thing i was sure about was that i had a very unpredictable tiger by its posterior handle .
attesting to the speed with which things can happen in japan when there 's the go - ahead from above , the location had already been staked and the trees cleared .
next an odd thing happened .
next thing i noticed was the new list of players .
the exact same thing happened to me once in a chem 201 labduring an after - hours endeavor wherein i was steaming out a twenty - gallon benzene container preparatory to an experiment on the propensity of brewer 's yeast to convert grape sugar into potable ethanol .
but it 's the kind of thing that ca n't be explained in words . ''
` ` then the next thing i heard , you were down in the bahamas , goofing off and renovating some old yacht . ''
` ` there 's no such thing , believe me . ''
anyway , it 's always the first thing i check for . ''
the next thing she knew , he 'd departed for the caribbean ; her father had died ; and she 'd gone back to work on her own doctorate .
` ` thing about the states , you 'd be daft to walk in a park there after dark . ''
now how do you suppose a thing like that could have happened ? ''
the one thing he did see was vera karanova standing over him , a blurred image his mind tried vainly to correct .
the only obvious thing out of the ordinary was that she was fully armed .
he knew a good thing when he saw it .
the first thing she noticed was that the guard was missing from the front security station .
i thought that was the most marvelous thing in the world , so i did it , too .
the whole thing could have been over in another three or four hours .
it was an impromptu private joke , a spur - of - the - moment thing , that he found delightful .
the worst thing that could happen .
` ` yeah , '' nichols concurred with a smile , ` ` damnedest thing . ''
the last thing she saw before she hit the concrete was whitney holding up her cell phone .
the next thing i remember is finding myself in this mass of smoke with this man here , '' he said , pointing to jim .
` ` the only thing this shows is that you do n't take therapy seriously , detective , '' shyla said , watching aidan sit down in the comfortable leather armchair that he detested so much .
` ` the only thing that you have to do is keep at it and you 'll outdo me , for sure . ''
others were standing around drinking coffee and talking about what had happened as if the whole thing had been a scene from a new film .
they 'd just repaired the world - famous clock on top of the tower when that weird thing had started to happen again .
the youth asked , starting to find the whole thing ridiculous .
` ` it 's some sort of medieval thing , '' lance suggested as aidan drove away .
the next thing they 'd be searching for flying saucers .
the last thing she saw with any clarity was a man dressed in an elegant black suit , appearing out of nowhere , retrieving the silver boomerang and then disappearing without saying a word .
and given that wilfred was talking in the same enigmatic way , the only thing that occurred to him was that the old man had heard about james white 's miraculous escape from the fatal accident , and that james and aidan himself were the carriers of some secret cure .
` ` i ' ve treated cases of double personality before and the first thing that i notice is that the patient is n't usually conscious of having two personalities . ''
he 'd got involved again in this affair to save his son from his battle with cancer and dylan had popped up converting the whole thing into one big party .
` ` the strange thing is , there was no white suit this time . ''
james told us to keep our noses out of the whole thing .
but that was still some minutes away , so he just fidgeted where he was , playing with the rope fixed to the harness around him , hoping the whole thing would be over as soon as possible .
it was the sort of thing that you never forgot .
the whole thing seemed like a set - up .
but the next day the same thing as before happened and they withdrew into their customary shells .
the saddest thing of all had been lance 's death .
the worst thing she 'd found out so far was that it had been them who 'd sent the envelopes .
the whole thing was set up in a public place and one person , earl black , died .
it seemed that tedd and todd had somehow covered the whole thing up .
` ` that 's a strange thing he just said , todd , '' tedd said .
the whole thing 's been a lot of fun . ''
non - essentials are being sent home , you know , teachers , technical advisors , that sort of thing .
even in such a short period of time , in four days , i had come to the conclusion that my daily humiliations at the hands of smiler would be an eternal torment , a fixed thing in this small universe .
we ve sold you to another group , more experienced with this sort of thing .
heavy is the crown , that fell to the ground , and split it wide open and i fell straight to hell , baby i hurt youits the only thing i regret , i did nt deserve you and i had you yetsoso i m gon na stay away so so i m gon na stay away so , so i m gon na stay away so so i m gon na stay away so you can have the best of me .
usually it was full of voices lyle watching his favorite tv show , that 70s show , and laughing at every single thing even though he d seen the episode about twenty times , birth talking about the crazy groupie he met at the show last night , and stokey filling in the silences with his outrageous belching .
its just a funny thing to order , he said , all giggly .
i figure the next best thing to sleep is laughter .
her wrist hurt , but the most painful thing was to see what shed been building now a mess .
no such thing as rush hour traffic or crime , just good old - fashioned stores and people you knew from way back when .
everyone knew each other , no such thing as secrets in this town .
the closest thing heard from outer space was in 1977 called the wow signal .
the same thing could be happening to us .
turns out they were nt the only ones with the idea , half the town had gathered around the inn looking for the same thing .
i saw this exact thing on a tv show last week called boys in blue .
next thing you know they have their shotguns out saying , get off my planet .
the only thing he saw for a brief moment was a quick flash of light from above .
did the same thing happen again ?
the same thing happened to me kyle quickly said , i was almost hit by the black car as i ran across the street and something pushed me across the other boys looked at each other in wonder .
the only thing they saw was the general at his desk looking over maps and a group of soldiers sitting at desk typing on laptops .
over ninety percent of how their ship works is still a mystery , but we did find out one thing .
bobby watched the whole thing happen from the back window wow , what great driving timmy .
seeing in in a book is one thing , but in person , its incredible .
the next thing they knew , the water switched to the desert sands .
no one in the future will know there was a thing called the gradual exposer mission bobby nodded keep in mind grey aliens are not going to land on earth tomorrow .
the moving of stones was a big thing five thousand years ago , but today we ve moved onto more complex things like cern .
next thing you know the humans have their shotguns out , saying get off my planet .
you know , ever since i was called about the lamberth thing , people have been questioning me about this one way or another .
anish.there is a thing i have to tell you also show you some papers .
in due course one thing led to another and soon maltibai was pregnant with my child .
there is no thing as spirits and after life ...
during the night a very strange thing had occurred .
some thing bad was going to happen .
such hit - and - run incidents are a common thing here .
the first thing gerald noticed , she was without make - up .
the first thing she noticed was her mistress extremely short , bad hair - cut .
she was the best thing that happened to him .
brother murdering sister , its not a pleasant thing .
i focus on the pain the only thing that 's real the old familiar sting try to kill it all away but i remember everything johnny cash , performing nine inch nails , hurt chapter 6 the badge of the sublette county sheriffs department was really a simple thing , made of something like thirty percent silver and the rest pruett did nt know what .
having a soul mate is indeed a wondrous thing , but when that soul is torn away , the remaining wound of separation can often never heal .
man passing out , ty , just ai nt the same thing as him blacking out .
if i do nt , the worst thing that can happen to me is receiving notices for not attending club activities .
i do nt mind shaking hands with people or even being hugged after delivering good news ( not to say that kind of thing happens to me frequently , anyway ) to someone who was waiting for what seemed to be an interminable quantity of time .
every little thing needs at least two reasons to happen .
oh , there s no such thing .
for you to save me , that would be the last thing i could ever wish for .
knowing that i was nt the only one needing that , i decided to let the whole thing happen a little longer before making any significant movement .
that is the kind of thing that only happens in movies .
like every single thing that ever happened , the events of that day were proven anti - climatic and dull when the hindsight bias was applied ; the historians fallacy made everything obvious and absolutely ridiculous to say the least , and to pinpoint the truth by hypothesizing after the results were known was nearly impossible because most things aside , the simple presence of time travel in a case blurs the lines between cause and effect beyond recognition .
not only that : when i had my own problem in the past my first reaction was running away despite the fact ryo was the first person i saw right after the whole thing happened so i do nt think i can easily be considered reliable and centered .
` ` yeah one thing led to another and wham , bam , thank you maam , we ended up back at my place slammin back some shooters and rollin in the hay ! ''
` ` that s the last thing i want to be with you , detective ! ''
he had forgotten what it was like to be young , when every little thing was always someone elses fault .
but i d say first thing tomorrow we d better start sifting through some personnel files , eh ?
the first thing i noticed was that i could nt stretch out my hands , nor straighten out .
yes , the scientist said as if it were the most natural thing .
you never stop babbling on about some fool thing or other .
maybe i just passed out before the i m kidding - hahahahaha part i mean there s no such thing .
chapter 5 the next thing i am aware of the sun is peeking in a bright yellow line through the blackout curtain .
there s no such thing as ghosts , my dog needs therapy and my husband is poor at word choice .
i shake my head and do nt know if she recognizes me or not but the first thing i see is a washing station .
the funny thing is , it was a calculator - watch .
it was the first thing i saw when i woke up : it running away from me .
i do nt know , but its the last thing i remember .
and it all pointed to one thing , that of which i had already mentioned and am loath to repeat .
they see me carrying the beautiful annas books and assume we kind of have a thing going on .
i had dreamed of this very thing for years , and now that it was happening i did nt know what to do .
and to think , the worst thing that ever happened to me before that day was barbies hair getting caught in the scissors .
one thing you will never see is me getting a massage .
now i 'll let the cart take you out , but as you go out , i want you to see one last part of me , the part that corroborates with my mind , my heart , and in case you ask , it 's this way , because i ' m broken , beaten and scared , it 's not something i ' m proud of , but it 's something i live with , i thank you to everyone whose still on board , and has lived through this past decade of demons , and ill promise you , there 's more to come , and now for the last part of my tour , i hope you have your flashlight ... bye bye now ... learning curve i slid the second story window open , and walked out onto the roof , the tin creaked under my feet , my jeans gently blowing in the cool wind , i feel the air touch the skin on my chest , i walk toward the edge , and sat down , i stared into sky , at the stars , i lay there , for hours , thinking over everything that had happened in the last month , i pulled a cigarette from my pocket , and lit it up , i felt the air pull into my lungs , a forbidden taste , only used in times of deep thought , and that 's what this was , it seemed like the entire game had changed , with two simple things , a touch , and a tug , and suddenly everything was open , i took another drag , and the images file back into my head , of you leaving , of you waving , and in my head , i knew that soon enough , i 'd be digging into your head , earlier tonight , that 's exactly what i did , but the place i purged into , is n't one i go to often , and never wan na go again , i let the blood out of my veins , and began asking questions about your past , hoping for your honesty , but at the same time , hoping that i would n't learn anything , i saw the look on your face , as the questions grew tougher , and i knew , as things went on , i did n't want the answers , i was seeking , but before i finally told you good night , i saw the look on your face , one that told me everything i 'd learned tonight , were things that you did n't want to tell me , so i kissed you goodnight , and now i ' m here , on my roof , running details over in my head , in the morning , i feel that a phone calls needs to be placed , and maybe i 'll tell you goodbye , and i ' m not what you wanted , what you needed , what you expected , in the morning , i will tell you goodbye , for one final time , the doubt laid to rest , as the puff of the cancer stick , disappears into the air , as i step back through the window , letting the doubt and feelings , lay on the tin roof , behind me bombshell the concrete playground was deserted and the shot in his stomach left him hurting , he knew what must be done , coming this far left a hole , that made him feel so old , would the coming pain linger , like a high note from a singer , where had his life gone , unsure of where to go next , he had the gun in his hand as he looked up at the duplex , did they care where he 'd been , he thought not , it was then he forgot , that he was alone , and screamed into the darkness , he knew what he had done , the man did n't ask for it , had n't been the target , it was all a set - up , left to make him wish , that the ditch , was the place that he called home , he had n't signed up for this , but in the end , was n't this his wish , to end the suffering of a country , but not with a shot , the events played , like a bad home movie on a cheap screen * * * * * * * * he was in the crowd , his ear bud popped , that was his sign , that the coast was clear and it was time , he focused , took a deep breath and walked forward , for years he wondered what this meeting would be like , ever since he was that little tike , when he 'd been forgotten , and left alone by the father who never wanted him , he walked on through the crowd , scanning for problems , finding only people with faces , that screamed with joy , was n't that this man 's real gift , to make people feel good , what about your son daddy , what about the boy from the hood , the one you left behind , to chase a dream , he walked faster , not wanting to cause a scene , and before he knew it he was face to face , with his father , that left him behind all those years ago , he reached up , put one in either guard , then one in the man in the middle , such shitty security detail , for a such a powerful man , he took off running , through the downed crowd , stepping over people and taking care , he took off running , that 's when he felt the pain , the bullet pierced his stomach and he almost went down , but he was determined , to not let himself fall , he got out of the park by the skin of his teeth , that 's where he laid low , they hunted and hunted , and found nothing but empty ground , they had n't given up , hell no , who would give up the hunt , for the man who had just killed the president , or dictator , guess it depended on how you looked at it , they had expanded the search , began looking at hospitals , he was sure of that , being in the barracks for the years he had , taught him how they would look , as soon as the coast was clear he set off for the boss woman 's house , when he arrived they patched him up , and when he came to it was dark out , he looked around and she was sitting , in the corner of the room looking over him adoringly , hello sweetheart , he waited before talking , raising himself up on one elbow , hello mom .
the men come from everywhere , beginning to beat on him , his vision goes black , he hears the men yelling , as his last breath leaves his chest , he opens his eyes , and the beach is all around him , he rolls over , to see the lovely young lady , that this whole thing started with , but he 's confused , what happened ?
how did a man , who claimed to have experienced the same thing , know where the fine china was located ?
arguments , thing that never occurred between his parents , broke out .
understanding only casually why he could remember such a thing , he flicked them on .
the first thing he saw was my fist crushing his nose .
` ` no , i just ... '' the last thing i remember , henri snuck past me into pearl 's room .
my arms spread widethe sort of thing crowds likeas the festival undersecretary brought me the most beloved city relic , the winterend goblet , filled with red wine .
i was thinking we could have a party in the barns , you know , a real chill thing with music and whatever .
but one thing hell never know is what happened in the city .
she would hole herself up in her room , pretend she was sick or whatever while dad and his brother watched the tv all day and night like it was nt even a thing .
the entire thing started to put me on edge despite the alcohol working its way into my system .
our lives flashing before our eyes , one last thing to enjoy before we all exploded or something .
the next thing we knew , rufus and i were pulling bob off his former partner .
well leave first thing in the morning .
not after that thing with pete .
she said the best thing that happened to her is when she went to visit the grimms at black forest farm .
the thing is it turns a bit around that rock but it takes us right down to the water and everything around is rock so we should be safe resting there for a few minutes while someone goes for help .
i could nt believe that yet another thing could go wrong .
the next thing she knew , gavin was at the door .
then she saw the last thing she expected to see and the last thing she wanted to see .
for an instant , i felt disembodied , and the next thing i knew , i was in a room that was clearly not a part of the wtc .
the next thing i knew , i was waking up in a hospital bed .
interesting thing , it takes energy to move matter - energy .
but thing you want to do , do you want to shoot me ?
in the cages animals of every type were imprisoned , and the worrisome thing was that not us n'era one as mother nature had done him !
i added with the closed eyes picked fingers around the thumb , hand that stirs before and back toward of him , then wide apart braccia that gets up and they lowers ( but thing you are saying ?
and has thing happened then ?
the dobermann and i sincerely to scuffle was really the last thing of which i would have had desire and need , but to that point it seemed really that i / you could not do of it really to less because to avoid the clash would have liked rimangiarsi the words .
and then thing has happened ?
the only positive thing is that i have been saved from the traps of barbie , for the rest your body me ago literally disgust ; he / she stammers , he / she does n't see us and he / she does n't know how to read .
but thing you do , do you still speak alone ?
the only thing that was a relief was my knowing tonka and tony knowing him too .
the next thing the inmates saw was sampson swing a fist once at smith striking him in the nose , blood splattering to the floor , then smith spinning around and smack his head on the wall .
next thing i knew i was back in the little room i had spent so much time in over the last few days .
clifford and i were on vacation awhile ago and one thing led to another and the conversation turned to how i was told jeffrey motter , while out on bail , had been talking to two boys in front of his house .
no one had seen a thing .
patricia called her for every little thing and always followed her advice .
it would be best if the same thing that happened to her sister happened to her .
this frightened marsha because one thing she did nt want was for bertha hoff to be rummaging through her computer .
he threw rocks in my yard , that sort of thing .
first thing tomorrow , ill deal with the cleaning service and the company that runs the kitchen .
the last thing anya saw was a pig biting him in the back .
at first she was afraid , but then she realized that she was experiencing the most beautiful thing in life .
last thing that senior naqvi saw before losing consciousness was the sight of his son 's body being tossed up high up in air like a broken rag doll .
same thing happened in pok too .
one thing that he sensed soon enough was that he was not on solid ground anymore .
the closest thing that could ' ve caused a shooting incident was when a couple of j10s under control of a chinese awacs flying 100 km inside chinese territory had come within 2 km of border .
there are lots of good parts , infact more than the bad but you know how it is when one bad thing happens to you ?
forgive me for being so nosy but from what i ve seen of chiefs and the whole pageantry thing , i would have expected to see some hangers on and lots of fluff .
another odd thing , he thought but he was secretly looking forward to it .
do you know i never knew there was such a thing till i came to north america ?
one thing led to another and as they say .
please ohhhhhwhat one thing led to another ?
not only there , but the whole day , the same thing was happening to her .
that night , the same thing happened .
i mean , i watched the whole thing .
but that was n't the horrifying thing that brought the group to them .
when sara awoke , the first thing she noticed was that she was the only one there .
the same thing happened to matt a moment later .
even though their abilities are nt as pronounced as mine , they ve still experienced the same sort of thing i do .
if we put all of them in the paper , the only thing people will be doing is reading the paper .
i want to be sure you catch whoever did thishorrible thing .
when adam went into his apartment , the first thing he noticed was the boggle shaker box had been knocked on the floor again .
i think i d just chalk the whole thing up to coincidence .
` ` there was a peculiar thing .
` ` since we went over to see lyman , '' he said , ` ` there 's one thing that 's been bothering me . ''
` ` she had a terrible terrible thing , '' adolfo said .
first thing that s really interesting , as i mentioned before , is that this guy has quite a mixture of styles .
the frustrating thing is that another testing kit arrived last week that will enable us to run tests on ten more loci , but i ve already used up all of andrews sample .
first thing i saw , corrado ; they hit me immediately .
but this thing , sal , i should have told you , i wish i had earlier .
you know , the other thing that s odd is john was in keswick and apparently heading for the gallery .
were seeing the police first thing in the morning to tell them all we know about his recent dealings customers and so on .
sounds like you and this ced person have quite a thing going , muttered lola .
those that attack the body by altering its dna cancers , exposure to radiation , that sort of thing .
were not the famous five ; this is real life and in real life , people do nt do this sort of thing .
the whole thing was a silly accident , and entirely my own fault .
about the only thing you ll feel is the prick of the needle as it punctures your skin .
they were supposed to prevent this sort of thing .
they are treating the whole thing as a probable murder / suicide .
i must say , john , he seemed remarkably unsurprised by the whole thing , but maybe that s the way he s trained to respond to bizarre situations .
the first thing they heard when they awokeor perhaps that s what awakened themwas the rooster crowing .
the twins were still somewhat shocked by the whole thing .
chrissy had been extremely excited about grandmother lydia planning to come there for thanksgiving , she could n't wait to tell johnny first thing .
grandmother lydia insisted it was the funniest thing she had ever seen .
sean and kathleen never realized that johnny had set up the whole thing so they would have dates and he and chrissy could have a night out .
it was a terrible thing that had happened and had shocked the small town .
the same thing occurred again like a horror movie .
taking out a piece of paper and an old pencil from a mileage record book he used to keep , he wrote down several words that came to him immediately as he thought about the thing which gripped him inside the museum .
are you going to come to this luminaria thing tonight or not ?
a new job when he returned might be just the thing to get him back on track and forget all his fears .
the last thing i remember was jonathan saying he had a way to stop the rain .
and now , this thing that had happened last night .
and heres the strange thing .
his brother had sworn that it had been a stupid mistake , a one - off thing .
his thoughts had been back with conrad hunter again and what he would do to the man who d destroyed his daughters life - probably not the best thing to be thinking about when speeding along at nearly eighty miles an hour .
* the first thing frank was conscious of , was a rooster crowing on a nearby farm .
the next thing karla knew , frank was threatening the man with the useless gun .
the first thing i noticed was there was no more cheering on the streets ; in fact , i detected an atmosphere of resentment .
that was it : the whole thing would be a huge anticlimax and perhaps he would be embarrassed by the family , but there was no way to avoid it .
if there was such a thing , his wife was not interested enough to notice it .
the whole thing lasted about an hour .
- funny thing was , mr walcott , whoever it was just had this little torch , like us , and he did nt switch on the lights , it was like he was coming to burgle the place , like what we d just done already .
in fact the thing that was spontaneous and almost an accident seemed to happen only after that call from patricia suggesting a changed venue .
she worried about how it might affect their futures ; a politician of vision was one thing , but a politician who saw visions was quite another .
anyway , the next thing is that someone calls the fire brigade , sometimes the kids themselves who call , so the firemen have to come to put out the blaze and the kids and their mates can amuse themselves by throwing bricks at the fire engine .
tim had arrived on time , an unheard of thing .
he did all right when that soviet thing finished , i do nt know the details .
i suppose a bad thing happened .
he was talking to me as if we d had some kind of thing going on .
solly martinss eyes did the darty thing again .
he was about to award himself the weekend off when he remembered three things : first , his conviction that she might never return to abc tec ; second , that it might not even be her in the first place ; and third , the photographs on the phone .
look , the thing is i m looking for somebody .
i always had the impression shed had a hard time of things in life with parents , maybe , that kind of thing .
we were nt used to it , that sort of thing .
no that was the thing not that he did nt know , but that he could nt guess .
would have had pg on his epaulettes , that sort of thing .
and well , they re likely to make a noise lots of searches , dogs , you know the kind of thing .
the thing is- every single active ingredient in every groundup product that comes out is tested repeatedly .
` ` at least til 9:30 , you heard about that thing in yemen have n't you ?
` ` the exact same thing is happening in the americas , although the entire story is n't out yet- that wo n't last long .
the secretary believes that something fishy may be going on at nbacc , trying to destroy evidence of project deniability , that sort of thing .
* -- * -- * johnny knew the news would hit all of them especially hard.-his dads family had loved his mother , janet , ever since she had come to ireland as bruces wife and they had all just fallen in love with grandmother lydia when they came in from ireland for his and chrissys wedding.-there had been twenty - two of them who came all the way from county galway to wish them happiness and grandmother had welcomed all of them into her home.-considering that lydia had been estranged from her own daughter for more than twenty - three years and had become cold and bitter toward everybody ; that was a miracle in itself.-when chrissy and her mother , penny , befriended her , lydia had thawed out completely and had even made a trip to ireland to visit with her daughter , johnnys mother , and her family.-when one realized that before that lydia had nt even been to the local grocery store for almost ten years ; that was miracle number two.-it seemed such a shame that it would be this point in time that she would become ill and not be able to do the things that she now wanted to do.- neither chrissy nor johnny had slept very well that night and the first thing when they awoke , they called the hospital .
well , let me check the daily log.-i believe i owe you for thirteen days at sixty dollars a day.-that would be a total of seven hundred eighty dollars.-i do nt have but about eighty dollars in cash and the bank is closed.-they close at noon on thursdays.-i can get it for you the first thing in the morning.-will that be all right ?
chrissy tried to comfort her mother ; though , actually , she thought it would be sort of nice to both be going through the same thing at the same time.-maybe her mother would feel better about it later .
if you ask me , they know a good thing when they see it.-bruce is a real catch for them and they have sense enough to know it.-lydia , who hated bruce with a passion until a little over a year ago , could nt find enough nice things to say about him at this point.-she realized now that bruce was the best thing that could have happened to her daughter.-but , oh , how she had resented them both for eloping and getting married in the first place.-and then they had made their home in ireland and that had definitely caused a real rift.-then johnny , their son , her grandson , had come back to kentucky and made his home with her and from there had fallen in love with chrissy , their neighbor.-grandmother lydias heart had finally thawed out and she was a completely different person now ; and how grateful everyone was for that !
the extensive search for evidence following the shooting of finkley had produced some shell casings and some cigarette butts from an area on top of a nearby building.-they had traced those shell casings to a local dealer and could hopefully identify who had purchased them fairly soon.-the cigarette butts had been sent to the state crime lab in austin to be tested for dna.-that could take two or three weeks but if the dna profile they pulled from the cigarettes came from someone who was in the database , they would know who their shooter had been.-that still would nt tell them who was behind the whole thing but they might be able to apply a little pressure and get some answers.-the charge against him would be attempted murder since the victim was still alive .
her smile trembled as she said , umm , actually , is that ryu thing another tattoo , cause my best friend is called ryu too .
and the sad thing is , i had no choice .
i guess the last thing to discuss is nigel obviously knew where she was headed and stopped her in her tracks .
the thing we discussed she cut him off .
that the cia had orchestrated the whole thing ?
the last thing i needed was for charlotte and frankie to tear off down the street .
the only thing was that one of marmonts prison guard buddies was already there when i arrived .
but the call in itself might be the one thing to alert nel - m that things might not be so cool with himself either , would make him next on the list .
stratton said that he d type up his report either when he got back that night or first thing in the morning .
when i mentioned the boy it seemed to be the only thing to create some doubt in durrants mind .
tracys tone brightened ; one thing to have gone right .
jac headed to libreville to see rodriguez straight after , because it was nt the sort of thing they could discuss on the phone faking the e - mails from josh durrant but rodriguez was nt able to help , communications were monitored too closely .
the only thing is i got ta get back on communication - room duty to receive it , rodriguez said .
the thought had suddenly struck jac while shifting some files from his desk first thing that morning , recalling that in one of them , a shoplifting case , the police had requested image enhancement on the key security camera pictures .
it seemed way too easy , all of it right in front of them , the worst thing happening being a little physical violence .
being in someone 's pocket is the least bad thing that could happen to us right now . ''
this being miami , it probably was n't the strangest thing the bellhops and lobby workers had ever seen , but their gazes did seem to linger a little longer than usual .
bit of a terrible thing went down there . ''
at least if you 're going to cross me , do it with some fucking relish , enjoy it you bitch ... it 's the last thing you 'll get to enjoy . ''
his adrenaline subsiding , seth realized how incredibly cold the river was , and that it would be the most brutal irony in the world that despite all he 'd gone through , hypothermia would be the thing to do him in .
what 's the worst thing that could happen on a ten - block walk ? ''
next thing she knew , it was morning .
the next thing i knew , i had risen off the earth .
you know how i feel about it , and i do n't want to hear you telling anyone about what happened because you will change it into some kind of spiritual glory thing .
this sort of thing was nt supposed to happen in the real world , but it did .
she was worried the whole thing would end up giving her nightmares .
the first thing i noticed was grizz unconscious in the arms of the zandith crockmior .
they worked hard to fashion countless galaxies at once , but as with all good things , something terrible was destined to take place .
first thing the stench hit her , blood and her own body stink mixed with the surreally mundane odors of soap and shower gel .
there s a big prosperity gospel revival thing going on , all those suckers that think they can name it and claim it so god will give them a new mercedes and a new bass boat .
the funny thing was that when he visited a few weeks ago that was the first time he 'd been out of ireland .
` ` surely you would n't want the same thing to happen to you would you ? ''
they 're the best of the best and have all done this type of thing before , remember surprise is your friend .
he assumed the same thing was happening at the back although it was out of sight .
the only good thing that 's happened is that we have a chance to bring viv back into the family .
they grabbed me and the next thing i knew jordan and casey had me pinned to the ground while steve lifted up my shirt and slapped my stomach .
and the sad thing about it : there s someone like me in every school .
i sit next to john in this class , and of course with every good thing there s a bad : steves in it , too , along with two of his drones : jordan saunders and casey vector .
we had to decide what type of situation we found ourselves in ( a car ride , having breakfast , out to the movies ; that sort of thing ) , and what we would say to one another during our interaction .
i did nt expect to , but one thing led to another and by the time we signed off of x box live it was already two in the morning .
the only good thing was that the class was nt full yet and i was nt completely humiliated .
one less thing to miss and remember .
it was the most horrible thing i ever experienced .
the other thing that i realized was that for two people , a kill count of twelve is atrocious .
the only thing i regret is that i have nt done this sooner .
in italy we drink milk with coffee first thing in the morning , after that we only drink espresso !
terrible thing .
he seemed friendly enough , but sam was so nervous about this whole thing that he was still wary .
it 's a weird thing to find out you 're dying .
but the one thing ludwig was scared of the most was m13 august was just as short as before .
eventually a really indigestible thing of rachmaninov played in the castle .
he got stuck on one thing that happened just about a year ago .
you ' ve seen the sort of thing they ' ve sprung up all over the country like mushrooms over the last few decades .
i felt a little sorry for alexa wheelan as the only thing she 'd done wrong was having a wannabe capo hood like wheelan for a father .
i said ` ` if we 're going to win this thing , we need to give people some encouragement . ''
` ` well , umm , here 's the thing . ''
` ` for this is the thing the priests do not know , with their one god and one truth ; that there is no such thing as a true tale .
the only thing i looked forward to was an opportunity to sneak away and swallow a handful of relief .
just being under this sky gave her a contentment that was different to anything she experienced in europe , where it seemed that every good thing came bundled with unwanted complications .
the worst thing jill could imagine would be to be trapped here at dusk when the lionesses rose to stretch and pad out into the grasslands to begin the nights hunting .
he kneeled down on the ground and suddenly began to sob like he was crying for every bad thing that had ever happened in his life .
his mother had always said he would become a runner because the only thing he did when he was a kid was running around in the courtyard of their house in florence .
he could leave now , he was nt committed to stay , but ian smith , might look in last thing , see if he d made any more commission .
a funny thing happened at the gallery today .
i d better be getting along , busy day tomorrow , sorting the building out , insurance people to speak to , that sort of thing .
next thing he was running , chasing the two figures , but they had too good a start on him .
the next thing i knew , shannon was walking beside me .
the whole thing was a set - up .
the next thing i knew , i was laying on my back with him sitting on my chestclutching my throat with his hands .
the next thing i knew , it was eleven o'clock .
this type of thing happened every so often .
her mind shut down the possibility that the elder had seen the same thing .
the fruit thing was an accident , he said , weaving around the tables of the shop .
onion saw a girl who was standing on the outskirts watching the whole thing .
the next thing she knew arms were around her , and a warm face was pressed against her own .
the eccentric , absent - minded professor look had caught many unawares , valmy was a past master at sharp , often combative comment to draw out his rivals , and then the next thing they d see their comments ridiculed in a re - buff is some scientific journal .
that was the worst thing that could happen at this stage : a bad cough or flu could deplete ebans t - cell count by eighty or more .
one thing her and chisholm had in common : a child sacrificed on the altar of their careers .
the only thing she could think of was that one of the other section heads was earmarked to move across to oncology , or perhaps one of their shining stars .
for awhile , vic looked ready to get up and call the whole thing off .
her unmistakable glow , despite the obvious withdrawal symptoms , and sound countenance meant that carls dying was probably the best thing that had ever happened to her .
one good thing came from vics varnish discovery , though .
i m responsible for every rotten thing that s ever happened in our lives .
as she zipped past , elaine could nt smell a thing except stale sweat and plenty of it .
i m going to be the best thing that s ever happened to those junkies , let me tell you .
after all , he s the one who got the whole thing started in the first place .
its the funniest thing .
the fucked up thing was that montys mother was a crack head and everybody knew it !
the whole thing was tripped out !
the crazy thing is i was runnin game on them while they thought they were runnin game on me !
the last thing these white people needed to see was a buncha niggas in here clownin .
you can see this type of thing happen a thousand times , but it never loses its sting .
i suppose it would be all right , if its a one - time thing .
but honestly , jay , even if that thing did nt happen , i d still wish to be eating dinner with you right now .
that s a rare thing .
they can hardly believe such a thing happened .
the end of the world is a scary thing , and preaching about it should give urgency to repent and accept christ .
if not for her , then she would see this thing through to the end for tyrone and aunt ninevah .
if the wrong appetizer and a bottle of subpar wine is the worst thing in that cocksuckers life , he should be down on his knees and kissing your feet for proving to him just how good he s got it .
but heres the thing his smile had now completely vanished .
next thing i know , i wake up .
besides , same thing happened to him .
as jessica slowly fell asleep , cradled in elis arms , there was only one thing she was certain of .
* * * the first thing she realized was that she could nt move .
sad thing is , jess dinah sighed .
funny thing is we never even had sex .
he wanted the same thing you want right now .
what s your favourite thing to plant ?
well , now that you mention it the man pauses , there is one thing but it could just be coincidence ...
i commented , as though it were the most obvious thing in the world .
the thing was , verdad never gave the old psychologist the incentive he offered him , so naturally granger threatened to come to us so verdad killed him .
she was scared the same thing would happen to her so she kept her mouth shut .
you d be surprised how common this kind of thing is .
well , now that you mention it , i did notice one thing .
schneider noticed one more thing .
probably the best thing that could ve happened to him , in hindsight .
i want to head over to moms house first thing in the morning , he added while he walked over to a tree and started to pee .
heres the thing : if you do nt change , become a team player , i have to fire you .
next thing she knew , she was in the dark seat of a vehicle .
next thing she knew , she was being pulled from the limo .
more questions chapter 9 it was the most humiliating thing to ever happen to her .
one thing david winthorpe was right about was she hated not knowing things , and she wanted to know what happened to sheila .
he knew a good thing when he saw one and he nurtured the friendship with just the right dose of deference , bordering on veneration .
` ` what is the last thing you were able to talk about before he went into the coma ? ''
or were some of them required , or maybe recommended by your affiliations , clubs , gangs , that sort of thing ? ''
i do so hope you can help me out there as the family is in such deep mourning and the funeral is scheduled for first thing tomorrow morning . ''
you know , what kind of beer you drank , that sort of thing . ''
` ` incredible day , too much to get into right now , and now i have to head down south again first thing in the morning . ''
we 're both tired , and we need to attack this thing with eyes wide open , first thing tomorrow , okay ? ''
it was nt as though busters problem was the worst thing that had ever happened on the farm .
his cousin ed , who was the owner of eds towing , always told all his drivers to get the vehicle hooked up first thing .
she was nt showing enough skin to be a sure thing but bobby had seen a lot of pros , especially since he started babysitting frank back before he d done his stint in federal prison , and he had confidence in his ability to recognize a visitor when he say one .
sadly most marriages do nt survive this sort of thing .
she had a lot on her mind , the main thing being that the thing with finch would nt be over until they talked and worked things out .
but the most interesting thing was watching this guy who i thought was a maniac but who steadily won more and more .
ran out of money , she said , like it was the most normal thing in the world .
its a simple stage out in the woods where people perform songs , dances , sometimes theater , skits , that type of thing .
my greek was still poor so much of the conversation was beyond me and normally i would have ignored the whole thing anyway , but it was a rather unusual group and there was one among them who had , as far as i knew , no connection with the university at all .
could be just to throw us off , could be the real thing .
the maid knew next to nothing about t. and his business dealings , but confirmed that the golf game was a regular thing and not often missed .
problem she says is he needs another radio for the thing .
strange thing happened .
nobody saw a thing .
the whole thing will move to dc .
you get to dc and get ahead of this thing .
funny thing , he has nt asked for one .
ron changed the lead selection on the monitor , but found the same thing in all three .
come on , jack , he thought as he scanned the screens , end this thing .
it was an awful thing to witness .
in reality , most people had the breath of death first thing in the morning , and the last thing a couple would do in reality would snog each other 's faces off .
it was a horrible thing to see .
it was a sad thing to hear from a woman that i cared for to be so open and reveal her wounds that she had carried for decades , but i was glad i was there for her .
six months later , the same thing happened .
i then looked at jason , who never saw a thing .
in fact , the only thing that could possibly bring more attention to our northern neighbours would be if their national football team was to actually win a match , but that is so unlikely it has shot through the realms of impossibility and burst out the other side .
its not just a recent thing - for several months now i have had these nagging feelings , tugging me inexorably in the direction of the borders and beyond .
which is leading me to say that i am fast becoming a firm believer in what i call geezas law , due to the fact that i have often heard him repeat this one statement , sometimes under his breath , as if continually reminding himself of it at specific times : there is no such thing as coincidence .
and this is the amazing thing !
over the years , of course , the same thing happened and gradually , as the population declined , the less desirable parts of the unfortunate otters were incorporated into the meals so as to get as much out of the animal as possible .
the negative associations have become so strong over the last couple of generations that you only have to hear the word drugs now and you immediately think about dirty , filth - ridden smack houses and sallow - faced addicts breaking into houses , beating up grannies for their pensions and that sort of thing .
he dragged me around the back of the grandstand and over to a building which housed , i found out later , a few small rooms that served as offices , some toilets , a couple of store rooms that kind of thing .
i vill now leave you to be guarded by a complete numbskull vhile i go and stand near some extremely flammable barrels of somethink , havink taken avay all your possessions except for your special watch the thing is , world domination is just not enough for these super villain types .
the next thing i knew i was lying on my belly out in the street with my hands fastened behind my back and a hood over my head .
oh yes - i almost forgot the most bizarre thing of all !
having seen and experienced what the professor had been able to do i just find it astonishing that there are people out there who seem happy to write the whole thing off as the actions of some lunatic .
its the weirdest thing .
he had his fair share of them back in the less desirable districts of new york , but the one thing he expected he did not see .
heart ailments , that sort of thing .
he must have passed out because the next thing he remembered was laying on a stretcher and being put into an ambulance .
it seemed a strange thing to do in a muddy hole with death all around them , but they did it all the same .
good thanks , look , sue said , about yesterday , that jungle of death thing and the piranhas , what was that really all about ?
the first thing that caught his eye was the amount of western males all unaccompanied .
stopping to get his breath urie heard the weirdest thing .
she was amazed at the speed he moved , the whole thing was a blur and she could see now why he had said fluidity .
no doubt they were shooting both still and video cameras trying to pick out that very thing .
this thing should take a few days , so you ll get plenty of time to figure out who is always there , who is playing maitre d for the people who get in the news .
the whole thing had a cascade effect as the belgian government collapsed again as it did so often .
next thing i know , i woke up with my face buried in an unfamiliar pillow .
just make sure its broken up first thing tomorrow .
its first thing monday morning , brightwell .
perhaps the hardest thing to which jake needed to come to terms was how close he had been to intervening .
it was almost always the first thing he would see every day , and the last thing he would see every night .
he remembered every exact thing that happened .
he knew what had been said and by whom , and he remembered every little thing and every little detail of friday 30th january .
the worst thing that could happen today was a repeat of yesterday because he had some sort of lapse in concentration .
the next thing he heard was , i ' m arresting you on suspicion of the murder of brian brady and for the attempted murder of the joseph brady .
it looked like such a thing was certainly possible .
a trend is usually a short - run thing .
this whole thing started when you shouted into the sky when your family had been killed .
there will be time to do that , but with any luck i can prevent the thing that started it all , and there will be nothing to report .
he was the only one who could stop this whole thing from happening .
no one looking at the car now would recognise it as the car jake drove first thing this morning .
he wondered how such a thing could have happened right outside a police station .
i ' ve been trying to figure out your association in this since your number plate was traced first thing this morning .
the next thing jake heard was unmistakable .
the first thing any of these forces saw when entering the factory was jake and d.i arnold , each still holding a smoking gun , with ironside lying on the floor in his own blood .
not the kind of thing we usually get on our street .
` ` things have changed in this country since you went inside chris .
had they but known it , the police planning was laughable in that their intention was obviously to remain unseen until trouble flared , rather than prevent such a thing , then to leap from their vehicles and race into the high street to confront ' white supremists ' in action , in full view of a sympathetic and collaborating media .
surely then they would fight tooth and nail to prevent such a thing happening here ? ''
the whole thing has been hushed up , put down as an accident on the kitchen detail . ''
` ` pixi , look ... here 's a thing you need to see ... '' seth carried a folder covered document over for my inspection .
he nodded a greeting at me when he spotted me from behind his counter ; he came on over to chat , ` ` sorry , i heard about seth , dreadful thing . ''
my wife was smiling , happy that i had made an effort , it was simply the sexyist thing i 'd ever seen .
the saddest thing about our police force , about our country ; was that autonomy had not brought technological superiority .
jared looked up at her ; his interest piqued by her strange choice of words , then the oddest thing happened .
then , the oddest thing happened , i had my finger on the trigger , ~~i make errors but very few gaffes , the gaffe i made just then blew up in my assailants face ; dipping me head - to - toe in his blood .
she listened attentively , but there was an underlying suggestion in her stance that screamed at me ' how could you have allowed such a thing to happen to our child ' , and because i felt as guilty as hell ; i kept my council , and did not try to defend myself .
how the hell did they manage to pull this off , you know , actually get a device into a secured area with personnel trained to prevent exactly that sort of thing from happening ? ''
all salvaged vehicles had been moved to a small grassy patch normally reserved for nick 's patrons at the side of his building , apparently the whole thing had been very good for him , what with the department paying him out the equivalent of three months turnover to look after us for a month .
more than one cop , i had known had been forced into retirement through a scourge of threats to their families , it was a well - known thing .
sorry , i realize how traumatic this type of thing can be on a family , it will do her good to be away from all the media attention , '' ` ` i ' m not sure , she was n't here when damon died , she had already gone to comfort her family after the horrific death of her niece . ''
the next thing i realized was that he had n't left his gun at home .
` ` do n't be sorry , it 's not a bad thing to remember him . ''
the next thing she heard was a sergeant beating on her bunk with a stick .
we know at least one thing you did spur of the moment , snickered laura .
amy returned their look and then she did the most unexpected thing ; she laughed .
of course , we saw the whole thing on cnn .
funny thing was about the same time i made friends with this woman who managed the apartment complex with her husband .
marshall met me in a lather at the clinic door first thing thursday morning .
if the worst thing he does is go after your tires , that s a good thing .
and the thing is , all the things i drank overloneliness , trying to fit in , trying to fill the empty place insideim finding all those things taken care of in sobriety .
the only thing worse than mary kate bellowing in my ear would be inclusion into their mini - clique .
the next thing i knew i was out of the car , staring at it from the middle of the parking lot .
it was the last nice thing to happen all day .
marshall played the whole thing off .
we did nt prescribe medication ; notices stating that hung both inside and out to prevent this very thing .
the second thing i noticed was the reddish - brown smudges staining the paper .
paul collins i noticed one thing .
another thing meitikini , paul collins , prince of maasai promised farmers would laugh .
in fact that s nice thing you did .
~ the next thing i remembered , i was on the ground , my head was throbbing , and my eyes were wet .
the next thing i knew , i was falling through and finding myself on the floor .
i remembered falling asleep at mandys , laying next to ethan and the next thing i know , i m in the backseat of ryders car .
the next thing i knew he was flat lining .
that was the last thing i heard before the void took me again .
the next thing i knew , i was laughing violently at her .
she was the last thing i saw before my eyes went blank .
the next thing i knew , i was sitting with a boy on a hill , close to where ethans car had been pulled from the river .
the next thing i knew , we were standing in front of trynnadons room .
the whole thing played out like a movie .
a hand lifting me up was the last thing i felt when darkness closed around me .
it was just one of those out of the blue moon thing so do nt get too jittery over it .
precious thing you were .
you will not remember a thing that happened here , i said into his mind .
its just an automatic thing when a vampire walks in .
she was leaning casually against the wall , watching the whole thing .
when he walked up to mcbride , the first thing he noticed was that mcbride was even shorter than himself .
` ` prohibition was the best thing that happened to me . ''
` ` hate to see this kind of thing happen . ''
` ` that 's got to be the saddest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' harris said once they were in .
this thing that happened at the plant a few days ago could look pretty ugly if anything happened , understand , if the cops started digging around . ''
her death was an unfortunate fact of doing business , but he did not want to have this type of thing happen .
eddie was there at that woman 's place , but he 's mcbride 's pawn in this whole thing .
he saw the entire thing and knows that mcbride did it .
` ` just the person i wanted to see , first thing in the morning , '' silva said when he stepped around the corner .
he 's the best thing that ever happened to my business .
the last thing she remembered was someone whistling a tune she had heard before but could not place , strong arms grabbing her from behind , before shoving a filthy rag in her face , and then everything went black .
sweating in wintertime in the dunedin climate was a rare thing , brought on usually by vigorous exercise , but in his case , it was probably over indulgence , his body just trying to purge the toxins .
first thing in the morning , he would ring the bank and get them too hurry up on checking usage on her account .
the whole thing seemed surreal too her , surrounded by darkness , blue and red flashing lights blinking , giving glimpses of this officer standing beside the car looking sternly at jonas as he remonstrated about his driving .
the next thing that happened was the passenger door opened and another police officer beckoned her out of the car , this time it was a female .
she did not want to be sick ; she just wanted this whole thing too be finished .
i know you remember when that was ; it must be the last thing you remember .
the rest of the team had seen the same thing in the darkness and needed no further explanation .
it turned out to be a short , uncomfortable , passionless thing in the back of his smelly old car , parked at the top of signal hill .
` ` that 's not going to be an easy thing to put behind you mike .
i must have fallen asleep , as the next thing i remember it was morning ; i was still in the car .
this kind of thing might happen in new york city or houston , but not in myrtle beach .
radar that sort of thing .
i want to go through the whole thing again using the simulators but going at twice actual speed .
[ 145 ] that was the last thing they ever saw .
the first thing i noticed was the screaming .
not the sort of thing detective clower would like hearing about , however .
i wondered for a second if they d made noise the previous night but with the bar downstairs hopping as it was , i never heard a thing .
from where i was , i could peek straight down her nightshirt , and it was the nicest thing that had happened to me all day .
we get in the limo and the best man , loud guy , three chins even at twenty - three , he starts talking and getting the grooms blood boiling -- he s going to be higher than he s ever been , girls will be dropping to their knees around him , and hell need protection for the whole day that sort of thing .
thinking back to the last thing i could recall before waking up in the parachute , i remembered very clearly getting the shot to the head with the three wood .
heres the thing like , he continued the bum 101 class , you need just one dollar more and then you got bus fare back to the valley or something .
in the middle , well , was the sort of thing that made you instinctively take a step in an opposite direction .
because the first thing i did when i was borni did nt cry , i did nt shiver , did nt say hey , gim me some milk , lady , nothing like thatfirst thing i did , i let out this huge fart .
because the first thing i did when i was borni did nt cry , i did nt shiver , did nt say hey , gim me some milk , lady , nothing like thatfirst thing i did , i let out this huge fart .
in fact , not too long ago , i d seen cnn reports on this very thing at the tire store .
i did nt entirely mind : the previous nights the bath i d taken , drained , and taken again was the best thing to happen to me in recent memory .
i learned a little about cats when plugged into the cobb county audiotape library , but those were mostly lions , tigers and pumas that sort of thing .
what would i know about this sort of thing , so i m a little slow on the pickup .
learned response sort of stuff -- think bells and drooling dogs , rats in mazes looking for food -- that sort of thing .
i spun back and asked the tee - vee doctor if he knew much about hydration procedures or research , that sort of thing .
i was the best thing to happen to you in years . ''
you re not the best thing to happen to me in years .
i heard a voice , deep drawl , say : that was the craziest damn thing i ve ever saw .
yet another girly thing wren enjoyed .
next thing crombie was sitting beside him , legs dangling over the cliff , smacking him on the back and wanting a conversation .
death is a beautiful thing , he almost said out loud as he unlocked the door to his aston martin .
i remember trying to get patrick , then 15 and with a ridiculous little stubble on his chin , to get into sports or music , but the only thing that seemed to bring joy into his existence was to sit on his chubby ass and play video games .
the famous tv - presenter , who witnessed the whole thing from only a meter away and probably got some of her regurgitated food on his shoes , probably asked the same thing .
its not the weirdest thing for couples to go through a rough patch .
i wondered how long she would feel like hiding from the spotlight , would we need to cancel everything or would she walk out of her room like a new being , ready to forget about the whole thing and start anew ?
yes sir , the same thing happened in corea during ilje sidae .
the only thing they report on is our tension , which is exploited by hindustan .
keep in mind , the same thing might have happened to you even with the bypass .
it was the biggest thing that had happened in these parts in years .
nicest thing is that its paid for .
the fish in my solar box are cooking up there , and the neat thing is that there s no cost for the fuel .
other cities got sick , but la is the holy grail of this death thing .
its a terrible thing , greg , al said .
the last thing i remember was praying : maybe in the morning , lord , you ll help me to understand just what it all means kefa said , all the while looking at the screen of his laptop as he sat at the long white table in the kitchen of his papal apartment .
does this sort of thing happen very often ?
one other thing i sensed a presence .
bob continued , a funny thing happened .
maybe if they die off , that s the best thing that can happen for us .
its a rare but not unheard of thing .
its the same thing that happened in port angeles .
he was in professional and expert hands that were used to this sort of thing , so his only option was to let them get on with it and hope for the best .
shortly after they had moved him out of intensive care , one of them , a corporal in the 1st rifles , had made his way over to dusty on a zimmer frame sort of thing .
* * * 9 - peter northcot a short list of one clayton was nt used to this sort of thing ; there was no doubt about it .
i have nt come across this sort of thing before , but vandals often break the gate down to get in .
the whole thing will need to be carefully choreographed .
i m sorry , zachary , this whole thing was a mess up .
this is a very social and a harmless thing in small amounts , besides we just watched the moviewe have toi went out on a limb for this stuffdont be a worry wart or maybe he would nt have to say anything and she would just snort it without argument .
the whole thing seemed harmless really , said shanice .
the same thing happened to them .
alburt says the same thing will happen with hazel , said cathy .
statistically that sort of thing is bound to happen , said zachary .
but she has this thing where she takes the heads off her dolls -- .
such a thing should happen to no one .
i mean we talk about herods curse as if it is an actual thing , like malaria , said samantha .
but the thing that set them both off was when the race issue got involved , said zachary .
such a thing has never occurred !
is this whole thing some elaborate set up so that i earn a grey cliff merit badge for helping a homeless guy ?
but what happened to you is the same thing that has happened to many thurmonds who have gone on to achieve great glory at grey cliff , said mick .
exactly , every night , it the same thing over and over , said alburt .
have you ever heard of any such thing happening anywhere in america ?
i m sorry about lying to you about the photographer thing , said bruce .
so anyway i was trying to explain this to her in the helicopter and she said that whole i do nt think i could ever be more angry with you than over this thing -- .
yes , to plunge his knife into her heart at a moment of ecstasy if such a thing were to occur it would surely snap his cock back into position , its mushiness forever regaining its ability to change to a sinewy bulge of pleasure from the merest of glances at some sexual object of desire .
but all this , it is just so completely unimaginable that this type of thing would happen in this day and age and it honestly has me flabbergasted .
he may have been a puppet without a mind of his own , but at least he took the time to research my shoe size washington , jeffersonian elites headquarters , misinformation branch : the first thing that mr . x noticed was a large round table in the center of the room , and the second thing he noticed was that no one was sitting there .
but such things can not be the world is a place of contradictions : man and women , black and white , life and death .
i felt the numbers and the pieces coming together , like in one of those fast - forward videos of people building a film set , the kind of thing featured in dvd extras .
i used to write a to - do list on my bathroom mirror so i 'd always see it first thing .
what thing did the mind get up to this early in the morning ?
medicine packaging loves to promote that shit - made using herbs grown for a million years in china , that sort of thing .
the first thing i thought upon seeing the truck 's cargo was that i might have vastly underestimated coyote - my second was that this did n't necessarily mean i was n't still his equal , which meant i had also underestimated myself .
i remembered as a kid watching how my dad could focus on the tv or his paper or his sunday dinner ( the only meal he ate removed from the kitchen table ) and still never miss a thing that happened outside .
this was the most exciting thing to happen in my 14,000 hours of being awake .
the last thing i remember is pulling the phone from the pocket of my sweatpants and seeing that it is 4:00 .
funny thing , cal says behind me .
best thing that ever happened to me was her leaving that day .
the last thing i remember is red crashing through the door , the sniper rifle held at his side .
the only thing was as shed come to find out , painfully college professors were less forgiving .
to the viewers , though , it did nt matter that they kept seeing the same thing over and over .
i ' m really interested in conspiracy theories and i would like for each of you to name one thing that you think the government is covering up , art said .
the only thing a close observer would have noticed is that they were all in extraordinarily good shape .
he had been practicing for this type of thing .
no , he wants a succession in place in case any thing happens to him and therefore we agreed that my name and frank walters would not be mentioned .
the only other thing she missed was her occasional sunday gambling at the cock - fights .
the only thing that they did with almost unbroken consistency was their secret slipping away to the comfort of the trampoline in the dark after the evening meal .
` ` yes , '' replied boy , ` ` the guard slept through the whole thing .
` ` domingo , we 're only a part of this whole thing . ''
he had slept peacefully through the whole thing .
the only thing that saved bigfoot was that he was still too upset over losing his unclaimed prize to think the joke was funny .
next thing i knew , henry thrust the leash at me , and took off like a shot .
between meeting harvey at lidias yard sale , the fire at marthas condo , and the crazy cell phone thing in the subaru , my life seemed absurdly surreal .
that s the cruelest thing i ve ever seen .
the funny thing was that since i needed a legitimate excuse to be at jackies house , she actually came up with a plan to hook me up with a developer who had started construction on a ten - unit townhouse project on a prestigious , oh - so - historic charleston street .
first thing the following morning , i showered , dressed , and hit the road just after seven , as henry and sunny were bonding over breakfast .
he did nt find a darned thing he was looking for .
first thing tomorrow morning , you ll need to be there at eight oclock sharp , cliff told him , brisk and businesslike now .
the last thing she remembered was seeing the van out of the corner of her eye that had plowed into the passenger side of her car and the jar of impact .
you are the best thing that has happened in my life and i need you until i m at least ninety .
steyn staged the whole thing , ben said .
enough of a public disturbance will cause the police to disband the whole thing .
josh being here was the exact kind of thing he was waiting for .
the only thing he did nt like was that some of the parents said that he was like his father gerrit who also cut a swath through the competition .
then , next thing , they decided that south africa was nt the place to bring up their children and they were gone ; to canada , australia , america , wherever .
the funny thing was after all that , back then , i actually respected your will to live and i might just possibly have let it all lie , but you had to come to the german kellar and do this to me .
to be shot at , not a thing to take lightly .
funny thing , he s around your age , she paused for a snicker .
there is no such thing , he said over his shoulder , smacking the blondes naked ass and propelling her ahead of him through the partition .
so about this wedding thing , vinnie said , standing up behind the cedars with difficulty .
the next thing i know , two federales and an army guy grab me and there s a gun to my head .
for the past two years , i ve been here and there , in europe mostly , watching people going about their daily lives , and everywhere i ve been , its the same thing , over and over .
they have a name for this sort of thing , do they ?
film the whole thing , tell everybody we threw you into the ocean for - i dunno - some fucking reason or other , and bingo !
and then they disappear back to their master and tell him just where we are , and next thing lucifer himself will appear and claim all our souls , he will !
you see , the thing is ... kate works for me . ''
kate agreed with me , that should such an unlikely thing like ' being caught in a time travelling h - vortex ' ... as she called it ... ever happen , and if she went back in time , then if it was the last thing she ever did , she would find a way to leave me a message telling me that she had survived and what had happened to her . ''
i was passing the schoolyard when the thing that i half expected to happen , did .
i probably imagined the whole thing .
sex for the fun of sex is one thing , nicholas contended through a clenched jaw .
as it turned to look at me the strangest thing happenedi could understand him .
she asked anyone that walked by her room when she returned to consciousness , but they all just walked by as if they had nt heard a thing .
she did nt know how she would react if the same thing had happened to her .
the sad thing was , she did nt .
everyone took this false start to be the real thing and squeezed their triggers clicks reverberated around the room followed by a second loud bang .
i do nt want to spoil you just yet , she said coyly as she gave stephen a little wink that was about the sexiest thing derek had seen in a long time not since he d left africa .
carlys neighbour would play their music incessantly when she was a kid , grunge being the next big thing .
that use had nt been lost , it had been taken away from him and the saddest thing of all was that , ultimately , when he really thought long and hard about it , it was stephen himself who took it away .
he knew that when derek mentioned this type of thing its because the deal has already been done .
derek was thinking of only one person , one thing .
i ca nt remember a thing but they told me that i did it to myself .
i never heard of such a thing !
you always dig up the adoptive mother , catch the city official with their hand in the cookie jar , get the mias body back , and that thing with the president you did .
but , the saddest thing of all , my dear friends , he never saw how the life was crushed out of them when his speeding car hit them from behind , exploding in a ball of fire .
but i do know one thing : i stood by the side of a casket , i stood by the still silent body of a young man who had sat on the third row from the back , and cried tears of sorrow .
the thing i do nt get is the zoning people .
we need some press on this thing .
i tell you , cole , i am just not used to this kind of thing .
strangest thing , he wrote a sweet little note on a napkin .
all the adventures in southeast asia , interviewing radicals , tobacco trials , that thing with the president .
she said the same kind of thing happened to her .
okay , okay , so what s up with this diamond thing ?
that s not important , the thing is to me it is !
the thing with phase two is the shopping center , and that s where allen has really shown an interest .
santo de christo , whisper said softly , i have never seen such a thing .
i look at it a little more often now and this morning i actually looked behind us , but the most amazing thing is , it is all located on a small laptop right in front of me , the manufacturer a hot stock in my opinion .
karen calls out seeing the same thing i ' m seeing .
i slowly drive up the small access road leading to the lower cemetery sections and pull in front of an area without too many gravestones , trust me its not an easy thing to find in here .
the other thing we talked about , when marissa was nt in the room was trying to have more kids , i liked that part .
so far the only thing i have seen is more bodies .
she thought it was the neatest thing that giant swans were pushing boats .
the only thing that ruins everything is seeing the remains of bodies on the ground .
the other thing i have noticed is that no one really goes out any more .
one of them actually slept through the whole thing , and karen says i sleep like a baby .
i count to five and sprint as fast as i can the twenty yards but just as i get about halfway i hear another loud shot , and the next thing i know i m lying on the ground in the middle of the street .
the next thing i know i ' m being dragged towards the entrance of the blair house and then pulled inside by lots of hands .
i stop for a minute seeing the video camera placed at the top of the stairs , marissa has recorded the whole thing maybe karen will want to see it later .
i ' m not sure how much time passes but the next thing i feel is karen 's arm wrapped around me .
marissa is the greatest thing that ever happened to us .
` ` that 's the other amazing thing , not one of them has any symptoms or any of the mothers down there . ''
i ' m not sure how long i pray though because the next thing i know is i ' m sailing across the sky on a new cloud and i did nt even get an injection this time .
i start to wonder if i was just imagining the whole thing .
i ' m not sure how long we stay that way , but the next thing i know is it 's the next morning and it 's time to go .
i ' m not sure how many pieces i have , but the next thing i know i wake up a few hours later and my stomach hurts .
i think i hug her back , but i ' m not sure because the next thing i know karen and jason are holding me up from behind .
its the only battle that matters , and the sad thing is , its a battle we always lose .
one day he feared they d come visiting , the fellow soldiers who d brought him back and let him go , letting the incident fade into the shadows of war , honour amongst thieves , that sort of thing .
once a year , such a thing is good for the constitution .
i do nt think i ve heard of such a thing before .
the funny thing is , she whispered , i have to leave .
he grinned a crooked grin that hope suspected was the last thing many a victim had seen .
the last thing i remember was sitting on the sofa .
boys will be boys and that kind of thing .
i got beaten well and good when i was sixteen or thereabouts and do nt remember a thing before that .
i really am excited about her getting married despite my protests because the thing i did n't mention before is she is pregnant and i m going to be a grandfather or as i decided a while back grandpa seth .
the next thing i know everyone is getting up and heading to their rooms .
i do nt have time to answer because the next thing i hear is jim yelling for everyone to get inside and seal off the doors .
chapter 8 several hours have passed and the sun has arisen , though with all the smoke we still ca nt see a thing .
the next thing we hear is jims voice on the loudspeaker that we need to get off now .
the next thing i know i open my eyes and the sun is out and its not raining .
i ca nt tell if its a store or a house because of all the overgrowth , but from here it has walls and a roof so its better than being outside , funny thing is i used to love to be outside on our boat .
i decided not to tell him about what happened when charles came back and shot some of us almost ended the whole thing .
the last thing i remember was just lying down and everything was pretty smoky .
ill see you first thing in the morning seth .
i must have fallen asleep because the next thing i know i wake up and the room is totally dark and karen is nt around .
i feel so excited even though this kind of thing has happened several times over the last few years .
the first thing i see is evans body lying on the dock .
i actually have a saying for this , what goes up must come down , but i do nt get a chance to say it because the next thing i know i am underwater and its difficult to talk with a mouth full of water .
i saw the whole thing out the window , but we could nt get out here till the storm slowed down .
i m happy were back on course because the next thing i see is ron walking towards us .
the next thing i know i m drifting off to sleep dreaming about being a commercial fisherman .
i wonder if the whole thing was a setup from the beginning .
i think karen tells him to but i m not sure because the next thing i hear is jim asking where the knives are .
i must have fallen asleep because the next thing i know karen is tapping me on the shoulder and the bags are gone from under her eyes .
but when he got out , the same thing happened .
the same thing is happening to me .
but the thing is that one of those women was the nicest , sweetest , smartest , most alluring woman i d ever met in my entire life .
the only thing different may be that there were two victims instead of one .
i think that s how you can tell real love from that other thing that happens below the equator .
first thing this morning , she said , rising out of bed and yawning .
i was beginning to believe i d imagined the whole thing .
to this day , i still do nt remember the whole thing .
the first thing i heard was plutos loud bark and a scrabbling of paws on a wood surface .
i really thought you were the mastermind behind the whole list thing and you were just playing the patsy .
there was no way that the dogs name matching up to this whole thing could be a coincidence , no way .
hmmm , that was weird , indy put the whole thing up to his inexperience on his new bike .
my hands flailed in the air with violence after i handed him the evidence and my proposal , but the only thing i received was a blank stare hidden behind nothingness .
the only thing that spooked them a bit was charlies warning again at the end of the night to be real careful at the place to keep away from the bad crocodile spirit .
there are even a couple places where it looks like had scraped the surface to remove marks and also where someone broke off branches a month or two ago , so it could all be part of the same thing .
so i want you to tell me , is it just a physical thing you want with me , or is there something real and deeper in what we have together , and can we even know .
next thing we were friends and lovers again .
it was tim , and he must have heard her because next thing he was standing next to her car , looking in at all her things .
she was also feeling light headed , like the whole thing was unreal .
if there was not some bad thing she knew about him , or that he had done , i can not see what there would have been to betray .
at mataranka as we speak , but just about to ferry into katherine for an overnight before i do a job on scott creek first thing tomorrow .
and , the fact that the hairs have nt shot up prove that you ve escaped being caught and imprisoned by ira ; which is quite an incredible thing to have happened .
then , a strange thing occurred .
then , an amazing thing occurred .
` ` first thing this morning . ''
` ` i think the saddest thing is that no one seems very upset about it .
could the same thing happen to us ?
the really strange thing is the insects are very quiet now -- no chirping sounds .
that s funny , the same thing just happened to me , derrick replied .
but the strange thing was they never did .
the only thing i can think of is perhaps the pilot was flying on his own and was nt talking to air traffic control .
they will check the coordinates again first thing in the morning and track their movement .
the one thing we do nt want is a wild fire out here in the northern territory .
what a terrible thing to have happen to a family member .
we saw the same thing on the dingo that we wrapped up and brought back to the lab for an autopsy .
well , a funny thing happened here geoff .
the three of them start talking about the last thing they remember , and it is amazing how similar the stories are .
the most amazing thing i had ever seen !
rats do this crazy thing called boggling where their eyeballs begin to pulse in and out of the socket .
the funny thing is they are really friends .
he hated to admit that he had thrived on the excitement of the whole thing , particularly as it had resulted in the deaths of several of his colleagues , but alex was an adrenaline junkie .
` ` the thing is , a couple of days ago the paper sent me down to do a routine report on a plane crash in the bahamas .
you should have them first thing tomorrow .
first thing in the morning kerrin drove to the nearest mall , and bought himself a new battery and a cell phone charger .
he had already called her first thing that morning and when he had spoken to her , she 'd had no plans to go out .
meeting angelique had been the best thing that had happened to him in years .
` ` you 're telling meshe 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
our source inside the media called up the station first thing this morning , oscar began , meeting ashe gaze for gaze , glare for glare .
and the story was heading for the newsstands first thing .
the thought was fleeting because the next thing i knew i was being thrown to the hard ground next to a metal barrel .
` ` there 's no such thing as special in hell , '' lizzie retorted .
the first thing that came to jasons mind was that the fluid in the pan was urine , but he dismissed that almost immediately ; it was too thick , and almost transparent .
the occasional banter aside , they d never had a thing together and they hardly saw one another for the first six months of her tenure , jennifer mostly spending time with her boyfriend , who had a nicer pad somewhere farther downtown .
i saw on the news about that thing in times square .
it was punishment for the cathedral thing .
listen , i know the hardest thing is when your only suspect lies dead .
the main thing was that after all these lost years he d begun to see a way forward .
only thing that makes it worse for the vets is coming home to no job , no means for providing for their families .
on the other hand , one thing kahn could see clearly in his mind was diaz strolling up to that messenger bag in front of the cathedral like he knew exactly what was insideand he could nt have known .
i have no experience with this kind of thing .
that desire had become something deviant , she knew , this thing she did to men when no one was looking .
i m sorry about the cathedral thing , lieutenant .
she s crazy , diaz thought : the only unique new york thing is my losing control of this conversation to a crazy person ?
you ever hear of a thing like that ?
if stoltz of atf gets wise to what s going down , i would nt bet against him stepping on his dick and screwing up the whole thing .
i do nt know anything about this thing that you have .
one thing led to another until i found too many names of seventeenth century poets seeming to discover stolen artwork .
the last thing i saw , and filed away , was a giant storming into my bedroom and kneeling next to me .
there are simply too many people involved in this thing for it to be a coincidence .
this might just be that one thing that manny and i were talking about .
he also thought that the whole thing seemed staged and he thought that the doc might be someones target .
it was the best thing that could have happened to me .
i scheduled a massage for you first thing .
it was one of those nights , i m sure you ve had them , where the stars line up , and every single thing is memorable .
we had nt intended to ... but one thing led to another .
i mean , i was nt surprised that he wanted this thing or that he was angry .
every single thing was perfectwell , except ... she said that you knew it was nt right because the night was so magical .
i ve never even heard of such a thing .
the next thing he knew , he was lying on his back with alexs foot on his chest .
that s the strange thing .
next thing you re gon na tell me to relax .
next thing i see you running off with some grotty little itiy .
this sort of thing must be a line these dodgy italians have with new arrivals to make a few dollars on the side .
ben even wondered afterwards whether he had dreamt the whole thing .
i did nt know that sort of thing still happened .
the thought occurred to him that perhaps he d find some men working on the ruins , although there had been no sign of that sort of thing so far .
no wonder italian wines get a bad name if that sort of thing still goes on .
a pendulous quality to it all , a heavy , demanding , insistent thing that would no longer be denied , that made itself known erupting from a dark secret place in him , a distant shadowy melody with its singular rhythm and harmonics .
it was the kind of thing a man would be able to brag about for all his days , a truly important event .
` ` but '' angel abi , making her voice throb with emotion , said , ` ` i ' m just glad your poor father ai n't alive to see that thing . ''
as for this law about using freshly squeezed grape juice , i ' ve been in the church for many years and preached for many years , and i have never heard of such a thing .
` ` i would n't have thought such a thing could happen here , but i ' m just glad marcus was n't hurt .
he seemed sincerely embarrassed about the whole thing , and it looked as if the prison would not allow anything like this to happen again .
the thing we are remembering here is that marcus turned to god for forgiveness , and god is willing to forgive someone as bad as marcus .
it was by far the strangest thing that she had ever experienced , and considering last night , that was saying something .
she brought sweet memories of things that i have not seen in such a long time , but you do have some of that courage of hers .
i told her we would fight this thing together , this breast cancer .
the strangest thing happened then .
the men pledged to support him in his quest for revenge against those that had done this thing .
oh , that s nothing to do with the hostage thing that happened .
i 'll have a look around some pawn shops here for some jewellery , gold bracelets , gold neck chains , that sort of thing . ''
from there , the next thing the records showed was faris being awarded a u.s . senate seat in oregon .
hum , i had been assuming that 12345 was some kind of kill - switch thing .
i know it is getting late but before we leave i want to bring up the other curious thing abdul said .
all eyes were on the king as he sat deep in thought at what gus had said , marveling that such a thing could happen in the united states , the home of the free , land of the brave .
how could such a thing happen among two friendly entities ?
the last thing jess heard before blacking out was someone on a phone say , no , i need a civilian emergency crew , the victim is a civilian , a damn priest , hurry !
while entering the ranch house was not a common thing for him , he had to make it look like it was and he sat down at the kitchen table and pretended to pour himself some coffee .
nicole returned to the helm and changed their course from southeast sharply to northeast , a current pushing east right here can only mean one thing .
running into a small stone mountain was the last thing the baslatmaks crew anticipated and as the great ship came to a sudden stop , several men were heard being thrown overboard and splashing into the black abyss of the channel .
i m sorry my brother , that was the damnedest thing i ever sawhow they killed her i mean , said hengist relieved that it was just a case of mistaken identity .
the world was a different place for those who had survived the minimum and things that were once confined to tales of fiction were now part of everyday reality .
sure thing , bill was relieved .
i will have someone there first thing tomorrow morning .
surviving the thing , i d heard a chap say , was nt necessarily the same as living .
i made to hot - toe over to them to get in on the thing .
` ` its a rare thing , '' he continued proudly .
` ` one thing does strikes me , come to mention .
after three rounds , and plenty of false starts , they got into the spirit of the thing with gusto and devastating skill .
strangest thing i just could nt wake her up , you know .
i felt , however , that it was inevitable that elizabeth would once more play a part in the thing before the final curtain .
worked with wrestlers , trying to put shows together , did a few commercials , that sort of thing .
kate , i need you to meet me in my office first thing tomorrow morning .
the next worse thing to losing a child is the death notification about a child to a parent .
i had decided to wait and tell him first thing in the morning when i saw natalie on the side of the road .
one thing had led to another , and * * * happy birthday , jack said , dimming the lights and lighting another candle .
but there was one strange thing that really got me shook up .
not that i expected such a thing to happen to me , but in those days it was better to be safe than sorry .
when i walked into her room , the first thing i noticed was the picture of andy and her mother on the bedside table .
i can have my people at langley begin work on that first thing tomorrow morning .
to his eyes , there was only one thing in his memory that could compare with what he saw : instead of the empires at - ats walking across the snowy wasteland of hoth , 24 duck boats crossed the quabbin en masse from the east .
the blood puddle melendez slipped on was the only thing unforeseen , but that mishap saved the old mans life .
she fell hard , striking her head , and the last thing she registered before the world faded was the drunk from earlier that night , kicking her with a savagery that transformed his mildly handsome face into a twisted mask of rage .
the next thing angie knew , she was on the ground .
that would be the last thing they d expect her doubling back .
it was years since i had had that dream and for a while i felt too disturbed to go back to sleep , but must have done so because the next thing i knew was the sun streaming in , and it was late morning on another beautiful day .
and the next big thing that happened was feeling the lump in my neck and being told that the biopsy showed a lymphoma .
and the whole thing was fake .
the whole thing made keith sick and threw up on the green carpets .
what a horrible thing to do to animal ?
next thing i knew , i thought i heard the sound of a bird fluttering its wings , so i opened my eyes .
nightingale decided this was the most frightening thing he had experienced in his whole life .
this was followed by proserpine 's dog who leapt towards him and the same thing happened .
i 'd no appetite first thing .
so were close , and it has worked wonders with quite a few folks suffering from one thing or another .
i could see that sort of thing coming , to tell you the truth .
the first thing that happens is multiple rapes by multiple participants .
the last thing he heard was .. well that s a fine how do you do .
so ill ask him tonight about the name change thing and then give you a call .
one more thing and then i ve got to run .
joshua admitted that there was the risk of that very thing happening , since the plan involved amits neighbor alerting the indian intelligence , so he condescended .
the last thing silver remembered , was haurot pushing her behind the door .
granted , her double 's appearance is hardly the worst thing that has happened these days .
but the most cruel thing is that this is the game nobody could win , evanford 's voice got even sadder .
i think the thing i was most afraid of was breaking down .
but there was one thing i was sure of .
luckily she was used this sort of thing and she used her upper - body strength to pull herself inside .
it was a great thing to see , but time was against us .
next thing i know , i woke up in parlour street .
and when anthony died i lost contact with the boys ; last thing i knew was that they were both married and living abroad .
someone who believes this sort of thing can happen will understand better , because he would be looking at the facts from the inside .
one thing i noticed when we were getting ready to call it a day , was the forest turning off the glow .
the first thing i looked at was the signature at the bottom .
it may be hard to accept right now , but in time , you may realize this is the best thing that has ever happened to you , vladdie .
the last thing i remembered as darkness closed in was feeling great relief that she had lived through the night .
the last thing i saw as the room plunged into darkness was the huge monk again lifting his iron spear over his head .
he held my gaze for a moment it was a calming thing then sat across from me .
i may go to hell for admitting it , but i was sorely tempted to let them do what they intended , but ma and pa had drummed it into my skull that the devil would claim my soul if i purposely let a bad thing happen to another human being .
the next thing that happened will be forever imbedded in my brain .
katharine and ben both laughed , though i could n't see one funny thing about what i said .
` ` tell me one bad thing you ' ve done . ''
the first thing i noticed was that it had one bright blue eye and one brown eye .
bad thing is i ' m not gon na be much use like this . ''
argus called first thing this morning and cancelled it .
one thing led to another and harry suggested she go to work at martys carpets , that the pay was better and the work surely not as bad , and marty had a great reputation around these parts .
but he glances up at the men high above them again , and for a second there he believes his eyes deceive him - except that as he continues to stare , the same thing happens again .
not exactly the most entertaining thing to sit and look at ... . to front like they have internet , scott cuts in with a satisfied smirk .
could they set up enough false lighting and air filtration systems and plant life - hell , even other animals , if they wanted to , i suppose - right now to where it was an ongoing thing , to where they never had to come up for air again ?
that one hot blonde actress whom has always seemed to eric like she would be a really fun and slutty drunk but probably a complete bitch the rest of the time , she s plowing into a bunch of deer crossing the roadand this is the last thing he remembers , for he is immediately out cold .
in record time , by racking up sales and dabbling in her own first timid purchase , which leads to bigger and better house flipping , she is turning away potential clientele , she is literally erasing the answering machine tape without a listen most mornings first thing in the door .
the tradeoff is that it makes them more susceptible in theory to being picked off from afar , but there are no other high buildings within range and anyway , they re not vigilant enough the rest of the time to prevent such a thing , to make paranoia here all that logical .
its only the most natural thing in the world under the circumstances .
the funny thing about that book is that orwell was a socialist .
crandall , wisconsin has maybe 20,000 people , tops , but tracy knows that timothy will show them a hell of a time , it has been years since they ve seen timothy and this reunion slash road trip to send stacy off seems just the thing .
last thing tracy remembers , its after 4 am and stacys sawing logs in an easy chair , anthonys twirling a glass of merlot in both hands its what the two of them are reduced to , cracking open a bottle they found in the house after everything else was drained and she s balancing one absently on her thigh as she sort of listens , sort of watching this sordid tale of this tall middle aged scumbag geek with enormous glasses being chased by his car after he runs over some young girl .
right but its like these people that complain or used to , anyway , i do nt suppose they re doing much complaining now , very many of them about this one thing in their life , this one thing if it would have gone this way or that way , their whole lives would have been much , much better .
but i am writing to tell you of a wonderful thing which has happened here on the front line .
perhaps it was because walter was so engrossed in his own crime that he had taken his eye off the ball , or perhaps it was just a case of misfortune that such a thing would happen in the same week , but walter was not the only person stealing from the bank .
to have a fully - laden train arrive at a platform which was unsuitable , i have never known such a thing .
this was the last thing he expected tonight .
this was the most exciting thing that had happened to her in years .
she did nt button it right away , which meant only one thing .
five what was the worst thing that could ve happened to me the next morning ?
you are the best thing to happen to this town in a long time .
dad did that kind of thing when i was depressed , but coreys hair felt surprisingly soft , which made the moment weird .
it probably would nt have been so explosive if i had nt just relived the entire thing with k - pop .
the weirdest thing is , i saw corey over there this morning , in the garage ... dancing salsa with fox .
we were probably the most exciting thing to happen all day .
could only mean one thing , so i made a u - turn and drove to the studio .
this is the weirdest thing i have ever seen , she said quietly , drumming her immaculately manicured fingers on the table .
damn it , the whole barney fife thing must ve been an act .
but for six months , there was this huge thing we could nt talk about because you thought i was too young to handle it .
so that thing we did nt talk about ?
this was n't the first time this sort of thing had happened , and last time the two turpentine owners had pulled guns on each other .
next thing , buck and charlie were dancing ; they danced through the heart of the crowd and up to nate and wendell shirley , standing next to the ticket taker at the turnstile near the center of the dock railing .
i ' m trying to get up and next thing , i hear boards ripping off jean 's door , seems like , and bernice hollers out , ' it 's me , jean , do n't shoot . '
the next thing i knew was that i woke up in here , wherever we are .
a few moments later the same thing happened again .
that was the last thing remembered .
the next shocking thing was the jeweled box found in the trunk , along with the body .
oh well , the worst thing , which can happen , is she wo nt talk with me , he laughed to himself .
the only thing , i see , is a sick bastard who wants to feel important by trying to make me believe he has something to do with cases that i ve investigated .
to watch john leave with a prostitute was the most painful thing she had ever endured .
roars of shouts repeat the only agonizing thing agreed upon here .
the next thing i hear is a faint voice say , job , joey - job .
i m going to see her first thing tomorrow morning , and bring them food and supplies .
jimmy , the two others , and i made it to a town ten miles away just to find the same thing happening there .
the next thing i hear is , irreverent , come and get your friends !
the first thing she saw was the entire neighborhood flattened .
mark immediately gets angry and barks out at me , i do nt want to hear about that god thing .
beth focused on the tv and said , there s a muscle car movie marathon on channel 362 if you like that sort of thing .
she s the best thing that ever happened to me .
meeting grace is the last thing he expected .
she had been there , done that , so that type of thing would not have mattered .
the strange thing was a slight breeze was , coming out of the seemingly bottomless hole .
the funny thing is though right where he built that enormous motel - lodge or whatever , was the biggest cave i ever yet to see .
anyway , the jap must have put some money in the right pockets because the next thing you know is , the resort is built and the town does n't say much about it any more . ''
charles seemed to be getting antsy and sheila had early appointments in the morning.after the holding and the small talk , it was time to go.fishing around on the floor for her belongings , sheila eyed the powerful ceo.for all the talk and impressive courtship , '' the whole thing had really been a pitiful few moments.the extent of their foreplay could have been measured with an egg timer.sheila hoped not to have to repeat this performance too many more times .
she told herself that one sometimes just did nt get it anymore , and on days like this , the extra dose seemed justified.in general , she had been angry about one thing or another most of the time.this would be carols number one future nemesis.the one that ultimately had the potential to take her down .
pam , '' brian said.im sick.and your lack of ability to understand that fact does nt change the truth.this is the most horrible and frightening thing that has ever happened to me.i will not defend myself to you one minute longer.brian closed his eyes and worked on slowing his breathing down while his wife continued to look at him.she knew the debate was over .
when we stop running , it catches up to us , '' carol agreed.the one thing this monster does is stop you dead in your tracks . ''
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * sam and jeff were in their usual disaster control mode.it was getting to be a pretty regular thing lately.sam had just informed jeff that sheila was arriving back in atlanta on friday and would be at her desk on monday morning .
whoa , wait a minute , '' jason cut in.this guy was suffering from the same thing you are ? ''
donovan worked on a respectable lie while he unlocked the file cabinet.he quickly found terry sanderss file and glanced through it.the patient had come to him a short time ago with common sedative withdrawal.he had been put on vitamins , with returning symptoms.when counseled on his options , mr . sanders had chosen to remain off sedatives.although he had failed to disclose any prior psychiatric problems , there was a note on the chart that suspected some previous depression.damn , '' the doctor swore under his breath.he had hoped that sanders had been one of the many patients that had opted to go back on his meds.the patients chart had some serious holes that , if evaluated by a medical person , would allow for a lot of unanswered questions.good thing i decided to get this tonight .
this is turning into a pretty regular thing , '' jerry said.i guess i can assume that my apartment looks just like this . ''
jerry went on a ten - block marathon.it was the first real exercise he had had in days and it felt good to work up a sweat.if anyone had been following him , they would have had to be in pretty good shape to keep up.jerry had been in training for this little cat and mouse game whether he realized it at the time or not.after clocking about two miles in less than twenty minutes , he ended up at the service entrance of sheilas complex.security was nowhere to be found and he casually made his way back up to sheilas apartment.when she opened the door he said , the security in this building is going downhill fast.i just came up through the service entrance without any problem , and that furniture delivery thing today was a fiasco . ''
i was doing a little research of my own today , '' sandra began.these people stand to make billions every year once the drug goes on the market.and another interesting thing i discovered.they have been in a little bit of financial trouble . ''
look , '' the man concluded , i know that you have nothing personally to do with this , but i ca nt seem to get anyone from your company to talk to me.this is the most devastating thing that has ever happened to me and someone is going to pay for it .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * wendy cox hung up the phone , confirming what she already knew.she turned to the group assembled in her office.i just got the unofficial word that dominexs attorney filed a lawsuit first thing this morning.the group groaned in unison.whatd you think ? ''
this so called difficulty has been the most devastating thing that has ever happened to me . ''
most of them will never be able to stop , '' brian ventured.this has been the hardest thing i have ever had to deal with in my life . ''
oh , the standard aches and pains , '' paul explained.doctors repeatedly screwing him up that sort of thing . ''
he asked.it was not a casual question.it was the most primary thought of a sedative victim.they were people who were literally walking through a desert in need of water and the only thing on the horizon was more desert .
this kind of thing goes on all the time , '' the doctor continued.anyone can claim anything in court , and they usually do.im here to make sure your rights and your sanity are defended . ''
same thing happened to a french barracks a few miles away .
` ` my name 's ingrid , and i ' m waiting for the same thing .
this was the kind of thing that happened only in porno movies , in fantasies , not in real life .
the story begins with jacks worst nightmare : he s arrested the long way home 1 jack saw the whole thing .
but i think the most off - putting thing about the book is the scene at laguardia airport where his father , tom , sr . , is gunned down .
rico said , lucky thing i was looking that way because it happened so fast ida missed it .
do you know what the most fatal thing in the history of the world is ?
mark brought his leg back in a breach kick and the next thing tim heard was a tremendous crash and then the door burst opening , banging all the way back on its hinges .
now it was the same thing , but this time it was her other love , her daughter .
` ` just had the weirdest thing happen .
do you know what the strangest thing was about meeting you at the casino ? ''
` ` the damnedest thing i have ever seen , '' he told ted over the heavy wood bar .
luck had never quite admitted or explained , but it was the sort of thing that aleister would be involved in .
i did a story last year on this sort of thing .
it had been the worst thing that could have happened , given the situation .
` ` how much do you know about this sort of thing ? ''
` ` ah , that must be a las vegas thing . ''
but felts ' death was n't the only thing howell wanted .
the priest did nt want to think about it , but he d noticed the same thing .
the first thing i heard was the warrior yell out , dammit !
the next thing i saw was the warrior in front of me yelling , get out of here , i ve got this !
the first thing i always saw was the trail of blood come into view ; it came out of nowhere .
the first thing i noticed was the gaping wound on his left forearm .
the last thing i saw was the man going back to help his friend .
i never knew such a thing existed .
next thing i knew , a weeks supply of food and drink were gone , i was five pounds heavier , and drunk as a skunk .
my brain had concocted an image of a half human , half jaba - the - hut - type thing .
then a strange thing occurred , the lights from the range rover began to move .
i went to check my cell phone and the next thing i heard was a splash .
it all smelt woody and the whole thing felt unreal , but once the three judges arrived , reality hit hard ; this was really happening .
mike saw the same thing i did and hurried towards the brunette as she took a small sip .
at least one good thing came from all of this .
i m sure they have more experience with explosives and that sort of thing .
that was the last thing i wanted to see at that point .
everything grew black around the edges and the next thing i knew i was on the ground with people gathered around me .
i wonder if i dreamed the whole thing .
the thing is we did nt use sugar free kool - aid to die him green and we all know how much he likes sweet things .
i looked over and maria was not in her bed although this kind of thing annoyed me , it was not uncommon .
what a horrible thing .
the one thing clare was glad about , was that her previous owner never put a tracking chip in her system .
will had hoped it would nt be a normal thing in life , after all , he did have clare who made his life noise .
the one thing she did nt want to run into , was in a room she should have avoided .
the thing is , though , it really does nt seem to matter .
ah well , another strange thing in a strange day .
erm , well , sorry mate , the thing is i ve forgotten it .
its like i told you i say , slowly , i had this thing at work , its like i ve got amnesia or something .
another thing you could learn at the police academy .
and not that it matters of course , and they wo nt care , but you know , a strange thing happens to people when they re in the jury box .
then , paris disappears , and the next thing we know he s dead .
for a civilian you know a lot about this sort of thing , adam said .
i tried my own user i d and the same thing .
the only thing we can see so far is that it has one song loaded onto it .
from behind white eyes , the black jester sees the last thing he wants to see on this rooftop .
the next thing you know i ' m hunting you down to do a breaking news story . ''
` ` any chance you could see me first thing tomorrow morning ? ''
` ` the funny thing is , when i asked him about the envelope that it came in , since it was allegedly mailed to his home , he said he must have thrown it away .
the only thing he was certain of was that it was n't monica 's lover , sandra .
the first thing she noticed was a boy 's face that had been rubbed out with what looked like a pencil eraser .
he recalled thinking that it had probably just been a one - time thing and meant nothing .
the only thing we see is high profile infidelity . ''
the last thing i remember was sam 's breath on my face and his threatening tone when he said , ` ` if you do n't leave the senator , you 'll be sorry .
` ` the strange thing is that earlier today we thought we had a new lead on the punisher , but it turned out to be a crank . ''
she was smiling at her as though her ghostly appearance were the most ordinary thing in the world .
if i went around bashing everyone 's head in with a hammer , like i imagined , then we would ' ve gotten caught by now , and the last thing that shane or i wanted was to get caught .
months ago the press covered his murder spree like it was the only thing happening in the entire world .
the only thing that shane feared more was being trapped in a small cell .
he soon finds that the only thing more deadly than the flames of vengeance is the fiery affair of the beautiful , american art student , barbara howard .
ill be leaving either this evening or first thing tomorrow .
here 's the thing , though .
amy could have the same thing happen to her at school .
the last thing alex heard was the man saying , ` ` i panicked .
kyle assumed they were calling about the same thing .
` ` here 's the thing , i wanted to tell you that she asked about the van fire .
meeting kyle had been the one good thing that had come from the secret life alex led .
however , danny knew that there were no reliable rules to this sort of thing .
` ` my head 's still spinning from the whole thing , '' danny told her .
` ` but i will tell you one thing .
home address , criminal record , that sort of thing . ''
he kept valuables in thererare stamps and coins , the most expensive bottles of wine , that sort of thing . ''
he 's still hot about that stun gun thing at the courthouse , '' ellie said .
i scooted along about six feet of duct , kicked out an exhaust fan , and the next thing i knew , i was on the roof of that dink nail joint next door .
` ` but things only started falling in place when i reversed the sequence .
you know i got this partial plate , on account of that football thing back in school , right ? ''
i saw an amazing thing as he spoke .
during inconvenient episodes , we 'll do special coverage of the celebrities and rock stars in attendance and their unique perspective on politics , economics , physics , world peace , that sort of thing .
we 're talking about meth , cocaine , heroine , pot , that sort of thing . ''
' well , if we figure if we could distract the people from their real problems , get them fighting with one another , stir up envy , that sort of thing , we might buy some time .
a crisis is a terrible thing to waste ! ''
kathleen was nt sure if such a thing was possible .
well , that was a convenient thing to overhear .
she walked off the yacht as if she owned the thing her family did own a couple yachts , after all and disappeared into the crowd .
it could easily have been aimed at her and just hit gunter by accident ; perhaps he 'd learned that chambers had been in the building too , and was afraid she 'd seen the whole thing .
` ` thing is , after all that effort to rebuild my career , i get tired of hearing i ' m only the second - best in the field .
that was the last thing alyssa remembered before she passed out .
the next thing she saw was the small of someones back .
but he only knows about one thing , one moment .
you re going to compare a little '' but it was nt just that one thing , was it ?
we thought it would be a blast having this thing .
first thing i noticed was that there was always food , mostly meat , but sometimes vegetables and berries .
and all without anybody noticing a thing .
well , there s the thing , he said .
one thing mary had known , when i left her for the transport plane south .
there s this thing about chimps , boterre said .
exercising at night was a common thing for her to do .
another thing it definitely is nt , is my blessing of your match made in heaven , riley called out , just in case furn was planning on taking the by - pass home .
its the sort of thing you might want to start noticing .
the funny thing is now i m on a case involving a secret organisation with a whole switchboard of tentacles .
the sad thing is there s going to be no one to hear you in this particular venue , not even if you scream a thousand screams .
well the same thing is going to happen to you .
there was one more thing i wanted to do to him .
i m sure your people in south africa would know nothing about this sort of thing would they ?
chris he realized that the events that had transpired first thing this morning had mirrored the final , traumatic events of the previous night .
the next thing that transpired next frightened him worse .
the songs and stories intertwined and you can see how it worked out by visiting www.deepskytraveler.bandcamp.com ( i wrote all the music except bass , lead guitars , and vocals ) a strange thing happened ; i discovered , postscript , that the stories found here were directly connected to the novel i m preparing to publish .
and if he had nt experienced itlived through it himselfhe might not have believed such a horrible thing could have truly have happened .
convinced enough to come around and tell us first thing this morning .
first thing tomorrow , ill check the back to see if anything is missing .
some people claimed that he d set the whole thing up , so that he could run away with a mystery women whom he d met .
` ` but i thought walton associates specialised in this sort of thing . ''
` ` what sort of thing would that be , mr johnson ? ''
` ` not allowed , that sort of thing , is it ? ''
we are used to this sort of thing .
` ` we 're beginning to make progress in proving what i accused certain people of doing three years ago - corruption , fraud , that sort of thing .
get her story - nearly four years after the biggest thing that had ever happened in her life - lovely stuff for the entertainment of some .
` ` and another thing , jim .
but we need help to get some international arrest warrants - interpol that sort of thing . ''
at eight thirty three the same thing happened with the indian fund .
when i followed guido in antwerp , i noticed the same thing .
i must have fallen asleep almost immediately because the next thing i knew was the squadron leader shaking me gently by the arm .
i ' ve no experience of this sort of thing and no qualifications .
there was no trace of the stamp for the original which must have been removed and the whole thing had been very skilfully faked .
the next thing i knew he had fallen backwards on the ground under the weight of my tackle and i was lying on top of him with my arms round his waist .
pretty close thing it was , too .
i know , she said miserably , but it seems a terrible thing to lead a man on to his death , however bad he is .
explain that thing you did again , hawk .
all the rns were put on 24 hour call , but i never left the hospital once during the whole thing .
and i ve told you , i m telling you again this afternoon , that thing that occurred between us happened only once and it was years before you and i were married .
they wanted this scene to be a nearly flawless rendition of the real thing .
but say such a thing could happen , say it had happened .
but he s afraid to now , because if this thing about the rapture is even a remote possibility , and they ve been truly born again , saved , as they claimed , they would nt be there .
next thing he be running nigh the whole wide world , and he ai nt done yet .
the saddest thing you ve ever seen .
next thing , he is running up the beach , shouting , shaking a fist in the air .
there s no extant tradition i know of this myth but i could imagine such a thing happening .
this type of thing happened in israel but not here .
he saw the whole thing so he s pretty shaken up .
the only thing he was nt jazzed about was leaving his high school sweetheart behind .
hand covering her mouth , she asked him how he could ve possibly survived such a thing .
jon had very little patience for this type of thing and what little patience he did have was just about used up already .
he cursed himself and blamed himself for ruining the best thing that had ever happened to him , for being blind to how tara was really feeling long enough for her to want to be away from him , to initiate the break .
that s the interesting thing , danny says , scratching his head .
shed chastised him for everything thing elsebut as he braced himself for the stern lecture he got another round of her smiles instead .
mr . theo tried to be sympathetic and his emotions failed him a tear rolled and fell on the paper , gilly knew that the news were not going to be good at all , but he hoped for only one thing , he hoped they are not dead .
gilly froze and panicked , seeing jane was the last thing he ever thought will happen , it was he was seeing a fairy tale ghost , he treated the meeting as a real coincidence , he dropped his shoulders and almost collapsed behind the table , his fingers were rapidly drumming the table , his mind over speed with the thoughts , what if she recognize me or she manage to have a hint about me and my actual identity , the most worrying fact for him was that she was with maider and that meant it is easy for her to trace him if she can suspect something , he restored his cool avoided to show the uneasiness he was having .
the last thing he hears will be me telling him he 's bleeding to death because his dad ran away and abandoned him . ''
` ` get down on the ground over there , '' billy told the other guy , saying it calmly , like a man who did this sort of thing often .
i ' m now thinking the light fantastic thing was a channel code as well , but i did n't get that one . ''
and in a sixty - forty split , no way the mastermind of the whole thing takes the baby 's share . ''
` ` i think , i think , '' he started to say , ` ` it 's so that we can learn from our mistakes and prevent the same thing from recurring ? ''
the very thing the people of the new world feared most was happening several centuries later ; the rule by despotic few was coming of age .
desmond was more curious now about who this guy was than what bad thing that may come to him should he choose to not cooperate and want out .
the first thing he noticed was the file had been accessedtoday .
everyone saw the same thing the canadian had a moment ago .
if scorpion had hoped to dull her wits or make her go squirrely from being boxed in by four walls ... they had another thing coming .
seeing someone run at you could have been a very paralyzing thing , but seth came prepared for anything .
baruch unscrewed the silencer on his pistol first thing , broke down the firearm , and tucked it away into a rucksack he had on his back .
besides , he added , i m insured against this type of thing .
she was sweating and sleepy , but a strange thing was happening to the indigestion .
the one thing she did seem to remember clearly was danny coming into her dormitory and whispering to her she should have died , and seemed angry she had not .
he stood in the doorway watching her , and it all seemed the most natural thing in the world , as if he had done exactly that dozens of times before .
one thing led to another and kate ended up washing the floor , surprised at the pattern of the lino .
none of the staff seemed to think anything of what was going on , so maybe this kind of thing happened all the time .
she was prepared to be disappointed , but a strange thing happened as she crossed the threshold .
her legs gave way and she slid down to the floor , pleased the last thing she would ever see was a thing of beauty .
the best possible thing was that is was a good spirit .
for devon , it was the most amazing thing ever , sitting in the right seat and watching the landscape drop away below them .
the bad thing he showed it to me then .
the bike ride and the bad thing the boy did with his little sister and the next thing with the blood ( murder by screwdriver ) and the rodents that chased him out of the garage .
the bike ride and the bad thing the boy did with his little sister and the next thing with the blood ( murder by screwdriver ) and the rodents that chased him out of the garage .
i saw it up close a split - second before the next thing happened .
it was the most disgusting thing to think about just horrific all around .
the only thing that could have been worse would have been an actual nuclear bomb .
and one more thing joe figured out that there was a side - effect of being stuck in his own head , and it was playing in his favor .
but first thing tomorrow , you re showing up with your bright morning face on , ready to get down to work .
the proprietor , a harassed - looking chap in a che guevara t - shirt , recognised chen and found his attempt at blending in with the locals possibly the most amusing thing he had ever seen .
normally , when this sort of thing happens in afghanistan , the procedure is to duck and resign yourself to an afternoon spent picking shrapnel out of your anatomy .
i m on guard duty right now , but well go out and have a drink tonight and you have to tell me every last little thing that s happened .
it seemed like the sort of thing they would enjoy .
chinese and arabs , that sort of thing .
the really terrible thing was some of those teachers probably were the closest thing he had had to a father - at least , he had seen them more .
i ca nt remember much of that night , but there was one thing that stood out .
the worst thing is , you know he s right , because he s always right .
and the worst thing is that you did nt even open the door for me !
i ran without looking back , chased by stephs shouts , you re the worst thing that ever happened to me !
the only unusual thing would be me getting grounded .
you ll see , the same thing will happen with you , she smiled and the dimples appeared again .
she feels for ella , but if she straightens her hair , she does nt know what bad thing could develop in her body .
she strips her clothes off and waits for the bad thing that could happen to her body .
and the crazy thing was that john manifested out of thin air and into our lives making every word in my novel seem like they were ripped from my reality .
well heres the thing , mr . brightman , sulley began , casually , focused .
is nt that the sweetest thing , evelyn said and then covered the receiver with her hand in order to whisper to me .
i came to know in the next few hours that life is not all that is and that losing it is not the worst thing that can happen .
i am only sorry you had to witness such a gruesome thing , especially when you were only twelve , and i fully understood your reluctance to go near misha afterward .
that s one thing i never forgot ... even alzheimers could nt take away that memory .
we ve been in this jungle for days and have nt seen a thing !
he had orchestrated the whole thing .
it was the kind of thing that happens all the time .
but as he walked , toby knew one more thing .
so much that has stuck that s the first amazing thing !
jakell have filmed the whole thing .
indeed , and once a thing has started we do nt get to choose our ending .
the only thing that brought me solace was when i was remodeling the home .
the strange direction was too incredible to be the right one , and yet it was the only thing that made sense .
deidre had died ; i had watched the whole thing .
troy discovered the most amazing thing today .
first thing monday morning , we will go to the court house and file for divorce .
in the corner , there had been a cna observing the whole thing ; he followed us out .
ask hailey , she saw the whole thing . ''
would the number twelve have been such a hard thing to find if he d known what he was looking for ?
it represented faith , sacrifice , that sort of thing .
he held brandy tightly in his arms and tried to force away the thing he saw , but he could nt .
they have some little thing they do that they do nt know about , or ca nt stop doing , and the other players watch for it .
one thing lead to another , he got too close to the target , and they had an affair , which is why she no longer dates fellow employees .
one thing led to another , i got tired of arguing , so i cuffed him .
then happened the most shocking thing of allcertainly the strangest .
the whole thing seemed surreal .
i had that thing tonight with cindy , but suddenly did nt especially want to go back to the art museum .
maggie saw the whole thing she called the police when she saw the gun to erics back .
she must have planned the whole thing .
one thing i was going to mention .
a peculiar thing happened the other day ...
a peculiar thing happened the other day .
the next thing i remembered was waking up in the usac hospital on s.5 .
` ` it 's always the same damn thing . ''
` ` the thing i was trying to stop came flooding in upon my absence . ''
it was a low - key thing that you were out in the world , but it almost got out because of what you did .
well i did get lots of practice in the sas at this sort of thing .
i thought that this morning first thing , i want to phone nigel from here , if they ll allow that .
we have just been witness to the most incredible thing and i have a great feeling .
first thing next morning judas contacted the media and offered his film for sale to the highest bidder .
even in our own modern times such a thing is still possible .
the only thing they could think of was that there was a serious problem with the new museum .
this is a terrible thing that has happened and all our hearts and prayers are with the victims and their families .
a most terrible thing has befallen us .
` ` sure thing , louie , '' i could sense in her tone the unspoken ` ` dream -on buster '' .
it was then that i let him go , '' he finished , tired as if he had just relived through the whole thing .
` ` well funny thing , he calmed down almost right away .
i knew that the worst thing in my life had happened .
sin 's syndicate were never identified and the whole thing was put down to example gang warfare .
we had a couple of beers and then he was due to go to work , but before he left he said , ` ` iceberg pollard wants to see you first thing tomorrow , '' he then smiled and added , ` ` will i tell him to get stuffed ? ''
and third , maria is a lot smarter than you guys , she figured that you had arranged the whole thing to exert pressure on her , just in case she knew something .
` ` sure thing louie and i ' m real sorry about your loss , mate , '' he said , in a sincere mournful tone .
` ` the second very bad thing that happens is that his young wife has a fatal accident in her nice , new sports car .
just in that instant , a funny thing happened : he studied me a little longer and nods .
the whole thing was amazing , those mac pro 's are lightening fast .
` ` that 's the other thing i was about to mention , '' she said .
` ` funny thing , '' she continued .
hoover is wearing stewarts clothes.that was the last thing harris heard before he pulled the emergency alarm instantaneously sending the dark prison to life as if it were a giant beast suddenly waking up.the huge overhead lights roared above waking groggy prisoners and nearby neighbors outside with the deafening sirens .
it was obviously taken at school , some kind of singing thing that he had missed .
he could nt believe it they had pulled it off , and he had watched the whole thing .
i think that whole thing last night was a setup to make us look stupid .
i think he s part of the plan too , probably in on the whole thing .
his ankle was still in excruciating pain and he could nt imagine having the same thing happen to the other one .
he made it to the bed and threw both legs under the covers and the next thing he knew he was out like he had never slept before .
it was the same thing every day , so they were used to it and just went through the motions of moving their arms and their hands together like a well - trained orchestra .
its just a hunch timmons , especially with that whole thing at the candleight and the other guy rushing us and the trick stewart and his wife played on us eating dinner like that .
you were the story until the next big thing came along .
a second later , he felt the energy surge into the man below him and the next thing he felt was hard steel strike the side of his head , and then everything went blurry .
this whole thing was a set up .
the last thing he remembered was seeing the warden seated next to him and telling him stephanie would be in good hands and then everything went black .
joan said you cancelled all your visits first thing today .
her family need to know , but the thing that makes it urgent is that there s another girl missing of about the same age .
i had come up here to interview him first thing today .
she could nt help noticing that the cabin , as well as being the office and staff rest room , had a motorbike thing going on .
that was scheduled as the first thing in the morning .
who would have thought that such a thing could happen here ?
the thing is , i thought that as a lifer , we d be keeping some sort of check on him here , but there s nothing .
ill take you through the whole thing if you like , but it will take a bit of time .
they even denied that such a thing existed .
a legacy goes on kind of thing .
the whole thing had cost good cardinal mahoney a bundle of dough and an avalanche of bad press .
if josie could make out the tracks of scars and scabs on her arms the jury could too , and that was the last thing josie wanted the jury to see .
the only thing linda rayburn did n't do was look at josie pacing in the back of the courtroom .
maybe that 's the saddest thing of all . ''
hannah thought every bad thing ever happen was her fault . ''
linda was confessing to the last thing josie wanted to hear .
` ` the funny thing is , if i had known about it fritz would still be alive .
the last thing josie saw was a gun , a man in blue and linda rayburn 's bloody neck as she was lifted off her .
the only thing that was different was hannah sheraton walked toward josie baylor - bates and stopped only twice to step back and begin again .
you know that snowball thing ?
she had nt spoken since she fell to the bathroom floor , yet birds were chirping and singing , oblivious of the horrible thing that had happened .
the only thing missing was me sticking my head and body out the sunroof and screaming .
the next thing i knew , jeremys gentle touch woke me .
next thing i knew , rick sat next to me .
it would nt have been an everyday thing for me .
i ca nt imagine what it must be like for you , to have seen the whole thing happen .
my heart skipped a beat as i wondered what crazy thing was about to happen .
heres the thing : i d promised myself that i would never drink .
would alex even want to hold my hand in public or was it only a one - time thing ?
it was an interesting thing to look at him .
it had been a strange thing to see the senator again .
an amazing thing happened when i stood at the podium .
we did nt know if they knew only christy and marybeth had seen the whole thing and that you had seen nothing .
the only thing that would make it better is if you were there with me .
one thing led to another , and they ended up getting married before his year at cambridge was through .
lyons laughed , funny thing is i m the second son of a duke while prentice here comes from the merchant class .
i thought the whole thing was the most disturbing sight i had ever seen , and it was n't at all what i expected from the newspaper accounts .
the only thing i could hear was the distant rumble of the artillery .
i did n't really know why that would be , but i could only think of one thing - wodenhill had been in the plot to kill meadowes .
you see , grant , there is one thing you did n't know about me - i ' m actually related to smythe .
she smiles at me again , as though this were the most natural thing in the world , and continues again .
if there is one thing i ca n't stand , it 's pity : i pull away quickly and determinedly , blinking rapidly .
d-501 was an influenza virus that swept the jewish camp of dachau , however the really interesting thing was that not one of the prison guards was affected at all .
` ` we still have n't seen a thing .
helen was there for the whole thing , standing in the back of the room , almost bursting with pride .
he walked right by her , never saw a thing .
the dumbest thing was that guy had a gun .
the only thing better .
the last thing he saw was soon - o sliding another rope down around freemans head .
so far , you have nt done a thing wrong as far as anyone knows , am i right ?
the only thing that happened to him was the scar left on his face , a scar to remind him of his place .
he made alex laugh and made any darkness seem like a fleeting thing .
the whole thing was surreal and the drowsiness was beginning to get the better of him .
all i had to do was that thing with super nova pizza and sonne .
he was still in a bit of disbelief over the whole thing .
the last thing he wanted to have happen was some punk , for no rhyme or reason , lodging lead in his spine because he felt the trophy kill would be too much to pass up .
it was a thing of beauty that vaughn knew could never last .
elliot did that thing where he pressed his lips together again .
face facts man , that explosion was the best thing that ever happened to you .
best thing that ever happened to him .
most days they are real special ( not just the sandwich thing like on dirty carpet days ) , things like stew or cheeseburgers or chicken pot pies or mexican and sometimes she even makes stir - fry , and lots of other stuff ; your daddy sure does like those lunches .
i guess the tv news keeps people all worried about every little thing that happens in america .
it was an odd thing to watch after the events that had just taken place .
sounded like she must ' ve parked herself right outside the police station and was listening , eavesdropping really , to the whole thing .
now i ' m not sayin ' joanne did n't deserve a ticket , but i do think it was a pretty little thing to be ` ` driven up a wall '' over .
i 'd seen the whole thing .
joe tried to move off the subject , but betsy was too involved herself in the whole main street oil well crucifixion thing to stop talking now .
` ` you mean a lot of people did n't see that terrible thing ? ''
you 're wondering why people would be saying they saw such a terrible thing if they really did n't . ''
awful thing indeed . ''
daddy paused for a long moment ; ` ` an awful thing to happen to the best person possible . ''
if i 'd not been in such shock over the whole thing i might a been worried that the killers were still around , but i was n't .
sorry for the joke but have to find some way to keep it together after seein ' such a thing .
even with fifteen years of experience the ambulance worker had never seen this type of thing ; never been called on an ambulance run to somethin ' like this .
* * * this hit and run thing seemed to really put a big concern into daddy ; maybe even more than the folks in town .
johnny was n't bothered ; he just smiled through the whole thing .
` ` strange thing was that no one could seem to recall seein ' anything that would be of help to the police .
you know that place where when you think of something that happened , it 's like you 're remembering things happening on a real foggy morning rather than a clear sunny day .
hell would freeze over before president davis allowed such a thing to happen .
there are signs of a hasty departure everywhere and one other strange thing . ''
ascension was the most massive thing that i had ever seen .
the next day we sent out another recon team , the same thing happened .
the last thing she thinks is that it 's snowing blue - black raven feathers .
shop doorways , that sort of thing , made sure they were all junkies or winos .
davie , i want you out at the farm first thing monday morning .
the first thing bex sees in lobster jack 's is a girl wearing moon boots and a short , faux fur jacket .
she flits from one facet of the story to another , running the thing back and forth through her mind 's eye , editing the videotape , muttering to herself as she tries to piece the story back together ; corpses , the girls , drugs , and worst of all , the link , there is one certain common factor in the story that stares right back at her .
i 'll need to make some calls and speak with the boys , but we can get it sorted first thing tomorrow .
it 's a close run thing .
this is definitely the best thing for the remaindered comic , and it stops his drink fuelled tongue from wagging .
there 's no such thing as a perfect crime , davie , no way .
is the last thing billy hears as alex sprints up the lane and disappears from view , heading back towards the mondeo that they parked a little way up the main road .
what s this thing here about crocodiles ?
but that kind of thing was more likely to happen in the provinces , not with a prominent government official .
it was the most wretched thing kaylee could ever conceive of , and she started gagging .
all of this meant one terrible thing : the people of old haven were not some passing nuisance or mild annoyance .
he was trying to get angry about it , but the entire thing left him more confused than anything else .
he was looking for men clad in black sprinting in his direction to put an end to the entire thing .
` ` well ... there was one thing , '' audrey said .
` ` anyway , the only thing that i uncovered was that ' just in time supplies ' was contracted to provide us with inventory supplies that were under ordered by the park . ''
` ` a funny thing happened before i left the office though .
we watch movies together , that sort of thing . ''
i have watched many basketball games and if there 's one thing i ' ve noticed , it is that slam dunks are n't always a sure thing , '' he remarked .
` ` the only thing was that the president 's name was listed as eric turnbow .
during the next five hours , the four of them poured over hours of video recordings , each showing almost the same thing .
` ` about that business mrs . taylor , the thing is , mr . granger had never personally met mr . ravenwood before this account was set up so it would be easy for you and mr . morris to deceive him .
quite a few cases of murder , resisting arrest , that sort of thing . ''
afraid of cia surveillance through the screen , death rays , radioactivity , little green men , that sort of thing ? ''
` ` that sort of thing . ''
you know , to fend off unwanted intrusions , hackers , crackers , criminals , that sort of thing .
indeed , as i kept telling my incompetent lawyer , one thing led to another .
the first thing i saw was eddy , all bruised and livid .
dan shrugged : ` ` this all thing is about hitler 's third reich , is n't it ?
some of them are pretty high up , wear uniforms , are driven around , saluted , that sort of thing . ''
this kind of thing happened a lot . ''
instead , he will be taking the train first thing tomorrow morning .
frank shrugged : ` ` too many nazi symbols still extant , i am told : wrought iron gates with ss insignia , stables , a statue of an aryan mother breastfeeding her baby , that sort of thing .
in fact , it was the best damned thing that had happened in his 17 years on the planet .
whether this was a localized thing or if maybe people were missing in india , too .
the last thing he remembered was his escort , agent grant , telling him to shut the fuck up .
next thing he knew , he was on the ground .
maybe the plane crash was the best thing that could have happened .
next thing i know , i woke up and everyone is gone .
we found one another five years ago on some message boards , and started researching this thing , trying to prepare .
the two went on sharing stories and comparing notes of places to go and things to do in the city .
that was the only thing she saw before the front of the g - wagon plunged into the river .
that would make it vulnerable , utterly defenseless , the first thing that would happen is someone would accost me , rob me , leave me dizzy , wondering what had happened .
i never did this , so started chiding myself for treating it like it was some exotic thing , something i needed an invitation to .
i opened it , tapping to see any recent text message activity , braced for something , but the latest thing was incoming was from bertram , two days ago , the latest thing outgoing was to bertram , earlier that day , the words maybe .
he was sitting passed out , drunk , probably getting himself off in moaning tugs about the whole thing .
if he picked up his phone , it d be the first thing he saw , added to which , there would be an indication that he d missed calls from me .
if i d answered his knocks , he would ve forced his way in , there was no other thing to imagine .
obviously , what d just happened had just happened , as had each thing prior to it , which had origin in which , which touched on which , which meant which , there was no room anymore for that .
the thing was , they were nt saying all that much to me , sort of half remarks , little gestures of one moment , talking to each other , seeming caught up in looking at something they d written on some papers attached to a medium size clipboard .
i could make out the burble of movement even through the yawn of the coolant , the cold even amplified it as i made the whole thing fiction , elongated it , sharpened it in my thoughts .
it was impossible to reenter the apartment without accepting it , accepting that such a thing was happening and it was the more impossible to confess , coward away behind what i d done , make it simple , finite .
anyway , they d probably point out that the door had been found unlocked , that their initial investigation had led one thing to the next to the next to the next , that they would nt just have gone into the apartment on someones say so .
i watched him , wondering what the thing was , watched him cross the establishment , get to the toilet , go right through the door without even looking to see was i still there .
even if such a thing could be guaranteed , there was no balance to thatit made just as much sense that gwen should have willingly died to keep me from having to die for trying to save her .
ridiculous to think about it , like such a thing would be possible .
the funny thing about it , president , the mayor began again , is the agent told me that they did not look or act anything like zarahemlas men .
she wanted desperately to learn the fate of the accident victim the night before , or to learn that the whole thing had been a hallucination , but she did not know how to ask about it without seeming mad ( if there had been no accident ) or callous ( if it turned out that she had abandoned a dying man in the middle of the road ) .
what kind of thing do you think might have happened ?
one indication of dissent , and the next thing he feels may be the burly arms of two security men dragging him down the stairs .
i could bring up cctv footage from three weeks ago , from oxford street , which would show exactly the same thing .
her life and world and sense of reality may be fast unravelling , but if she could find thomas , then that would be at least one good thing to come of today .
he only picked out a few that outlined any new finds and a couple that wrote about the whole thing as a hoax .
the last thing he remembered was jamming his shirt around the wound .
its quite an important glyph to start this thing out , rock said .
unlike michael , he enjoyed that kind of thing .
it was the first words he muttered since the whole thing started .
even though the government considered the whole thing highly unlikely , they still threw millions of dollars just to be sure .
dreslins response to the ensuing explosion was her typical one of disdainful unconcern : she did not argue with garnets resentful accusations , neither did she attempt to defend herself against his torrent of abusive descriptions , instead she matter - of - factly informed him that it was quite the usual thing in her home country and that she could not see what he was getting so upset about .
the counter staff were apologetic , but ultimately powerless : this sort of thing happens all the time , there are more and more thefts , you should see airport security , it is their department .
guests to greet , that sort of thing , am i right ?
in commemoration of the opening of the wendelson building by garnet g. wendelson on 1st may 2009 , something like that , you know the kind of thing .
and that , as i have told you before , is the last thing that i remember before waking up in the back of the ambulance .
the second thing that martin saw - could not fail to see - was the enormous , thronging mass of humanity that had taken up temporary residence on every stretch of open ground along the edge of the lakes calm waters : the mancala call to arms appeared to have met with a huge positive response .
god broke the mold when he created him , which according to most who knew danny was an excellent thing to have happened .
the first thing billy noticed was her eyestwo big saucers of hazel .
cmon beth , the only thing you should be blaming yourself for is what a great kid she is .
billy noddedthe only sure thing was that they had no good answers .
but strangely , if she were dead , it would be the most normal thing to happen to her in a while .
he brought them back toward the airportbeing sure to state loudly that they planned to fly back to connecticut first thing in the morningand they found a fleabag motel within walking distance .
beth tried to bite her tongue , but unlike her daughter , she was nt immune from pain , and could only hold it for so long , there is no such thing !
beth would nt hear of such a thing .
having them taken away was the thing that ripped out his soul .
it was as if the whole thing never happened , a misunderstanding .
tell me this thing is nt connected to the cia or any u.s . intelligence agency , laroche snipped .
billy wondered if shed seen the same thing in his eyes that he had .
sasha entered the living room and was rendered speechless when the first thing she saw was luca and melanie sitting together on the sofa opposite the door .
jezebel dreaded the day her body went the same way , but she was determined to avoid the one thing that was guaranteed to ruin a womans figure childbirth .
she led them into the hall , and sashas ears were blasted with the sound of formula 1 coming from the tv - not the sort of thing one imagined a little old lady to be watching !
chance would have been a fine thing , susan laughed .
only the odd promotional thing .
the last thing she wanted was the world to find out her mother was a drunken whore who d forced her into being a prostitute herself .
the only thing that cheered her up was shopping , so she decided to abandon her writing and went out instead .
sasha felt strangely nervous about the whole thing , not knowing what to expect .
its another thing to remember how short this time is , even though when you re living it , like margie , each day can seem eternal .
steve liked coming home to his wife -- she was probably the best thing that d ever happened to him in the thirty years of his adult life .
i m sure you d want to ride along and chaperone the whole thing too .
mikes parents had to run to rochester for the weekend for some family thing , and mike had nt found out until that morning .
and the strangest thing was that saturday night i had the nightmare of the wreck and lost about half the nights sleep .
that s a hell of a thing to call them , you feeling ok today ?
it was front page news all over the country and bill heard about it first thing in the morning , before he had a chance to log on to his computer .
there s some sort of boxing thing afterwards for the boys .
in an unnecessarily patient voice , he said : there s such a thing as high frequency trading .
it was in direct response to this kind of thing that we decided to create dark pools .
are you going to the boxing thing next door ?
bit of a laugh , is nt it , a few lawyers take on a few bankers , that sort of thing .
he just runs the old mans club for him , was in the wrong place wrong time , that kind of thing .
and nice as it is , you could be out of this apartment before first thing tomorrow morning , for all i know .
the last thing to interest this shabby triumvirate was chloe brightland getting raped , and thus the questions that he had asked were those least likely to attract a lot of lies .
i ve got hold of something , a really bad thing .
sort of thing scott would nt know , of course .
first thing i notice , no brown paper bag .
the worst thing that could ve happened is if the deal at the motel had been a success .
the thing is , looking back on it , when i was dumping powder in my shoe , which started this ball rolling , i was taking the first step on the path to god .
somehow , i tricked adam into seeing me again and it became a steady thing .
and then the worst thing that ever happened in my entire life came two days later .
i did nt see that face at the motel but i had bet he had watched the whole thing happen and laughed about it .
the first thing my investigative eye set upon was ravellas body lying on the garage floor .
the only thing i can think of is one night darryl came home late and i asked where he had been and he said he was with sampson who sold something to this guy who sampson said was a cop .
it 's an ongoing thing here .
` ` getting fired was the best thing that ever happened .
if the only thing on the news is a beating , then the gang could keep intimidating people for years .
let me tell you about the good things to come for this company and this country .
they ve had odd things happen while logging out an area .
yea , old pary was pretty ticked off about the whole thing .
next thing i know he helped me set up financing for my own operation and a mill .
first thing in the morning , i want to go see this guy thompson at the mill and i 'll get the papers out of the safe too .
blake and i are going to matts office first thing today , why do nt you wait here ?
i think both of the pary women know something about the attack on chuck last night and he will testify that edie was there and saw the whole thing .
worse thing that ever happens around here is when the beer truck turns over in town .
blake pointed and said , there is only one thing he likes as much as watching a braves game .
first thing in the morning he d call his buddies at the bureau and find out if they were working cases with any possible connection to gramms accident .
funny thing is oleander only appears on this tax return .
quick as a cat , billy sisco threw a left jab that popped hank in the jaw , but a curious thing happened .
` ` nope , not a thing .
once over the bridge , though , a curious thing happened .
the room stayed full o'f friends and strangers , all patting her gently and saying how sweet she was , all treating her as someone special , someone who had been through this horrible thing .
` ` he saw the whole thing .
biggest thing that ever happened in clanton , mississippi . ''
` ` it 's a horrible thing to watch . ''
the targets were in isolated areas , away from traffic and neighbors , out in the country where things go unnoticed and people go to bed early and sleep soundly .
for honor knowles , her whirlwind romance with the most eligible , dashing congressman in the country was easily the most exciting thing that had ever happened to her .
turning to ilse , he said , ` ` we 'll leave for nantucket first thing monday morning .
` ` it 's always bumpy first thing in the morning , before the sun burns through the clouds . ''
` ` your sister going to jail could be the best thing to happen to us .
the next thing grace knew , her own box was moving .
next thing she knew , she was flying through the air like a rag doll , hurtling toward the trees .
the inquest , the trial , the whole thing .
i 'd have thought , in your profession , you 'd be used to that sort of thing .
he 'd come to toliara in search of the lesser - spotted merrivale , but the whole thing had been another wild - goose chase .
it was the most beautiful thing langdon had ever seen ... the way the sun caught it , throwing a rainbow of colors on the wall .
` ` but one thing still does n't make sense .
from the look of terror on her face , langdon could only imagine one thing .
` ` no such thing as bad press , '' kohler would always say .
mortati knew this unsealing could mean only one thing .
media inquiries were never routed to kohler 's office , so the incoming calls could only be one thing .
that kind of thing has happened to them before . ''
` ` this thing is not about us as a group , '' neagley said .
so this would n't be a one - time thing .
a one - time thing , you might go to extraordinary lengths .
` ` first thing i checked .
jammed the stack under his arm and relocked the box and pocketed the key and walked away like the most natural thing in the world .
the third spreadsheet showed more or less exactly the same thing .
what kind of a thing happens ten or twelve times a day ? ''
reacher guessed she had invited the others to brainstorm about what kind of a thing happens 3,766 times over three hundred and fourteen days in a year .
` ` this thing starts with his client .
but a leg wound from a high - velocity jacketed.45 was not a pretty thing .
easiest thing in the world for an assailant in the corridor to wait for the lens to darken and then fire a large - caliber handgun straight through it .
first thing he saw there was curtis mauney 's unmarked car in the parking lot .
second thing he saw was mauney himself , through the window , inside the restaurant , sitting at a round table with neagley and o'donnell and dixon .
he clicked off and redialed and the same thing happened .
then lamaison said the exact same thing could happen to berenson 's son .
reacher had no doubt at all the same thing was happening fifty yards away .
the telephone company has a problem with unauthorized calls - calls verbally charged to a phone number , calls charged to a wrong credit card number , that kind of thing .
damnedest thing you ever saw .
the sad thing is , he thinks he 's a statesman . '
the drudge was the best thing that ever happened to my campaign . ''
` ` granted the species i featured on the show was not the bioluminescent species we saw here , but maybe the same thing happened . ''
i hate to be the one to tell you this , but ms . sexton contacted me two minutes before the press conference and warned me to cancel the whole thing . ''
` ` essentially , '' harper said , ` ` it 's a series of very low frequency radio receivers near the north pole that listen to the sounds of the earth - plasma wave emissions from the northern lights , broadband pulses from lightning storms , that sort of thing . ''
` ` we wo n't see a thing on thermal from this high up unless there 's a burning oil slick . ''
the last thing delta - three remembered was vomiting in agony as his whole world drifted into a black delirium .
the last thing he saw was a crescent - shaped mouth , tilting sideways , a gorge of teeth clamping down across his face .
` ` any appointments before this five o'clock thing ? ''
first thing he saw was a finger .
but i came up to chicago with a singer , one thing led to another , i got asked to work the door at the club the guy was headed for . ''
never saw such a thing before , not in wilmette . ''
after the beirut thing , i could n't have taken candy from a baby , best part of a year . ''
this sort of thing gets on tv , every nut in the country is going to be trying it .
` ` the dynamite thing . ''
` ` they 'll do it first thing in the morning . ''
the fbi know how to do this kind of a thing .
` ` first thing tomorrow morning , '' borken was saying .
he glanced around wildly and the first thing he saw was a dog coming at him from dead ahead .
reacher watched the whole thing happen .
general garber watched the whole thing happen , too .
` ` that was the last thing jackson called in .
kind of a hard thing to be confused about . ''
if they 'd go numb , that 'd be one thing .
the worst thing , though , is you know what 's gon na happen when you finally get back inside with that empty laundry basket and the heat hits your hands .
but it was a sad , sad thing , all the same .
out here in the boondocks about the most int'restin thing a person can do is die sudden , did you ever notice that ?
you know the only thing that come to me while i was out there on the steps today , freezin my tookus off and tryin to remember about the love part ?
you might n't think a hard - talking old bitch like me believes in love , but the truth is it 's just about the only thing i do believe in .
i never saw a thing until it was almost too late .
the first thing i noticed was that she was n't comin home on the early ferry like she had at the end of most school - days the year before , although that had worked out real well for her - she was able to get her homework finished in her room before the boys showed up , then do a little cleanin or start supper .
well , they have a thing called parents night not long after school lets in , and i took special pains to get to it .
the first thing i saw was that it was n't just me anymore - she 'd drawn away from joe , too .
it was a thing i just knew , and i did n't hesitate a beat .
but runnin wo n't solve your problems if you ' ve been hurt bad enough - wherever you run , you take your head n your heart with you , after all - and the thing i saw in her eyes was that the thought of suicide had done more'n just cross her mind .
it was like havin the housekeeper sittin on her unmade bed , bellerin like a calf in the moonlight , was the most natural thing in the world to her .
a bun in the oven was the only cause of such an unexpected outburst i could think of , and i must confess it 's still the only thing i can think of .
my mind was in a whirl , and the only thing i was completely sure of was that a piece of pie from the jonesport bakery sounded like just the thing .
so i let time go by , although that 's always been the hardest thing for me to do once i ' ve made up my mind about a thing .
i got all ready to hold selena off if she came pesterin about workin at the harborside , but before we even had our first argument about it , the most wonderful thing happened .
that convinced him where nothin else would , and that 's a pretty sad thing when you think about it , would n't you say ?
' i 'll tell you one thing dolores claiborne do n't do , ' i says , ' and that 's take it out on someone else when she 's pissed off and disappointed about somethin .
and that was all ... unless you knew her , and knew how rare a thing it was for vera donovan to be happy .
he reminded me of a thing i saw on tv once - a chimpanzee tryin to tune a radio .
my guts felt like they were all wound into one big spring and i could n't quite get that thing i 'd seen - the little girl sittin on her daddy 's lap -out of my mind , but i could n't let either of those things stop me or even distract me , not for a single minute .
the only thing i did know scared the hell outta me : i was n't gon na turn back .
it woulda been bad for me if i had , i do n't doubt it , but it was a near thing , all the same .
maybe the biggest thing - and i never realized this until later - was they could n't find no motive to hang on me .
that last thing in god 's round world i needed was some smart insurance investigator hookin up with that smart little scots doctor who was already mad as hell at the idear of bein beaten by an ignorant island woman .
the only thing that really changed durin the rest of 1963 was that i had seth reed come over n put a cement cap on the old well .
she 'd been fascinated by the eclipse , but not just because it was a once - in - a - lifetime thing .
a first - time thing like that , they were willing to let him pay , you know , make proposals and so forth .
a white - collar thing like that , after the verdict came in they just told him to present himself at the federal prison the next morning .
most exciting thing that ever happened to them . ''
what 's the worst thing can happen ?
first thing they saw was the sheriff 's secondhand cruiser , dumped at an angle in the yard , door open , light bar flashing .
reacher turned his head the other way and the last thing he saw was ellie stumbling out onto the porch .
maybe the whole thing was an accident . ''
` ` has this kind of a thing ever happened before ? ''
` ` i never heard of such a thing before . ''
the whole thing was timed in hours and minutes .
` ` the reports came in first thing this morning , '' walker said .
we brought her up here and videotaped the whole thing over again .
only thing that happened in between was a bunch of calls from this guy . ''
` ` biggest thing you ever saw .
exact same thing happened to some of these immigrants in the file .
` ` thing is , i saw al 's office .
` ` so i started to wonder if the collarbone thing could have been from sloop hitting her .
she turned onto hemlock and of course the first thing she noticed was the fact that only one house had no snow - man on the roof .
for an accounting firm that had been around for half a century , the amazing thing was how little it had grown .
` ` this kind of a thing , they usually do a good job . ''
i fire up the ovens first thing , and i turn them off at ten in the evening .
` ` usually this kind of a thing does n't end happily .
next thing anyone knew was a phone call four hours later .
the only thing anyone knows for sure is that anne lane died five years ago in new jersey .
what was that ten - sixty - two thing ? ''
name one thing that surprised you . ''
first thing i noticed was a big bucket of tar on a propane burner .
` ` what was the next thing ? ''
` ` this whole thing with the mail slot was a pure decoy , '' he said .
this view was maybe the last thing they ever saw . ''
just the last normal thing from their old lives . ''
he had to , because of the accent thing again .
farming country , very flat , windy , the fens , that kind of thing , north and east of here , about a hundred and twenty miles away . ''
pauling said , ` ` they already had a thing going . ''
` ` for this thing with lane ? ''
` ` it was probably some local hillbilly thing . ''
` ` the serbo - croat thing was a disaster .
i finished saying my piece and he started talking , and the first thing i found out was that he was n't a small - town cop .
she was still beating herself up for missing the thing with the blood .
* * * deveraux had seen the whole thing from the window in the dim corner room .
the kid asked back , as if that was an extraordinary thing .
that kind of a thing . ''
if all the murdered women of mississippi rose up tonight and marched through town , you 'd notice two things .
easiest thing in the world to put a particular establishment on a local no - go list , for a week , or a month .
` ` this whole thing is illegal on so many different levels . ''
the record gets a little hazy from that point onward , because obviously the whole thing was covered up like crazy .
it 's a mississippi thing , apparently .
then the third thing happened .
the first thing they found was a scuff of blue cotton material on the rough concrete directly underneath it .
or some kind of delayed post - traumatic thing .
rosemary barr did n't have to tell helen rodin about the case because the whole thing had happened right outside helen rodin 's new office window .
` ` you seen this kind of thing before ? ''
that 's the next thing you 're going to see , gary , unless you give me jeb oliver 's address . ''
he might be able to work backward from the last thing he remembers , through the preceding few days .
` ` seen this kind of thing before ? ''
` ` what 's the next to last thing you remember ? ''
` ` where did this thing happen ? ''
` ` how was the thing with rodin ? ''
first thing he saw on the fourth floor was a city cop standing outside the lawyer 's door .
last thing he felt before he lost consciousness was a hand in his pocket , stealing his cell phone .
` ` what did he drive before that big red thing ? ''
` ` thing is , james barr did n't shoot them at all . ''
the thing with sandy being killed , and the thing in the sports bar monday night , why did those two things happen ? ''
the thing with sandy being killed , and the thing in the sports bar monday night , why did those two things happen ? ''
` ` and the thing monday night started with me being followed from my hotel .
a horrible big thing . ''
` ` a thing like that , you do n't do it with your first or your last shot . ''
` ` a week before the thing in the plaza last friday . ''
yanni told tv stories , about people she had known , about things she had seen , about governors ' girlfriends , politicians ' wives ' lovers , rigged ballots , crooked unions , about acres of marijuana growing behind circular screens of tall corn on the edges of indiana fields .
i went there myself , first thing after i got to town .
' that envelope was the most wonderful thing that ever happened to me .
one could n't choose the perfect moment for that particular thing .
kurt must understand that such a thing only happened once in a girl 's lifetime .
first thing after a beat - up , everyone vomits .
this trouble of mine , this alopecia thing that kills the hair .
presumably moscow agreed , because the next thing that happened was that ottawa - the famous mounties - got on to us .
the next thing i knew i was wide awake .
at last i realized what this thing could be in one 's life .
this is a rare thing between generations- between grown - ups and children .
at eight o'clock he woke her and it was the same glorious thing again .
the next thing would be a man after him -probably a man with a gun !
the next thing bond knew was that the whole track had blown up in his face and that he and his skeleton bob were flying through the air .
is there such a thing as a lowly glass tumbler discarded in some corner behind the cabinets of ming ? '
' i can tell you , bondo - san , that it was a terrible and beautiful thing to see an attack wave going off .
a faint was probably the best thing that could have happened .
` ` oh that sort of thing !
and the quarter - hour one in reserve in case any- , thing goes wrong .
drax would have to resign from blades and the next thing there 'd be a libel action brought in his defence by one of his friends .
he made a mental note to find out if those seven men had seen or heard the thing that tallon had marked on the chart , then he drove quickly on through the guard posts .
the next thing bond knew was that he was lying on top of gala , his face pressed into her cheek , that the air was full of thunder , that his breath was stifled and that the sun had gone out .
then i set fire to the remains of the motor - cycle and i must have fainted again because the next thing i knew i had been picked up by a british vehicle and we were driving into that damned liaison headquarters ! '
get a single ticket first thing tomorrow morning .
as a matter of fact i ' m in charge of their race gang squad - doping , crooked running , night - guards at the stables , all that sort of thing .
a telephone breakdown in america is a rare thing , and this was the moment when a small danger signal might have shrilled in bond 's mind .
latest thing .
funny thing they lost $ 50,000 on their opening night .
` ` only thing , he had half a million when he started to play . ''
next thing that jag 'll be after us .
` ` it 's going to be a near thing .
24 death is so permanent the last thing bond remembered before the telephone rang was tiffany bending over him in bed and kissing him and saying , ` ` you should n't sleep on the heart - side , my treasure .
if there was one thing bond could n't stand it was the sound of his boots being licked .
once when i came to have a look , the first thing i saw was a big mousetrap with a piece of cheese on it .
the next thing bond knew was that it was three o'clock in the morning .
the most horrible thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
but then sugar collapsed and i suppose the place was badly run , and by the time my father inherited it there was nothing but debts -mortgages and things like that .
xii the thing the grip on bond 's shoulder was urgent .
` ` i ran along watching my step and the next thing i knew was your head hitting me in the stomach . ''
betty 's rather a hand at that sort of thing .
when goldfinger had stood up , the first thing that had struck bond was that everything was out of proportion .
it 's a regular thing .
' mister , what ... what about this thing they call - er -fall - out ? '
the thing 's farcical .
but if any little thing goes wrong with this caper , for my money it 'll be handsome who knows why .
bond had seen the same thing .
the body is emerald green , so dazzling that when the sun is on the breast you see the brightest green thing in nature .
if foreign gangsters find they can get away with this kind of thing they 'll decide the english are as soft as some other people seem to think we are .
i ' m used to this sort of thing .
if you insist on coming in on this thing we 'd better do it together .
not a rare thing even today among young people in england , but very common in those days , and the cause , as i expect you will agree , of many - very many - disastrous marriages and other tragedies . ''
well , that 's what i saw happening to philip masters , and it was a dreadful thing to watch .
the next thing that happened was a crash from the bathroom .
you know how these things can happen , even in an open - handed place like a country club in the tropics .
` ` polio is a terrible thing . ''
every thing was as before in the little community .
next thing , they see some guy eating buttered toast and sugar cakes at the next table and they ca n't stand it .
the whole thing , against the background of shrublands , was so unlikely and so utterly ridiculous .
trigger to the thing .
this sort of thing ca n't last .
and one other thing , if you look closely , the flags on the two ships are flying at half mast .
` ` death is usually an all - or - nothing thing ! ''
` ` my software , '' trish explained , ` ` was designed to help government agencies better evaluate and respond appropriately to wide - scale crises -- pandemic diseases , national tragedies , terrorism , that sort of thing . ''
` ` death , '' he whispered to her , ` ` should be a quiet thing . ''
two glistening teardrops welled suddenly in his father 's eyes , and mal'akh thought they were the most beautiful thing he had ever seen .
` ` funny thing is ...
what kind of bodyguards do n't notice a thing like that ?
it made me wonder whether something had been done to him , apart from the ear thing .
i told her what kind of a thing to look for .
and he ca n't hear this thing from four or five miles . ''
` ` by telling them an extra little thing they do n't know about yet , '' he said .
so the door thing had n't been a trick .
` ` he spoke with you last thing , '' beck said .
that kind of thing happens , in certain circumstances .
` ` maybe the whole thing was set up way in advance and then the guy got arrested for something else .
they change weapons all the time , always looking for the latest thing . ''
because i still ca n't understand why a thing like this happens .
i knew it , because the same thing that happened just before i gave mr . carlson the business was happening now .
i ' m the best thing that 's happened to you since 1959 . ''
the thing that seemed to have happened was this : jessie 's husband went out to a special town meeting , and jessie went into the bathroom to take a shower .
and i can remember the creaking thing .
it was a very nice thing to see .
oh , nothing really stunning until after the carlson thing .
the pain in my chest was a live thing , horrible .
` ` and a funny thing started to happen inside me , before he even got my pants down .
and the funny thing was , he did n't even get to do it .
the last thing i saw before i went to sleep was bars of sunlight falling through the venetian blinds and onto the small throw rug by the radiator .
and then a funny thing happened to me ... except , when i think about it , it was n't funny at all .
the last thing i remember seeing of them was that their hands were streaked with black ink .
` ` i ' ve been through this kind of thing before , with the japanese .
` ` the last time the shit hit the fan around here , it was because of that thing involving the japanese consulate .
first thing , i got the transmittal from metro .
the only thing i thought was funny was that he seemed to know a hell of a lot about you .
first thing he says to me , do i know your phone number or should he give it to me .
next thing i know , i ' m out in the living room and i say everything is fine with the kid , and now the woman starts to scream in her drunken way that i abused her child - now it 's me , not the husband - and that i am in a conspiracy with the husband , that we are both child abusers .
i remember earlier today walking across campus ... going to an afternoon lecture series , and then ... that 's pretty much the last thing i remember .
the same thing happens in dreams . ''
the drone 's deployment could mean only one thing .
` ` in fact , zobrist was once quoted as saying that ' the best thing that ever happened to europe was the black death . '
for bertrand zobrist to describe the black death as the best thing ever to happen to europe was certainly appalling , and yet langdon knew that many historians had chronicled the long - term socioeconomic benefits of the mass extinction that had occurred in europe in the 1300s .
the only thing that made any sense at all was that ignazio had said that the mask was safely hidden .
the entire thing had been staged .
but neither thing had happened yet and the place was still uncrowded , which made it the perfect choice for a lonely guy looking to eat dinner near his girlfriend 's apartment while she worked late at the office .
the same thing happened over again five minutes later .
they saw the whole thing . ''
the army thing is probably a coincidence .
` ` we have a thing at the firm , '' she said .
first thing we do , we say so what else ?
she does n't understand at first , because it 's a very odd thing to be asked .
` ` ok , talk to lamarr , first thing tomorrow . ''
that night , same thing again .
a thing like that , the courts will back him up all the way .
they stood there , bent forward from the waist like the whole thing was radioactive .
what 's that thing about barn doors and horses bolting ? ` `
` ` thing like this , you 'd remember , '' reacher said .
classic thing would be an old person , wasted and weak , gets a pillow held over the face .
you keep the field glasses tight to your eyes and watch the whole thing happen .
` ` we watched the whole thing on the video screen . ''
` ` that inventory thing about the jeep tires ? ''
but they identified the date from the baseball thing and ups is pulling the records . ''
` ` first thing , there was no list , '' he said .
but this guy worked ups four years , and six times out of ten people were home for him , and he never saw such a thing before . ''
some pollution thing . ''
it was ok . not as dramatic as the real thing , but it was dramatic enough to be using paint at all , in the circumstances .
this is going to be the quietest thing that ever happened . ` `
no matter what the rest of the world thought about it , to toby the korean war was the best thing that ever happened .
the one thing david kenyon had not anticipated was that josephine would hear about the forthcoming marriage before he could explain everything to her .
toby temple had been the most wonderful thing that had happened to him in years , for he felt as though toby were his son .
i 'll call him first thing tomorrow . ''
it was the most natural thing in the world .
jill castle temple was the most exciting thing to hit hollywood since cinemascope .
the eddies of the water turned the chair around , so that the last thing jill saw was toby 's eyes damning her to hell as the water closed over them .
` ` how - how did this terrible thing happen ? ''
she would resolve to pay more attention to walther , and less to the children , but the next day the same thing would happen .
as the jeep hurtled toward the edge , it went into a wild skid , and the last thing elizabeth remembered was a tree looming up in front of her and then an explosion that seemed to fill the universe .
this sort of thing happens all too often . ''
but the thing that was so stunning - that was so incredible - was that detective max hornung had not even appeared at the scene of the accident until fourteen hours after it was reported !
` ` does a thing like that happen often ? ''
` ` the accident was a terrible thing , terrible . ''
the only important thing was that she and rhys were together .
whatever the terrible thing was , it was a secret kate had taken with her to the grave .
the next thing he felt was maureen 's warm , wet tongue between his legs .
the second thing he thought was : i ' m still alive .
i will wire the rest of the money to your bahamanian account first thing monday morning .
whatever this thing is with lexi , i must n't let it threaten that .
the next thing tara knew , he was holding a screwdriver to her throat .
the last thing eve saw was kate blackwell walking toward her with the blanket of death in her hands .
when kendall got home and told marc about the terrible thing that had happened , he took her in his arms and said , ' oh , my god !
it 's the most terrible thing that ever happened to you .
the awful thing was that 1 -think she still loved harry stanford , in spite of everything . '
` ` -we may never know the reason for the defendant 's vicious attack , but one thing we do know , ladies and gentlemen -it was n't because the murdered man was a threat to abraham wilson .
almost the first thing jennifer had noticed about adam when they had had dinner was that he was not wearing a wedding ring .
the last thing she remembered was the huge white light in the ceiling whirling above her , spinning down and going deep inside her skull .
was she going to learn what terrible thing had happened in her past ?
` ` well , when you add everything up that those witnesses said , it comes down to just one thing : a pretty young girl is married to an old man who probably could n't satisfy her sexually . ''
but there 's one thing i do n't know .
the only thing i can think of is that prizzi cheated . ''
the son of a bitch had planned the whole thing from the beginning .
* * * the only thing that seemed odd to diane was the telephone calls richard received at peculiar hours .
the last thing lois reynolds remembered was the flames hungrily licking their way toward her .
because of the unspeakable thing that had happened to her when she was a child , kelly had not socialized with any men except for business reasons or obligatory charity events .
` ` what 's your favorite thing to do , kelly ? ''
what a terrible thing to happen .
we were all so shocked to hear about the dreadful thing that happened to him .
what was the dreadful thing that happened to your husband , mrs . harris ?
there was only one thing wrong with it : the little hand was going to become a big hand , and it was going to snowball .
this is a one - time thing .
` ` it 's the most exciting thing that 's happened to me in years , '' confessed a prim teacher at a girls ' school .
` ` the most extraordinary thing has happened to me .
and that was the most unspeakable thing of all .
` ` the government claims that you 're the head of the west coast mob , and that it was you who arranged for - ` ` ` ` the only thing i arrange for is where people sit at my restaurant .
paige never knew who made the first move , but somehow they were in each other 's arms and jason 's lips were on hers , and it seemed the most natural thing in the world .
she walked into the kitchen and began to fix breakfast , forcing her mind to forget about the frightening thing that was happening , and concentrating on preparing a fluffy omelette .
the next thing i remember , i was awakened by a woman 's screams coming from the alley . ''
the important thing to remember is that we 're not your enemies . ''
` ` what 's the next thing you remember ? ''
because she knew the terrible thing that was going to happen .
` ` i - the next thing i remember is being awakened by someone screaming in the alley .
the same thing that happened to us .
that 's one thing mike slade does well , mary thought .
watching the new building going up was the most exciting thing lara had ever experienced .
the worst thing that can happen is that the bank will break even .
now , a kid on dope might do a thing like that , but ... '' he shrugged .
margaret stood stock - still , unable to grasp the meaning of the awful thing that was happening .
the funny thing is the dog is deaf as a stone .
meeting eve was the luckiest thing that had ever happened to him .
that was the last thing he would allow .
` ` this may be the best thing that could have happened . ''
the most exciting thing for graciela was to watch the paseo each evening .
that was the last thing graciela remembered .
the terrible thing that had happened to her was the scandal of las navas del marques , but there was nothing anyone could do about it .
he saw the heel of a shoe swinging toward his head , and that was the last thing he remembered .
that was the last thing lucia had expected .
but the most astonishing thing was what she was saying .
` ` it 's an awful thing to see .
` ` there 's one thing i ' m sure of . ''
carol was sure of only one thing .
the last thing he remembered was something hard smashing against his chest , and a loud crash that sounded like thunder .
the same thing would happen if you turned on your ignition .
` ` what a horrible thing that was . ''
` ` there 's one thing that still does n't make sense .
` ` the damnedest thing happened , otto .
when the hotel manager arrived in the morning , i said , ` ` a funny thing happened last night .
the only thing that marred my trip home was that natalie and otto were still fighting .
what none of us knew at that moment was that that was going to be the best thing to happen that evening .
( the most memorable thing about that film was the protagonist 's final line to the cyborg : ` ` you go in pieces . '' )
and , as with a book , you will be able to leaf back to check on things you may have missed or to savor something you particularly enjoyed ; you will use the rewind button on your remote control instead of your finger , that 's all .
did you notice , through the whole thing , she never lost sight of her bread .
robbie no such thing , constable anderson .
she has totally ignored the whole thing , may not even know it 's happening .
the next thing i was sure of , i was stumbling around in the snow ... the whiteout ... and i could hear a horn ...
` ` okay , maybe a little wine might be the thing . ''
` ` i will dispatch someone from the local police to take a statement from everyone first thing in the morning . ''
like a prison , where bad things happened , the plant shut out the world and kept its secrets buried within .
i got the impression that she settled down after the coley thing and convinced herself he was simply a nut with no credibility .
in the secret world of beta there were rumors and denials and threats , but no one had even known for sure if the ` ` elaine thing '' had actually been recorded .
the message meant only one thing - the bar exam results were in .
she and baxter started making out on the sofa , and one thing led to another .
if you do n't we 'll move first thing in the morning ; we 'll start shouting les classiques 'll be the most popular store in saint - honore ' , but i do n't think it 'll be the right people . '
' the accent was always on this bergeron 's talent , but one thing leads to another .
first thing in the morning - four hours from now , if you like . '
it was a political thing , about five or six years ago . '
but then he saw the one thing he did not want to see .
the same thing happened just before the second trial .
` ` something happens to us , like , for instance , the same thing that happened to trevor , and a few days later a little delay bomb goes off .
one thing sort of led to another .
i really believe god will step into this matter and stop this thing .
i watched the whole thing . ''
at one time , he 'd fallen into the habit of standing at the fence and staring past the fields to the trees where he imagined all sorts of things .
and , when the thing down at parchman is over , i suggest you go back to chicago , and leave her alone . ''
` ` i 'd like something in writing first thing each morning with the updates . ''
i think the governor should step in and stop this thing .
the second thing he realized was that his shirt was soaked and the collar was sticking to his neck .
this thing would happen after all .
coal would suggest one thing .
then an odd thing happened .
` ` touch me and i 'll sue your ass first thing tomorrow morning .
an hour earlier , and we could ' ve run to court and stopped this damned thing . ''
i thought this kind of thing was over . ''
thorvaldsen 's voice stayed flat , as if this kind of thing happened every night .
damndest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the last thing he heard was cotton malone 's declaration that he intended to kill the son of a bitch .
had the entire thing been staged simply for malone 's benefit ?
` ` that explains things , '' green said .
` ` the funny thing about all this is that my two biggest pains in the ass may well bring this administration out of the toilet .
they 're looking for proof of a theory , and though i thought the whole thing bizarre , apparently there 's more to it . ''
he 's set the whole thing up to happen during a surprise visit daniels will make next week to afghanistan . ''
rabbit poked his head out of a door , and the last thing i heard was silo yelling at him , ' keep those sumbitches away from our sideline . ' ''
the first thing the black kids saw at messina high was the football team , black and white players together , everybody wearing green .
there appeared to be no one else at home , and one thing quickly led to another .
with serge and my mother , one thing led to another , and they married that year , and he adopted me .
` ` this sort of thing happens to you often ? ''
` ` the only good thing is they do n't seem to have connected it to us , and you wo n't be transferred tomorrow .
` ` the only thing they did n't walk away with , because i clamped a lid on it , was publicity that would ' ve scared the bejesus out of the public and made it easier to win approval immediately . ''
not to know was the one thing he could not survive .
and the strange thing was , they failed .
then a curious thing happened ; the man caught a glimpse of himself in the wall - mounted mirror and suddenly blanched , like he 'd seen a ghost .
in some ways , palmer reflected , his own exile had indeed been the best thing that ever happened to him .
that 's the first thing that was going to happen to me .
` ` and the thing is that sometimes these worlds intersect .
` ` there 's just one thing you missed - or maybe you were too polite to mention , '' she said quietly .
one thing you 'll learn about me , tarquin , is that i ' m a man of my word . ''
about the worst thing that can happen . ''
` ` the thing is , it 's messy , and i ' m not sure what to make of it yet .
the chinese man whirled around , toward tarquin , and squeezed off a shot - and for a moment tarquin wondered whether this was the last thing he would ever see ... except that the man was peering through the scope and a professional did not peer through a scope to fire at a target fifteen feet away .
that was the kind of thing that the gloom actually made more visible .
i gather he intimated things about how it would be a ' special favor ' to the dci and the secretary of state , that sort of thing .
the only good thing to come out of the night was the fact that he 'd be spending a week , or however long it took to restore his flat , at a very fine hotel , and washington would pick up the bill .
this sort of thing never happens except to people like me . ''
a rush of warmth spread over him , sweet memories of things past , hours of comfort and delight in a world that had gone mad .
i ' m only just putting it together .. .. back at the inn , when the firing stopped and the horrible thing was over , i found myself in a panic , rummaging through harry 's pockets , inches from what was left of his skull , his destroyed face , every second hating myself , as though i were committing some despicable act .
i suspect that before he came to us he was what you americans call ' the wheels ' in bank robberies - that sort of thing . ''
how could such a thing happen ? ''
` ` that is the last thing i wish for , nazi . ''
sirens , bells , that sort of thing . ''
one doctor will see one thing , another something else .
when this kind of thing happens , nobody 's above suspicion ; and when that happens , the clean sweepers come out of the government woodwork . ''
our fbi accepts that kind of thing all the time ! ''
` ` also , ethics notwithstandingbecause you have n't a damn thing to win thismorning , your timing smells .
` ` two separate entities , and you 're right , i don'thave a damn thing to win or lose .
` ` joel , i have to ask you.did this thing a few hours ago have anything to dowith the anstett business ? ''
` ` this is the last thing we cangive you .
i do n't want this thing to linger and dieaway .
thelast thing i saw he was blowing his whistle andrunning toward the alley . ''
naturally , the first thing nathanand i thought of was you , and whatever the hellyou 're involved with , but that was n't the case .
` ` the infommer reached the police first thing thismoming .
a college professor who hadfulfilled the fantasies of youth , a risk - taker , accordingto joel , who had won a battle against astronomicalodds , was a nice thing to think about ; the only sadnote was the haunted life of his wife , whom he loveddearly .
` ` so this thing converse and youare involved with is a real hush - hush operation ? ''
now , whatis this incredible thing you alluded to over thetelephone , mr .
it 's not tainted becausei did n't do whatever they said i did , and there 's nosuch thing as an accessory to innocence . ''
she would call joei first thing in themorning noon or thereabouts in osnabruck , westgermany .
` ` the secretary will be here first thing in themorning , '' explained converse .
they thoughtthe whole thing might be a hoax .
the stoner crashed out a single shot , but the only thing that lanced downrange was an invisible pulse of light .
but there is one thing we can say for certain .
this thing is over .
she 'd been a graduate student doing research on african wildlife , but what with one thing or another , such as marrying dad , she never went back to the states to finish her degree . ''
that was the last thing we had to fear . ''
randi could be sure of only one thing .
` ` of course , '' ` ` this is the strange thing .
` ` the whole thing began in south africa .
one thing she was right about : he had underestimated her right down the line .
the only thing that did was blur his vision even further .
and yet now you tell me that just such a thing has happened . ''
the first thing soraya saw were the two vehicles they had been following : the white chevy and the black ford .
i ' m not going to sit back and let the same thing happen there that 's happened in afghanistan and iraq . '
too much truth , people like amun believed , was a terrible thing , because it left you nothing to believe in , nothing to live for .
he was wondering why the possibility of arkadin surviving his trial at sea had n't occurred to him ; after all , the precise same thing had happened to him off marseilles , when he 'd been pulled half dead out of the water by the crew of a fishing boat .
' funny thing , holly looked so innocent , but she was damn good at what i 'd sent her to do .
it was a wartime thing , a consequence of the jungle ; odd and unsettling that it should happen on this teeming metropolitan campus .
one thing you could say about him - he was an excellent driver .
that could mean only one thing : a roadblock had been set up , a fortress of vehicles set across both lanes of k street .
perhaps - was such a thing possible ?
and the truly galling thing , she thought , was that she had n't suspected , not for a moment .
` ` it 's the same thing ; '' keegan shouted back .
then , recovering somewhat , she went on , ` ` you know , the funny thing is - well , it 's bloody tragic , when i think about it now - i sometimes envied her .
diego took two convulsive swallows of whiskey , then said in a voice bled dry , ` ` tracy and i had a thing , nothing serious , we saw other people - at least she did .
` ` but one thing we did find there was a photo of this bloke diego hererra .
` ` that sort of thing , '' barbara echoed .
but then the second strange thing happened .
` ` computers , peripherals , computer services , that sort of thing . ''
which meant , of course , that she herself was also the enemy , that the same thing , or worse , could happen to her .
of course it might be sheer coincidence that general kendall used the same health club as feir , but batt knew that in his trade there was no such thing as coincidence .
` ` the odd thing was , i think i heard him call semion ' father . '
nobody wants to have a goddamned thing to do with me .
' and if you made sheng 's conspiracy public the same thing would happen and he knows you know it , ' said staples , frowning .
it was based on an incident in webb 's past , a terrible thing that turned a civilized young scholar into - the phrase used to describe him was the ` ` supreme guerrilla '' .
she reasoned that names were unnecessary , each knew the other 's voice , and catherine had to understand that david webb 's wife was entitled to something ' first thing in the morning ' .
' first thing in the morning ' might be any time between 7:30 and 9:30 , most likely splitting the difference , but not 10 o'clock , not under the circumstances .
` ` that kind of thing creates whirlwinds -- '' ` ` forget it ! ''
a horrible thing had happened during the predawn storm , an act of terrible vengeance , as they understood it .
it 's somewhat murky how it came about , but a strange thing happened in montserrat .
one by one , jason between the two , men , they made their way to the rear of the cafand # 65533 ; , where there was just about the last thing bourne expected to see in this run - down section of the city .
it never even occurred to me to say anything about tannenbaum 's place , and sykes did n't press me because he obviously figured it had something to do with the horrible things that had happened .
... oh , this bad thing that happened yesterday , huh ?
you were the one who brought charges , a rare thing for any of your group to do then , in or out of the field .
then the usual garbage : harboring enemies of the state due to laxness , their exalted positions once again protected by the komitet -- that sort of thing .
... that sort of thing . ''
sometimes that kind of thing does n't . ''
you either accept that or i do n't want a goddamned thing to do with you anymore !
` ` except for one thing : beria murdered a man in cold blood on a washington street .
the last thing she heard before the static was carter 's ` ` rats ! ''
` ` i was really hoping to get into it first thing , '' megan replied .
to be heard by another human would be the sweetest thing .
the last thing landon heard was an explosion , which the computers later confirmed . ''
the last thing megan had heard over her headset was the exchange between reed and harry landon , seconds before the bolts on the air - lock doors had blown .
third , if you and ricky saw the same thing , why has he freaked out and you 're in pretty good shape , know what i mean ?
i figure you were under there having a little smoke and you saw the whole thing . ''
foltrigg asked the question with a great deal of suspicion , as if perhaps sharpinski and reggie had a little thing going on the side .
` ` i 'll meet with judge lamond first thing in the morning .
` ` plan a is to file a petition in juvenile court first thing tomorrow morning .
the u. s. attorney on one side , k. o. lewis on the other , and fink in the middle , first thing in the morning when the judge gets to the office .
it was a terrible thing to witness , and i think mark initially thought he might get in trouble .
the first thing they noticed was that the floor was gravel , not concrete .
the man 's first - name familiarity with old warfield was the last thing he expected .
i am jamaican , and the terrible thing took place on a kingston street .
' you say ` ` the terrible thing . ''
' i thought that sort of thing only happened in world war two movies .
the appalling thing ... the fear is them .
yet none but he had heard the terrible thing .
some damned bureaucratic problem with our interior permits ; we had to drive all the way back for some kind of goddamned ... inspection first thing in the morning ... inoculation records , medical stuff .
when they reached the lobby floor , holcroft stopped and did a strange thing .
some temporary thing . ''
` ` the whole thing was faked , '' i said .
he spoke to her after the carbone thing . ''
` ` and tell him you heard the other thing was n't a training accident after all .
it was an odd thing to see , on an armored post .
` ` same thing as happened with the navy in 1941 , '' simon said .
you could see a similar thing in any epicerie in france .
i told him first thing this morning . ''
he and the two were getting real close when that thing happened in the caymans .
` ` is this the first contact since that other thing ? ''
` ` you 'll love it down there , '' royce mcknight said , as if mitch hap never been and that thing on the beach did n't happen and no one knew anything about any photographs .
there 's no such thing as a small leak .
first thing tomorrow , please .
the director found evidence bill was secretly moonlighting for the tax - fraud guy and that some of what he was doing skated pretty close to the edge -- - intimidation , using his badge to lean on people , that sort of thing .
i suppose the only good thing about that is you ' ve got the cure .
they were told there was no such thing as death , no matter what their eyes might tell them .
i told your people that once they had him , to catch him on video tape with his guard down , sermonizing to his hick high - priests - one - way mirror stuff , that kind of thing .
' a terrible thing happened to you here in our part of the world , evan .
' it 's not the worst thing that could happen to your cover . '
we piled in and followed the subject and saw the whole thing happen .
however , on tuesday of the fourth week a most abnormal thing happened .
' men in your line of work do n't thank people for clobbering clean laundry - ' ' well , it was n't the biggest thing that ever went down ; truth be told , by itself it was minor , but something might have come out of it if we could have followed up ...
i tell you , it was a goddamned holy thing to see !
a terrible thing had happened in cambridge , massachusetts , and she was determined to devote her life - at least a part of her life - to lessening the fires of hatred and violence that were ripping her mediterranean world apart .
' let 's say i do n't know how far up , or down , or sideways , this kind of thing reaches , and i happen to like beef stew . '
the only thing he had not done was display a weapon , and that told weingrass something else .
the one thing we never thought could happen within the group has happened .
there 's a third party , or parties , involved in this terrible thing , and they 're here in southern california .
there was the usual statement about bringing the world closer to peace and that sort of thing - ' ' in the mediterranean , ' interrupted varak , controlling his voice .
a terrible thing is about to happen and i ' ve been in touch with your people in washington . '
there 's only one thing that 's certain .
one thing always led to another , always obliquely , but nevertheless inevitably .
it was a thing compounded of shared memories and mutual indebtedness .
a warning that he was reaching the vertical point of no return - the height below which the only sure thing was death on impact .
most amazing thing , ever .
danny callahan had been his driver for the past three years , and the only thing that would have surprised him was if he had been on time .
first thing you got ta know is , we 're all working as singletons - camouflage requirements ruled out partners , so we 're all doing our own range finding .
kuzmin actually got a promotion out of the whole thing .
` ` comes to the same thing , '' she said .
was it , like , a sudden thing ? ''
he could not know the kind of thing he was looking for , and to imagine that he did would only blind him to the thing he must see .
he could not know the kind of thing he was looking for , and to imagine that he did would only blind him to the thing he must see .
the immediate collapse could mean only one thing : the bullet had plowed through his upper abdomen and lodged in his spine .
that is not a reasonable thing to expect .
and one thing led to another , and i met the great man himself , count ferenczi - novak , and his beautiful blue - eyed wife , illana .
that could mean only one thing : an auxiliary rotex engine and propulsion fan had just now been activated .
some dotcom thing .
these people had somehow missed the whole thing .
he certainly would not be using the stairs , as the police would have those sealed first thing .
still no word on the president 's condition , but the whole thing had happened less than an hour ago .
` ` that whole thing was an act ? ''
malone caught the look in her eye - that something was troubling her - and one other thing .
the last thing he saw was shirley kaiser pointing the gun at his head and saying , ` ` killing you was easy , quentin . ''
the videos he had seen in new orleans did n't do justice to the real thing .
next thing i see is news of your ambush and your smiling face on the front page of the wall street journal .
like first thing tomorrow morning . ''
the only thing mass tort lawyers feared was one of their own .
there 's a good chance this thing wo n't get to a grand jury , '' clay said , more of a prayer than a fact .
during the trial in 1970 he had been able to walk , though it was not a pretty thing to behold .
teale 's partner , red , said over and over that the only thing he heard was a fierce grunt just a second or two before mo fell under the front axle .
not a pleasant thing to sit through .
the thing is , i ' ve never seen him actually do anything !
` ` curious thing , that , '' he said , rising to his feet .
` ` well , one thing we did n't hear , '' said yurievich , ` ` was a whistle .
an incredible thing is happening and it goes beyond you and me .
i shall be leaving first thing in the morning .
` ` that would depend on what you believe , wouldn ! t itt , ` ` we believe a terrible thing has happened , '' said bray .
but being here was one thing , finding it something else again .
that was n't a normal thing . ''
we saw the whole thing on public television . ''
i do remember one thing , thoughabout the voice .
the seven visitors were stunned , a number glancing at each other as if an unspeakable thing bonded them to one another .
irregularities began to appear , allocations to nonexistent entities , that sort of thing .. ..
it was the sort of thing that rivets a kid 's imagination - a famous person torn apart by a large animal .
` ` she knows about that sort of thing ? ''
it makes him feel wiser - and the rotten thing is that you come to realize he usually is . ''
i could have stopped the whole thing and i 'll never forgive myself . ''
` ` and the lousy thing is , it does n't have to be . ''
and then one thing led to another . ''
` ` we stayed here in london about a fortnight after the funeral meeting with solicitors and executors and too many relatives , that sort of thing .
olivia was on the switchboard ; she 's a scholarship student and we ' ve got kind of a thing going , if you know what i mean . ''
` ` it 's the only thing that does make sense , '' said the pilot , glancing at his watch .
` ` god knows i feel for you , but this terrible thing that 's happened has implications far beyond anything you can imagine .
` ` you 're like the secret service ; you catch spies and traitors , that sort of thing .
however , your sister , miss joan , teamed with my nephew , carlo , won the whole damned thing !
` ` there 'll be no such thing .
for the ` ` dreadful thing '' had to remain constant , neither premature action nor procrastination acceptable .
` ` there 's another thing , '' abu auda went on as if he had not heard .
since marty has no close family left , if you do n't count the dog we picked up on the hades thing , i got the wind up and flew up there didi mau with my little sterling .
that 's the one thing russell was sure of .
the only thing that makes sense is that chambord survived , although i still ca n't figure out how .
sohellip ; who 's watching over the whole thing , orchestrating , coordinating all the various people and aspects ?
` ` what a horrible thing , '' mastroianni said .
` ` this whole thing feels wrong .
the last thing i heard was the mayor shouting , ` ` this is an outrage ! ''
that was the last thing i saw - my beautiful wife distraught and destroyed .
the last thing i hear is raynor calling out , ` ` you 're making a big mistake , max . ''
i found rashford watley first thing this morning and we 're trying to figure it all out .
she 's trying to console me , make me feel as if a good thing has happened to me .
rejection comes easy , because you learn quickly that the worst thing that can happen is to hear the word ` ` no . ''
same thing tomorrow .
the wreck happened at ten minutes after ten last night , and bruiser somehow got his grubby hands on it first thing this morning .
we had a pleasant visit , one thing led to another , and they waited as i typed their wills .
these six depositions will commence first thing monday morning in cleveland . ''
the first thing the jurors see is that i ' m out - manned , outgunned and obviously underfunded .
nor had he ever heard of such a thing , and by now he thought he 'd heard or seen it all .
this thing has all of us somewhat out of whack .
` ` we 're still at the motel , getting ready to leave , and , well , i think i need to talk to you first thing this morning . ''
i 'll call mr . herrera in first thing this morning and interrogate him .
if we get hung up and go home , it 'll cost each side millions of dollars because they 'll have to come back in two years and replay the whole thing .
first thing monday they would hear closing arguments , and receive the case before lunch .
one thing led to another , and their boss made them pose as fbi agents .
it was the strangest thing , phoebe said not long into the surprise call from beverly , because the day before yesterday some guy had called her too , claimed he was jeff kerr looking for claire .
the funny thing was that no one at the table was quite sure of his name , but no one wanted to admit it .
` ` i do n't know what this i.c.u thing is about .
it was the sort of thing that happened all the time .
the most important thing i do is the least glamorous thing imaginable . ''
he is now fearful , cautious , and no doubt has been frightened into depositing documents with attorneys to be mailed in the event of his demise , that sort of thing .
he and anna warmed to each other immediately ; ramon insisted that she dine with them that evening , as a spur - of - the - moment thing , and she agreed .
ano nuevo , dta de los trabajadores , carnaval , that sort of thing .
` ` make no sound , or i will make a very deafening one , and it will be the last thing you ever hear . ''
it 's a striking thing to contemplate .
that 's the sort of thing i think about , ms . navarro .
next thing i know , you ' ve entered switzerland illegally .
` ` it 's a dangerous thing to disturb the peace of old men , '' sonnenfeld announced as he rejoined him .
` ` the only people who say there 's no such thing as bad publicity , '' he said , ` ` have never gotten bad publicity . ''
` ` the whole thing chardin talked about it 's just impossible to absorb .
he knew the next thing you 'd demand ... '' ` ` he knew i 'd ask him for the list , '' anna said , her voice hollow .
next thing , word came down that she was rotten , had been selling off information to traffickers and hostiles and whoever else .
anna seemed to notice the same thing at the same moment , for she leaned forward and banged on the plexiglas , but the two policemen did n't respond .
the worst thing , he knew , was to panic .
this was the one thing neither he nor neumann had anticipated .
if she 'd discovered whatever horrible thing was being done here , would they have let her live ?
as your countrymen say , a terrible thing to waste . ''
the last thing i saw on the outside was madam devier shaking at her desk , terror - stricken , headset around her neck , high heels parked neatly next to her wastebasket .
he was followed by a homeless activist who delivered a scathing attack on a society and its leaders who allowed such a thing to happen .
no one knew ; no one had seen a thing .
the first thing i noticed when we entered the courtroom was that jack bolling , one of the three attorneys for riveroaks , had removed his jacket , rolled up his sleeves , and was walking away from the drake and sweeney lawyers .
some of his writings caught the attention of a search committee , one thing led to another , and the chance to move south to a better school became attractive .
they report subtleties , joking asides , that sort of thing .
he remembered the old slogan that corky liked to repeat : the only thing worse than being followed is not being followed because they know where you 're going .
this was the horrible thing , not knowing .
some thing was up , something serious .
the sort of thing that corky , who worked in mysterious ways , was expert at arranging .
next thing i know you 're on the phone to corky , who contacts me with some cockamamie pretext about showing up at the brandenburg decoy site with flashlights and flares . ''
` ` strange thing , '' metcalfe said glibly .
but the last thing he remembered was grasping the doorknob .
each time she visited the same thing struck her as odd .
losing an agent was the worst thing she could imagine .
` ` here 's the interesting thing , '' he said .
but one thing he noticed .
` ` some of us do n't like this kind of thing . ''
that whole thing with you at the palace ?
he could not see if he hit the man but , looking around , one thing he knew for certain .
` ` terrible thing , '' viktor said .
it 's a terrible thing , buried in the nation 's history .
there 's no way they could have kept a thing like that a secret from all the leons , not all the time .
our best bet is to delay as long as we can , and then just slip away , with a witness watching the whole thing and guarding us .
` ` first thing tomorrow morning , ok ? ''
the exact same thing happened in school .
` ` thing like this , i need to second - guess myself .
` ` i ' m used to this thing , '' she said .
` ` thing i ca n't get my head around is i was always the kid brother , but now i ' m three years older than he ever got to be . ''
` ` the briefcase thing is weird , '' neagley said .
it 'll be some spectacular thing in a place armstrong just was or is heading for next .
the lids were up , like they were ready for assembly - line loading first thing in the morning .
` ` last thing sunday .
` ` is the thanksgiving thing on the website ? ''
something made him think he was going to be ok when he was n't going to be ok . and the same thing could happen to you .
it would have been the very last thing they were expecting .
then they 're deep into december , and the next thing is more holidays and then the inauguration .
` ` hell of a thing , '' neagley said .
` ` hell of a thing , '' stuyvesant said .
but there 's the ncic thing .
ca n't catch me sort of thing . ''
this whole thing was triggered by something recent . ''
a thing like this , the best choice would be one guy on his own , but that 's never practical , so it 's got to be two .
at halloween in the previous year it had been smashed up , you know , the traditional halloween thing where the tough kids go out cruising with a baseball bat , bashing mailboxes .
we ca n't let a thing like this go by . '
the first thing must be punished , and the second thing should n't have happened at all .
the first thing must be punished , and the second thing should n't have happened at all .
' it 's a horrible thing , when that happens .
easiest thing in the world for one of the guys to be hiding behind the corner of the house , while his buddy drove away like a big loud decoy .
the second such thing he had seen within a two - mile span .
because my loss wo n't be a one - time thing .
a thing like that , ok , it puts a scare in you , but it 's supposed to have a happy ending .
' a thing like that , lots of different departments cooperating , everyone on best behaviour , they 'll have built a pretty big file .
and anyway , a thing like this , we 'll all want our fingers in the pie . '
' the chance would be a fine thing , ' reacher said .
he 's going to give up on the blank hours ahead , and he 's going to pull out and follow her , and he 's going to dream of a promotion to the inner circle , and he 's going to imagine a scene and he 's going to rehearse a speech , because he 's going to pull seth duncan aside tomorrow , first thing in the morning , very discreetly , like an old friend or a trusted aide , and he 's going to whisper , yes , sir , i followed her all the way and i can show you exactly where she went .
it has to be the kind of thing where you smile and rub your hands when you see it rolling in through the gate .
i thought he would find that kind of thing totally repulsive , because he had suffered it himself .
` ` this is one thing that really gets me about you , bobby .
more strikingly , jack 's age seems no more relevant than his attractiveness : he has the air of having passed through lifetimes before this one , of having gone places and seen things beyond the scope of most other people .
henry , who claims to loathe this kind of thing , slouches in his seat , knees up on the dash , hands steepled below his chin , grinning with pleasure .
because the killer will be the first thing they think of , just as sure as god made little fishes ... and fishermen to catch 'em .
` ` the first thing that struck me was that fred marshall was a very nice guy , '' jack says , and goes on to recount , in great detail and leaving nothing out , the evening 's events and revelations , except for one matter , that of his third , his unspoken , thought .
you dreamed the whole thing .
he had set the whole thing up in advance .
what a terrible thing to have happened . ''
` ` but judy started acting strange even before ... '' ` ` same thing , i ' m afraid .
he has , after all , put the picture in a place where it 's the first thing he looks at in the morning and the last thing he sees at night .
the holiday trailer park , where tansy and irma have lived since cubby freneau took off for green bay in ninety - eight , is handy to the sand bar , and she has a part - time ` ` thing '' going with lester moon , one of the bartenders .
but one thing i do remember : none of the subs liked it .
` ` oh , that 's a real icky thing to talk about . ''
the whole thing went kind of dark .
the first thing he sees is a flash of light off mouse 's bike , which comes into view flat on its side about twenty feet down the road , at the top of the curve .
` ` that 's a stupid thing to think about , '' jack says aloud , and realizes that he regrets not having been completely open and unguarded with henry that 's where the stupid worry comes from , his stubborn silence .
george rathbun turns to ty , and the boy sees an amazing thing : the eyes that were such a shrewd , sharp blue only a few seconds ago have gone dull and milky .
one thing he 's sure of : they are no longer in wisconsin .
` ` that thing you hear , that 's the crimson king 's power plant , '' burny says .
and he sees an even more terrible thing : a kind of white glow has surrounded the boy .
now , the thing is , i ' m scared to death of flying .
just another vietnam thing , i guess , although probably nobody knows for sure .
his mother had been killed in a car accident when andy was seventeen - a nasty , traumatic thing .
he opened his eyes and the first thing he saw was that little girl who had been cruising around by the phonebooths , little girl seven or eight years old , looking really ragged out .
i think this is the most encouraging thing that 's happened in some time . ''
andy had no recollection of the thing that was most vivid to her : a man with long blond hair had set up a folding table by her cot , so that it was just at her eye level .
steady computer readouts on a random basis ( and they were a lot less random since the mcgee thing had started to happen ) had shown no indication at all that richardson was using any sort of psi power , either consciously or unconsciously .
parts of it had been too complicated for her to understand , but she remembered one thing : a policeman saying : ` ` we have no explanation for this fatality .
next thing you 'll be thinking they 're everywhere - one behind every tree and a bunch of them right over the next hill .
that 's the thing to remember . ''
the last thing he saw in the rearview mirror as he drove down the reentry lane was the blind man sitting on the pavement , his face twisted in anger and terror ... and the young woman placidly raising baby michael to her shoulder to burp him .
in fact , he found the whole thing rather funny .
now he realized that he had been wrong about that ; it was n't the only thing he 'd been wrong about as a kid , but it was maybe the last one to be discovered .
the other kids did n't seem to understand that a thing like that could happen to any kid .
but that was one thing that was never going to happen , because if the two of them put their information together they would realize that john the friendly orderly was just too good to be true .
the shaking - out rainbird had administered after the blackout ended was one thing ; hockstetter had lapsed dangerously and had known it .
the incident had ended in mutual masturbation , which , pynchot supposed , he should have been grateful for - it was probably the only thing that caused them to really keep their promise .
better to stop them after the thing had begun , with everything hanging out .
charlie had no idea what unimaginable thing might eventually have happened .
oj would say later that the first thing he thought of was his grandmother frying eggs , only this sound was a million times louder than that , as if a tribe of giants had all decided to fry eggs at once .
she says she scraped her back open crawling under barbed wire , and i got to think that 's a funny thing to have happen to you on the way to your relatives , even with gas as tight as it is .
the whole thing was a scene deliberately staged by someone , and suddenly i knew what had been biting at me underneath the horror .
` ` if you do n't mind , i 'll come to see you tomorrow morning about this wallace thing .
arthur seemed pretty grim about the whole thing , and lynn liggett asked us questions .
jack burns looking at me like i was a day - old catfish corpse had been one thing , an isolated incident maybe .
` ` it 's the worst thing i hope i ever see .
but the ratkill had a strong odor and flavor by design , to prevent just such a thing happening ; so the poisoning attempt seemed half - hearted and amateurish .
the only thing the house search turned up was a long hair , which may just be one of lizanne 's ... we have to get a sample from her for comparison .
the next thing i knew i was on the floor of the basement and looking up at bankston 's face , stolid no more in the dim light but grinning like a gargoyle , and he had a golf club in his hand .
some crazy thing .
that seems to be one thing i can not remember .
she was furious after the tree thing , you know .
next thing i know , there was a hole in the yard and the head was gone .
i knew he was trying to set up his own carpentry business , handyman work , that kind of thing , so i knew he 'd have done a competent job .
but the most telling thing , the moment of truth , was seeing that shotgun in shelby youngblood 's hands .
if such a thing were possible , the pale margaret , whom i was beginning to warm to , turned a shade whiter .
but that would draw even more attention to me , and that was the one thing i did n't want .
it seemed a strange thing for this cameraman to ask .
i was so self - conscious , thinking of the young woman across from me drinking in my every move and gesture , that i could n't enjoy a thing .
the last thing in the world patricia bledsoe would want was her jerome hanging around on a movie set .
` ` the only thing is , '' i said , with the frankness you can only show your family , ` ` i think about martin and i just feel so guilty . ''
i really wanted to be busy , to take my mind off the confusing events of the past week , but the most exciting thing that happened was catching a twelve - year - old girl trying to sneak out a copy of a new magazine that featured a cover article about her favorite boy band .
` ` the thing is , she 'd borrowed some books from me , '' will was saying .
celia shaw had had a merciful murder , if you believed such a thing was possible .
the next thing i knew , we were in the parking lot of the spacolec complex , and melinda and i were hugging each other and crying .
the first thing i saw was moosie 's face peering out from under the table by the back door , the one that held the towels .
the last thing we might ever see .
but hey , leaving home can be a scary thing .
' first thing tomorrow .
' he 's at college out here too , it was totally random - i bumped into him at this party thing by a guy in my calculus class .
the one thing nobody had mentioned all morning .
it 's all just a part of this beautiful thing we call life . '
we were standing here , talking about a murder and cover - up as if it was no big deal , and the most chilling thing of all was that it was n't , not to me .
' you 're the best thing that ever happened to him , ' he said , almost amused .
once she made a call , there was no other choice in her mind - she just kept moving forward , never regretting a thing .
ugly things should n't happen in a place this beautiful .
` ` dad got it as some tax - write - off thing ; he hardly ever comes out here . ''
` ` no , i had that flu thing , '' i remind him .
i mirror it , matched but not touching , the closest thing to human contact i ' ve had in days .
marlee : no , most prisoners will be here on smaller charges : drug trafficking , petty theft , that kind of thing .
i do n't know , but i do know one thing . ''
but i did learn one thing . ''
` ` it 's a thing , '' i said .
for the shepherd to break his last command to stay could only mean one thing .
his office adjoined the master bedroom at the west end of the house , and passing through on his way to the kitchen , he noticed a peculiar thing .
the thing is , i ' m not exactly sure what 's going on yet .
the brights shone out into the desert , and the first thing will noticed was the glimmer of metal near that dead saguaro where they 'd questioned javier .
just the headlights now , blazing into the desert , and the last thing he saw before they went dark was a roadrunner streaking between chollas on the far side of the arroyo , a snake twitching in its beak .
and you know what the upsetting thing was ?
` ` no , i do- '' ` ` well , look , here 's the thing .
` ` and then you 'll fly lucy and me out of here first thing tomorrow ? ''
fifty - one when she opened her eyes again , the first thing she saw was the blurry image of her feet sliding across the stone floor of the lobby and past the hulking tower of the freestanding hearth , its blaze burned down to the embers , the only light coming from ethan 's lantern .
for whatever reason , he was unhappy with the alphas , and he could have made a devastating witness , blown the whole thing apart .
what kept him up lately , these long december nights , was the fear that he would n't feel those things when this baby came , wondered how you faked a thing like that , how you raised something you did n't feel belonged to you .
he was shaking his head , saying , ` ` that is positively the most disgusting thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
and of course , there 's the centerpiece of the entire thing , ` ` an unkindness of ravens . ''
` ` no idea what you just said , but it was a lovely thing to watch . ''
we did n't even know there was such a thing , but having just had our experience with ty , we felt this conviction to go .
` ` you see the same thing i saw up on the roof a emerald house ?
it 's the most incredible thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
she did n't take his hand , but she did walk beside him into the passage , and as they went on , candlelight glinting on the slickensides of the day hole , a strange thing happened .
now , carefully , bringing the flame over to the rock , searching the contours , the crystalline veins - still nothing - edging her fingers farther down the match as the flame pursued , desperation setting in , and the heat building , nowhere for her fingers to go now , the fire blackening her thumbnail , her teeth gritted , her skin beginning to bubble , and the last thing she saw before the flame smothered was the candle , three feet from the bank , floating in the lake .
she came around , thinking of the little girl lost in the slide , and the first thing her eyes locked upon was a small man sitting at her bedside in a rocking chair and snoring , the wiry black hairs of his unkempt beard trembling with each exhalation .
last thing she recalled was emerging snow - blind from a stand of aspen into a valley , seeing buildings in the distance , smelling wood smoke .
` ` the one thing i did n't expect was for the burning to return so soon .
` ` you know exactly what 's happening , and it 's apparent to the other senators , because the same thing has happened to their wives .
that 's a beautiful thing , what i did there .
` ` we have n't heard a thing , '' andrew repeated .
violet spun around and the first thing she noticed was the smell - rancid body odor laced with booze .
this is the kind of thing you 'll dream about , so when you wake up tonight crying and scared , do n't call out for me to comfort you , because i warned you not to look . ''
silence like this was one thing in the wilderness , a completely different matter in the city .
i was in the freezer at the bar , but that 's not the most startling thing about the situation .
it 's the last thing i hear before he lifts his hand and presses it over my mouth , while gripping at my neck , choking and smothering me until i ' m on the verge of passing out .
i feel a hand touch my arm and the last thing i think is : well at least i ' m not going to die alone .
` ` well , in that case ... '' lia cut in between michael and me , and the next thing i knew , i was dancing with sloane and lia was back with michael .
maybe , when dean had first come here , that had been a normal thing .
this was the last thing i 'd seen the first time around .
and this mock crime scene was n't the worst thing i 'd seen .
the biggest thing i 'd figured out about michael in the past week was that there was a very good chance that he 'd been wearing masks for longer than he 'd been working for the fbi - pretending to be something he was n't was second nature .
this entire thing was staged to look like my mother 's death .
and the worst thing is , you 're alone .
from the corner of my eye i saw him but was too late to react and next thing you know i was dazed by knuckles that slammed into my temple .
the frightening thing was how quickly you got used to it .
but the thing is , it 's shaking .
molasses , rum , that sort of thing . ''
one thing i did know - a plan was beginning to form .
it 's one thing being rude about your own hovel , it 's a different kettle of fish when someone else does it .
the funny thing is , i did n't see him .
i saw one thing before i fell .
the images had gone , the strange glow had returned to the walls and i was left wondering if i 'd imagined the whole thing .
and then things began to happen too quickly for me even to remember the exact order in which they took place , though i think it started with the sound of breaking glass and a scream that came from the house .
the first thing i saw was that the bookcase compartment was open , and i could see the box holding my sword inside .
the rider had his back to us of course and was a distance away , but one thing i thought i could see was his ears .
the first thing i saw was an abandoned cart .
and so the next thing i felt was cold water slapping into my face - or was it an open palm on my face ?
the red mist descending is one thing .
the second thing we saw was a eunuch , who knelt with his back to us , filling an earthenware jug from the pool .
such a thing should not be possible .
have you heard of such a thing ? '
` ` and there 's another thing , ezio .
the next thing ezio knew was that a big man , who smelled of prison straw and stale sweat , had crept up behind him and thrown a garrote over his head and around his neck .
next thing , thought ezio , is that he 'll tell us he 's involved with music and poetry as well !
lorenzo had spurned the idea of having his bodyguards close - a murderous attack in a church was a thing all but unheard of - but now they struggled to reach him through the mass of confused and panic - stricken worshippers , jostling and trampling each other in order to get away from the scene of butchery , but the situation was made far worse by the heat , and the fact that there was scarcely any room to move at all ...
it is no easy thing to lose a doge in the prime of life - and it is frustrating to see our dear brother mocenigo 's assassin still roam free and unpunished .
' you must be wondering how such a thing could be even possible , but just let me out of here and i 'll gladly demonstrate !
' the whole thing was a trick .
he turned to go , but then a peculiar thing happened .
when he was n't hating him for his sudden exile , dave noticed that the dark cloud that sometimes seemed to hover over jimmy had become a permanent thing , like a reverse halo .
` ` you go out , expecting one thing , a saturday night , nice weather , and then '' he stood and came over by her , leaned against the oven , and watched her wring out the left leg of his jeans .
next thing he remembered , he stood on the roof of the house , lauren 's flesh replaced by a smooth metal weather vane .
sean walked down crescent along the edge of the park , and the first thing he noticed was a crime scene services van parked halfway down the block .
and often the worst thing was n't the victims they were dead , after all , and beyond any more pain .
the worst thing was those who 'd loved them and survived them .
jimmy 's scream blew out into the air as a low , guttural thing , nothing sharp or high - pitched to it , an animal 's first stage of reckoning with grief .
the fact that old lady prior had heard something was an aberration , the one thing the killer could n't have predicted , because even sean had been surprised to learn anyone still lived on that scorched - out block .
i find out the same thing happened to another buddy of mine .
` ` that road - rage thing , '' dave said .
` ` the thing is , right ? ''
` ` the thing is , it 's like i was saying about the vampires , celeste .
` ` other weird thing was , i talk to sandy greene .
jimmy gave her a small , bewildered smile , and she noticed again what an open , lovely thing his smile was .
but after he 'd been coming by the prison for a few months , a weird thing happened . ''
` ` patients screaming at other patients , fighting , that sort of thing .
and in the next row , the same thing occurs again twice .
` ` but , chuck - even if they made her up , even if they staged this whole thing , there 's still no way they could have predicted that i would be assigned to the case . ''
teddy pulled the trigger , saw the bullet come out the other side of breene 's head , and the three kids had watched the whole thing and they were screaming like crazy now and peter breene said , ` ` dammit , '' and leaned against the wall , holding his hand over the entrance wound .
cawley 's curious gaze was the coldest thing teddy had ever seen .
not the best thing to see properly when you wanted to shoot someone in the dark , but with that gun at this range , ray charles could put me in the grave .
the papers love this sort of thing .
he knew he had the whole thing on tape , all he had to do was say socia 's name , and his brain froze up and he forgot .
probably the best thing could have happened .
i looked at the cabinet and the first thing i noticed were eyes staring back at me .
mae saw the whole thing .
and then i looked out on beacon and saw the one thing that had n't depressed me in the last five minutes - angie idling by the garden in our brown crown victoria .
` ` do n't have that kind of thing round here . ''
i did n't know such a thing was possible for you pasty celtic folk . ''
the first thing jay noticed was that the fingers and thumbs of both her hands had been severed at the joints .
the best thing that ever happened to those three kids was that they got caught with the gun on them and confessed .
and i remembered the same thing at one of the motels we stayed in on our way down here .
story upon story , layer upon layer , and all of it either complete or partial bullshit since this thing began .
i 'd seen enough photos of amanda in the last few days to know what she looked like , but a physical likeness could n't tell me what set her face had taken when she walked into this room at the end of a day or woke to it first thing in the morning .
` ` and ever since the gerry glynn thing , i hear you two charge pretty steep rates . ''
once all fifteen or so kids had hit ( and they all hit ; there was no such thing as a strikeout ) , they switched bats for gloves with the other team .
a thing that loosened cement and launched tremors through oak .
i think there might have been a fourth , but next thing i know i ' m waking up in a pile of blood and it 's like eight - thirty .
` ` you see this horrible thing , that one , but they 're spaced out .
` ` and no one saw a thing , '' i said .
the first thing i noticed was the silhouette of an assembly belt , pulleys and chains dropping from the rafters twenty feet above it .
` ` what 's the oddest thing ? ''
the cops are terrified of helene , amanda , the whole thing .
one thing i learned today , though , is that i ' ve turned into a bit of a pussy . ''
chapter sixteen one positive thing i learned about a hummer - bitch did n't drive too bad with its front tires blown out .
if you went to his house you 'd probably find stereo equipment that matched missing shipments , that kind of thing .
one thing happens to them , or my friend calls and says he saw one of you stallone - in - nighthawkslooking motherfuckers at the strip mall ?
` ` it was the worst fucking thing i ever saw and i did my er internship in gary , indiana . ''
he could actually feel it moving like a river in early spring , and he pictured tyrell hawke standing at third , twitching because he 'd laid out all night drinking , and luther was counting on that because he was n't just settling for third today , no sir , thinking that 's right , you best believe baseball is a game of speed and i ' m the speediest son of a bitch any ya 'll ever see , and when he raised his head , the first thing he saw was tyrell 's glove right beside his ear .
the next thing he saw , just to his left , was the ball , a shooting star gone sideways and pouring smoke .
the infi eld was playing double - play depth , and sticky joe beam was n't throwing nothing george could go long on , and babe found himself praying for one thing he 'd never prayed for in his life : a double - play so he would n't have to bat .
it was a sad thing .
a sad thing .
the logic was simple : the only thing criminals loved almost as much as beating the shit out of coppers was watching coppers beat the shit out of each other .
` ` in my experience , '' the deacon broscious said , ` ` the most memorable thing in a man 's life is rarely pleasant .
and then , then we say , my that was the thing .
` ` the union - rat job , the radicals , the whole thing . ''
danny 's laugh was a booming thing .
but wilson looked tired up there , old , his voice a thin , reedy thing as he droned on about league- of - nations this and new - world - order that and the great responsibilities that come with great might and great freedom .
but in that moment , as it soared without shadow into a blue sky and a white sun and he dropped his bat and trotted slowly down the first base line , tracking it , willing it to go farther and faster than anything ever could or ever had or maybe ever would in so short a time , babe saw the damnedest thing he 'd ever seen in his life -- his father sitting atop the ball .
but the giddreauxs must be planning a ribbon cutting , that sort of thing , a gathering of their ilk . ''
busted all to hell and kneeling in the middle of a shit hole street in shit hole scollay square , the man was chatting all casual - like , as if this sort of thing happened to him once a week .
his father had been waiting on his stoop when danny returned home , and the first thing danny noticed was that he 'd lost weight , and the second was that his hair was gray .
babe had a regular thing going now with kat lawson at the hotel buckminster , and he left her sleeping one night and stopped in the bar on his way out .
responding firemen complained of the same thing .
danny would never know if the coroner lied to save him the guilt , but he chose to believe him because the alternative , he feared , could be the thing that finally broke him .
on the other hand , one of the worst decisions your father has ever made could end up being the best thing that could have happened to you . ''
kids on the lower east side try to wash a dog for a rich lady , they lose the dog , the rich lady calls the cops , high jinks ensue , that sort of thing . ''
joe glanced over , saw loretta figgis sitting there , watching the whole thing happen .
` ` and one other thing that tips the scales in myst 's favor ? ''
as lachlain charged for her , the oddest thing happened .
she must have bewitched him , because it had felt like the most natural thing in the world .
the last thing she heard was him rasping , ` ` and i know you 'll come back to me before dawn . ''
` ` you had no fear down there , '' he said , sounding impressed , and emma had to admit that the next best thing to having lachlain nuzzle her and kiss her wounds was him acting as if she 'd just fought off armageddon .
the next thing she felt was his palm on the back of her head , pulling her to him , forcing her mouth against his skin .
` ` emma , it 's the most erotic thing i ' ve ever experienced .
` ` i , uh , well , the thing is that ... i drank directly from him , '' she finally confessed .
` ` i did n't think such a thing existed , '' rosalinda mumbled with her mouth full .
i told my teacher i 'd been concentrating on ancient history in my old school , and complimented myself on such a clever answer - but then she said there was a small class of ancient history students at mahler 's and she 'd get me transferred first thing tomorrow .
this was the last thing he 'd expected from this trip .
the funny thing was , mortimer was starting to think that was n't such a bad thing now that he was getting to know her .
it was the kind of thing he 'd become a hunter to prevent .
this could be a one - time deal , a wham - bam - thank - you - ma'am - and - he - disappears thing .
he leaned his head back and closed his eyes again , thinking that mortimer 's finding samantha was the only good thing that had come out of this hunt .
the last thing she recalled was hurrying toward the road , determined to find a house with a phone and a car so that she could call her family and do what she could to help find her sister .
besides , maybe if he tucked it back in she 'd think the whole thing had been some erotic dream ... including the bite part .
dani was sure the people they 'd passed had n't noticed a thing amiss , none of them could have known that she was screaming with terror inside her head .
leo was apparently reading her mind again because he turned on her and said , ` ` oh , see , now that 's the kind of thing that 's going to make me have to punish you again .
she felt herself falling , and the last thing she saw before darkness claimed her was the woman moving away toward the stairwell at the end of the hall .
he could n't have missed him , but it was the only thing that made sense .
` ` the penis - eye thing , '' she muttered .
the first thing jo realized was that she was lying on the cold concrete floor .
` ` all right , come on up this time , but you know this is n't going to be a regular thing .
i could n't risk that leonius had n't followed ernie north and might grab you , or some other damned thing might happen .
` ` good thing you 're not mortal , then , huh ? ''
eshe stared at her silently , not really seeing her as she searched her mind , but the very last thing she remembered was passing out on armand 's lap .
the frustrating thing was armand just did n't know how .
` ` when my first son died in battle , i thought it was the worst thing in the world that could happen and i would never be happy again .
i knew that day that that was truly the worst thing in the world that could happen to me and i 'd never be happy again .
` ` there was one other thing agnes said that bothered me , '' she announced abruptly .
so i bit the bullet on that one , but then the same thing happened with the tiles for the bathroom and kitchens . ''
alex was silent for a moment , wondering if she was passing up on a good thing with cale .
the only thing that would make it better was if i were eating it off your body . ''
i mean , i know i said it affected me , but it was just one more thing , not the be all and end all .
` ` it 's been one thing after another for months . ''
it seemed the most natural thing in the world to lean into him as his arm slid around her waist , and his lips touched her forehead .
for one moment , harper could almost have believed he 'd imagined the whole thing he 'd seen from his window , but then he spotted where the snow had been disturbed by drina 's fall , as well as the footprints leading around to the driveway .
teddy was silent as they traveled along the side of the garage toward the deck , but then said , ` ` well , here 's the thing .
the girl had mentioned electricity and energy earlier , but she 'd thought she 'd just been using two different terms to try to describe one thing .
drina had been the last one anyone had thought of , which she did n't mind since she was n't seriously hurt or anything , but the whole thing had been incredibly frustrating and frightening .
` ` the funny thing is , he dragged me home as his ` ` girlfriend '' for years to keep his parents from finding out , and when he finally came out of the closet , his mother was n't surprised at all .
carolyn glanced to the others then and saw the same thing .
he scowled , and she blurted out , ` ` i ' m sorry about the bus thing . ''
` ` the bus thing ? ''
he 'd planned the whole thing . ''
carolyn leaped out of the bed , but then just turned in a circle as it occurred to her that she 'd had the low blood sugar thing on the boat , before they 'd ever had sex .
the last thing she remembered was being splayed across the bed sideways with him between her legs .
he could imagine an unpleasant thing or two himself .
` ` leigh said that being turned was the most terrible experience of her life , but turned out to be the best thing that had ever happened to her , '' valerie said quietly .
an explosion would have been more than possible with his furnace back in europe had the same thing happened there and pierina suspects he thought this would act the same way ... and the doors were blocked , '' she reminded him .
that rodolfo was the wildest , riskiest thing that had happened in her life so she would no doubt be reluctant to take a chance like that again .
that was something she rarely did first thing in the morning .
the next thing i knew i had commissions coming out of my ears . ''
that was a hard thing for jake .
thomas echoed with confusion , unsure what one thing had to do with the other .
the funny thing was she had n't really lied about anything .
the last thing she remembered was heading out to search for marguerite after ... inez 's gaze shifted to thomas , looking him over with new concern as she recalled his being stabbed and her removing the knife from his back .
he asked , his voice having a slightly gravelly quality first thing in the morning .
a lot had happened in that time and between one thing and another , she 'd used up a lot of energy since then as well .
they just kept dying on him ... not an easy thing when they were all immortals , '' he pointed out and then went on quietly , ` ` after jeanne louise 's mother died , he just sort of gave up .
the man had bags under his eyes from exhaustion , a very rare thing indeed with their constitution .
blood began to gush out of the wound the moment she pulled the knife free and inez was winding up for another stab when a funny thing happened .
` ` was it awful , the thing she showed you ? ''
` ` holy hell , '' tegan said , obviously spotting the same thing she had .
the others are : to avoid becoming romantically entangled with sea creatures ; to always ask for what you want , because the worst thing that can happen is embarrassment but the best thing that can happen is nudity ; to demand ready money up front ; and to never play cards with catarina loss . ''
the others are : to avoid becoming romantically entangled with sea creatures ; to always ask for what you want , because the worst thing that can happen is embarrassment but the best thing that can happen is nudity ; to demand ready money up front ; and to never play cards with catarina loss . ''
and saint cloud 's bidding could be a strange thing indeed .
this was the sort of thing magnus wanted to happen more often .
that in itself was the strangest thing she 'd heard of in a while .
next thing i know , doug is on his back , on the bed , throat cut , and he 's bleeding out .
it was just supposed to be an introduction , a friend - of - a - friend kind of a thing .
granted , they were herding her into the trees , where whatever unpleasant thing that was going to happen would happen in relative privacy , but still ... this was bold , even for monica .
i did n't even know , except that when i was fighting , it seemed like i was fighting every bad thing in my life that had ever happened .
claire was just coming down the stairs , humming and thinking about how nice it was to have things getting back to normal , and how she 'd tell shane about the january thing tonight , when myrnin sent a message through the portal -- well , more of a rock with a note tied to it , which rolled across the floor and scared eve into a scream before the portal snapped shut .
you guys have a thing today ? ''
` ` it 's just the kind of thing bishop would want -- humans turning against vampires , creating chaos and death .
she 'd woken up old gramma day , another thing to feel bad about .
she 'd been in it at least five or six times , mostly to add or drop classes , pay fees -- that kind of thing .
eve did do what she 'd promised ; as myrnin drove ( another terrifying , in - the - dark experiment ) , she called hannah moses 's office and reported the whole thing .
because she must have gotten it right , first try -- no easy thing , even when you 're facing a vampire and able to see your target .
` ` that thing thatknocked him off the cliff .
it was by far the most intense thing that hadever happened to her .
it was afierce and terrible thing , a bit like being fused together by a bolt of lightning , but it was also so wonderful that maggie 's entire skin was prickling and her mind was hushed with awe .
that's - that 's themost terrible thing i ' ve ever seen.she could hardly get the words of her thought out .
i went tosee sylvia , and the next thing i know i ' m waking up ina slave - trader 's cart .
it seemed like a hundred years sinceshe had climbed up to his ledge , but actually every thing had happened quickly after that .
` ` i forgot to mention , a funny thing happened.a guy named gavin dropped in on the huntingparty a little while ago . ''
delos and the incredible thing that had happened between themwas only one part of the whole mess .
then , as if it were the most natural thing in theworld , its shoulders went back and its arms thickened .
and iwent to go to the bathroom , and it was down this long empty corridor , and the next thing i knew iwas waking up in a slave trader 's cart .
i knew he did n't know that kind of thing washappening , she thought , feeling vaguely glad in avery tired , sad , and distant way .
it was the weirdest thing i 'd ever felt .
he was right , but how had he known such a thing was possible ?
he likes this kind of thing . ''
about the only pleasant thing to have come out of this so far was that i was clean - really clean - again .
i dug into my subgum , saying , ` ` good thing she 's in the ever - after , or you 'd brick her in the ground alive , huh ?
alexia perfectly understood al the things ivy had n't written , if such a thing was to be believed possible given the length of the missive .
` ` ' floote , ' he used to say to me , ' there 's no such thing as fate - there 's just werewolves , and there 's no such thing as coincidence - there 's just vampires .
yet another thing to blame on conal .
` ` oh , not at all the thing .
what a thing for a preternatural to go and be doing .
imagine such a thing , a preternatural pregnant by a supernatural .
` ` an embarrassing thing for a carnivore to be compared to a biscuit , would n't you say , my lord ? ''
what an odd thing to have to do .
and then a very odd thing happened .
floote did n't come over , only nodded as though every house in italy had such a thing .
we 'd kept our ... thing ... a secret from the others , which meant lucas could n't show favoritism by leaping to my defense .
and the last thing i remembered , before the bloody red haze finally melted into blackness , was a f lash of something bright and the rabid 's body dropping onto my chest while its head continued to bite my arm .
it 's not a natural thing anymore because we do n't need to do it .
i still did n't know my own strength , and the last thing i wanted to do was snap a rib by mistake .
` ` the next thing i clearly remember was the door opening and jeb standing there , staring down at me .
in time , it became a weekly thing , where we met in the old church for an hour or so and listened to him talk .
he 'd stood up for me , helped me , given me things as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
` ` well , here 's the thing , '' i went on conversationally .
` ` i ca n't see a thing , '' muttered zeke , pressing close to my back .
the next thing i saw was a guard at the end of the corridor .
the next thing i knew , i was hurling through the air , and had a split - second glance of the windows , rushing at me , before i struck the glass with a splintering cacophony .
i could n't stay for the whole thing .
as i huddled behind the trunk , watching the shambling horde , i noticed a weird thing .
` ` thing was , '' jackal continued , putting his boots up on the low , polished table , ignoring the glare from azura , ` ` new covington was n't the only lab searching for a cure .
and the most ironic thing ?
it 's such an inspiring thing , is n't it , sister ?
i was in the cemetery when you and jeb came through , and saw the whole thing . ''
is n't the punishment for that kind of thing death around here ?
with the exception of a wooden stake through the gut , it was the most painful thing i 'd ever felt .
the closest thing i could think of was someone using a pipe to bang a tune on another pipe , but that was just noise .
` ` but i have other things to do now - vampires to find , armies to raise , that sort of thing . ''
that was the last thing i heard before sleep pulled me under .
a similar thing occurs with a charmed stake .
the only thing i could hope for was that jill and i could develop the self - control to block each other out .
it actually would n't be that difficult to work some alchemist connections to make that kind of thing happen .
you 're here to do alchemist business , but you seem really into your classes - especially that thing with her .
` ` melbourne , i always knew you 'd need to learn about this kind of thing .
` ` sonya thought we could make some kind of binding tattoo out of the blood and says sydney 's had experience with that kind of thing . ''
this whole thing is because of her blood , so i ' m sure she 'll be around . ''
because the thing was , i had n't been able to read anything off of it .
she got pretty wasted , one thing led to another ... '' ` ` and you drank from her , '' i finished .
boundaries , i was learning , were a negotiable thing among moroi .
` ` i think the only thing that got me out of our room was when i told zoe i managed to get her permission to practice three - point turns by herself in the faculty parking lot . ''
any one thing that some spy for the alchemists could find out about .
has this sort of thing ever happened before ?
i mean , it 's one thing saying you ' ve got the best god , but sayin ' it 's the only real one is a bit of a cheek , in my opinion .
one thing they often got wrong was the idea that she never thought further than the bottom of the glass .
' i thought you 'd like this sort of thing , dear , ' said the countess .
' it 'd be the sort of thing she 'd talk about for days .
' magrat 's good at this sort of thing . '
that sort of thing , ' said nanny .
it'th a profethional thing . '
' in that case- ' ' 's not my job to understand this sort of thing , ' said the falconer .
' people being dragged out of their beds , blood on the walls , that sort of thing ? '
' oh , i reckon i believes in tea , sunrises , that sort of thing , ' said granny .
' terrible thing to have to burn all them words , though . '
normally , death was against this sort of thing but , he reasoned as he snapped his fingers , at the moment it looked as though it was the only way he 'd get his scythe back .
because the last thing claire wanted to do was get a broom and a dump truck to pick up all that broken glass when the fate of morganville was riding on their staying focused .
the funny thing is , i do n't need you any less now .
that 's not exactly the worst thing that could happen . ''
` ` truth is , the worst thing i ever feared was this .
she tried not to cut herself - the last thing she wanted was for the vamps around her to smell blood - and managed to get it in the pocket of her hoodie without stabbing herself .
there 's no ... ` ` then the oddest thing happened ... ... bishop seemed to hesitate .
` ` what - ` ` she turned her head toward him , and the last thing she saw was his backpack , full of books , heading at full speed toward her head .
the portal thing ?
` ` you are positive you have never heard of this kind of thing happening before ? ''
` ` i have never heard talk of such a thing .
it was a rare thing for lady maccon to encounter a woman more independent and eccentric than herself .
he was clearly most upset that such a thing as a lady of quality falling off his craft had occurred .
` ` i had just such a thing happen with a hat once . ''
` ` this is not a thing a lady should witness , miss hisselpenny , '' he exclaimed , rushing over and shepherding her out of the room .
not that alexia was any kind of springer or tripper first thing on normal occasions .
` ` ze most extraordinary thing , lady maccon .
` ` does this kind of thing always happen around a pack without an alpha ? ''
madame lefoux did the most curious thing .
never before had she thought to behold such a thing .
but that may have been the most disgusting thing i have ever seen in my life . ''
an extraordinary thing happened : she began to grow a beard !
the same thing was happening to mr . crepsley and i could see him grinding his teeth and sweating .
` ` another funny thing , '' he said .
of course , i did notice oddities , but then , everyone has oddities and truly , vampirism was the last thing i 'd suspected .
aside from his teeth , it was the strangest thing i 'd ever seen .
it was so commonplace that i was beginning to doubt the entire thing ever even happened .
` ` because i ' m starting to think i imagined the whole thing last night . ''
it 's not the sort of thing you can un - see . ''
` ` that was the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen !
` ` but the healing thing ... that 's true ? ''
his biting me had been the most intimate thing i 'd ever experienced with a man - human or vampire .
i laughed a little harder at the fact that it never seemed to occur to his family that i 'd be on protection from day one , to prevent the very thing that they 'd been hoping so badly for .
it was the most relaxing thing i had ever experienced .
i was wrong before - this was the most relaxing thing i 'd ever experienced .
i was a little surprised that i watched the whole darn thing .
it was a yummy sight to see first thing in the morning .
the first thing i noticed was that there were n't a lot of people on the trail .
even if i got to you right away , even if you were still conscious in the car when we started the trip ... if we got held up in traffic or the tiniest thing went wrong , or if it was even quicker than an hour ... '' teren swallowed and spoke my greatest fear , ` ` i would wake up in the car ... alone with you . ''
the next thing i knew , she was setting me on top of one of the tall , white fences that separated the different fields .
that brings me to the last thing that happens at weddings .
a flash of guilt washed through me that i 'd inadvertently blocked spike 's entrance to our warm home , and i immediately removed the basket , vowing to do better on keeping up with that sort of thing .
she glared at him , probably still a little irritated at the whole carrie thing , but finally left ben alone .
` ` it 's a tricky thing , knowing that you 're going to live so much longer than the person who holds your heart , the person you want beside you forever . ''
i blushed furiously and studied anything but halina 's face as she told me every horrid thing that i was afraid teren had done with that female .
tracey too ... if the whole thing would n't have her screaming in terror . ''
most of them were startled that such a thing was even possible .
` ` that sort of thing does n't go unnoticed . ''
i had the feeling he would take his assignment with ferocious seriousness , protecting ashley from every bad thing in the city , maybe even staying by her side all night , just in case .
relief and exhaustion overtook me , and the last thing i heard before i succumbed , was him telling me that he loved me .
i 'd wanted to call him , to have him rush home so he would n't miss it , but alanna waived her hand at me and assured me that they were n't consistent enough to be the real thing .
but the surprising thing was that they were still together , and from what i 'd heard , halina was actually not sleeping with anyone else .
` ` the body , vampiric or otherwise , is a miraculous and complicated thing . ''
the part of me that could look at the situation objectively saw how much that entire thing had hurt teren .
it was a hard thing , telling someone that you deeply cared about , all of your deepest , darkest secrets .
as i narrowed my eyes at him , trying to picture how such a thing could have happened , starla 's small voice filled the room .
if i suddenly went into the details of me slaughtering a small herd of cattle , well , she might see the whole thing differently after that .
i was going to convince her that i 'd caught that swine flu bug thing that was going around .
` ` i have never heard of such a thing .
yeah , if there was one thing our relationship seemed to have in abundance , besides a great deal of love , it was bad things happening .
the last thing she was aware of , was asking me if i 'd share the popcorn with her ; my reaction was a little strong for her question , but i had n't considered teren and ben jumping into the middle of this .
he was holding his stomach , staring at the dirt - packed field , his lips twisted like he 'd just seen the grossest thing imaginable .
` ` well , the weirdest thing happened .
the last thing i needed was becky putting a cup of blood to her mouth and taking a swig .
the announcement of a trip to london had been one thing , and the presence of boys another , but this was the thing to end all things - a ball !
oh , because of that odd thing with lord dingleproops 's letter ?
if this kind of thing were to become a regular occurrence , munitions lessons really should n't be left for older students .
it must be a truly terrifying thing to see , the massive school hurtling down toward them .
they stopped falling and hovered , almost exactly as high above the ground as they had been before the whole thing started .
captain niall did a strange thing at the sight .
you 'd think this ball the most exciting thing to ever happen ever . ''
werewolf change is an unpleasant thing to watch , and poor soap had never seen it before .
but as he slept tranquilly , i could only think of one thing : a preteen vampire had descended upon dullsville .
` ` this is the most romantic thing i ' ve ever seen ! ''
one of those eleven had been a friend of mine , and on my worst nights , i still dreamed of her death - even though the only thing i 'd ever witnessed was the bloody patch of sand that had contained her dna .
maybe , though i ' ve never heard of such a thing .
which was a very weird thing to think .
it was a ferocious thing to witness .
so , i was n't alone in the house but jin 's scent was a distant thing rather than active - an indication that he was n't actually in the house .
one thing gautier could never be accused of was dumbness in the line of duty .
` ` i ' m pretty sure i ' m the worse thing that 's ever happened to you , '' he muttered .
the first thing she saw when she got her vision back was a brown hand and a lean brown wrist .
that thing they thought was a rash was necrotizing something - or - other ... you know , that flesh - eating bacteria . ''
i 'll tell you the funny thing , though .
now here was the thing .
to reassure him , she tried to fill her mind with every beautiful thing she saw .
he had no memory of such a thing before shea .
i ' m going to have to leave immediately in order to get down to the village first thing in the morning . ''
shea could feel jacques ' swift denial of the possibility of such a thing .
illusion is also an easy thing to master .
now she felt there was no hope of such a thing .
in all their centuries together , such a thing had never happened .
it would be a difficult thing for him to live with , the taking of blood during a kill .
it would be a terrible thing for gregori to be hunted by the very people he protected and healed . ''
it had all happened so fast , one thing after the other .
i will also tell you , if such a thing should occur , that the child would be my hope on this earth , and when she or he had a family , then i would gladly join you . ''
` ` you know , mikhail , it was the strangest thing today .
it is not an easy thing to live with , the taking of life . ''
she had n't had a thing to eat or drink in nearly twenty - four hours , so why was she reluctant ?
` ` after what happened to noelle , i could not bear for the same thing to happen to eleanor .
i can only pray that if such a thing should ever happen again , gregori will slay me immediately . ''
i decide i want to fly a kite and the next thing i ' m doing it . ''
what he 's doing is a terrible thing , but no worse than what you did to those who murdered your sister .
the worst thing is - raven , corrine and i came up with most of the recipes for everyone .
` ` the one thing i consistently have nightmares about is the shadow of an arm with long sharp talons reaching for me , '' alexandria whispered .
who ever heard of such a thing ? ''
it would serve us well in the coming years if we had such a thing documented . ''
shea 's birth is the most important thing we have going and our biggest reason to celebrate . ''
` ` and wear your hair down tonight for this thing .
it 's the worst thing you can imagine to have that blood in your veins every moment of your existence .
natalya is making some strange thing . ''
he would not allow such a thing .
no one dreamed such a thing could happen .
in all her centuries she had never experienced such a thing .
nothing in his centuries of living had prepared him for such a thing .
julian knew such a thing to be impossible .
he was willing to die should it be necessary to prevent such a thing .
they thought him helpless , caught in the snare of their master 's trap , the binding spell making him their prisoner , yet desari 's voice prevented such a thing .
was the same thing happening to her ?
he was n't calling her a liar , nor was he admitting such a thing could have occurred .
if carpathian males can go to war over such a thing , they are perfectly capable of murdering my brother . ''
and she was not about to tell slavica an exchange of blood with vikirnoff was the most erotic thing she 'd ever experienced .
this thing is legendary .
the last thing she comprehended was his mouth moving over the blisters on her face and neck , healing the raw burns .
it is a terrible thing to have family betray us .
` ` see , this is the kind of thing to put in movies , '' natalya said .
the crazy thing was , he did n't even know how it happened .
` ` where did you hear of such a thing ? ''
it is the very thing we gave our lives and our hopes to prevent .
coming together in love is a beautiful thing , not an act of despicable violence , but something unbelievably wondrous .
` ` few people could survive such a thing .
you have a built - in shield , a rare thing .
falcon might not have seen such a thing before , but he had supreme confidence in his own abilities .
i can not allow such a thing .
did she believe she was dreaming the whole thing ?
` ` she 's the fastest thing i ' ve had in years .
it was the last thing he 'd anticipated , and it moved him as nothing else could .
the night was the most incredibly beautiful thing tempest had ever seen .
if such a thing were to occur , you would have to send her to sleep once it was safe to do so in order for her body to convert without enduring too much pain to manage . ''
the route was well marked , an easy thing to follow , she hoped .
` ` it 's the bat thing again , is n't it ? ''
i ' m so sorry you saw such a terrible thing . ''
you said there was n't really such a thing , but i think you 're wrong . ''
she tried to make it a joke , to help her mind accept the possibility of such a thing .
damn the man , damn the house , and damn every awkward thing that had happened !
but the only thing he saw was his tattoo .
she did n't remember ever having experienced such a thing before .
she wanted to believe there was no such thing , but what she had witnessed was undeniable .
this kind of thing just did n't happen to normal people .
in truth , honey , i would gladly lay down my life if i knew you wished such a thing and would be happy without me , but it is not so . ''
he could not allow such a thing .
the strange thing is , i can not get his scent .
there 's been too many cases of that kind of thing . ''
she should have arrested them first thing , and then she would have known immediately who they were and what they were up to .
` ` in all the centuries of my existence , such a thing has never happened .
` ` it 's a terrible thing to grow up being ashamed of what you are , knowing you might give birth to a male of the species and no matter what you do , how much you love him , how you raise him , his nature will always prevent him from loving you back . ''
` ` why would you fear so natural a thing ?
i know everything , all of it , every terrible thing he 's done to you .
gabriel knew everything , all of it , every terrible thing that the beast had done to his daughter .
the thing she had longed for .
he has no power over you , not unless you allow such a thing . ''
are you prepared for such a thing ? ''
is n't that a strange thing to ask ? ''
` ` i did n't tell you , but the oddest thing happened during the show . ''
` ` if julian gave up this sanctuary , one he had for nearly two centuries , it can mean only one thing .
there is no chance of such a thing , ma petite .
he had a feeling the one thing that could change that remote expression fast was to have another man ogling savannah .
i could not allow such a thing , '' gregori said gently .
` ` believe me , mortal , if there is such a thing , she would know about it , '' gregori admitted .
a curious thing was happening .
the strange thing is , a few years ago i came across an old record .
darius had destroyed the vampire , but it had been a close thing .
i have traveled the world for more years than you can possibly conceive , and never once did i hope for such a thing .
you were not looking for such a thing , but it has happened .
he bent his head and found her mouth with his , easily , unerringly , as if it were the most natural , necessary thing in the world .
` ` do you realize how truly rare such a thing is , corinne ? ''
dayan could not allow such a thing .
` ` not if i was expecting such a thing .
the baby was at risk , and dayan , more than any other , knew the loss of her child was the one thing corinne would never accept .
brad was kneeling beside him , and the next thing i knew , he was on the ground and we were pinned down .
lately , when she 'd called him to her , he bore new scars , a strange thing in a dream where she was the conjurer and yet she could n't remember attributing new scars to him .
` ` it 's the last thing he 'll expect .
she might not have noticed so small a thing , but he stared for a long time at the ground where so many of the parasites had dropped when fleeing her bloodstream .
how many times had she limped her way back to this cave , cold and bloody and sore , and wished just for this one thing -- a massage .
his claiming was the most dominating thing she 'd ever experienced .
` ` i ca n't think how such a thing happened .
the interesting thing was , he found traces of solange 's pure royal blood .
i can help you through the pain if it comes to that , but i have heard it is a terrible thing to go through . ''
the last thing he remembered clearly was stepping in front of a pregnant carpathian woman , shielding mother and unborn child from a killer .
his tongue swept across her breast , making her shiver with need , his voice whispered again , and the strangest thing happened .
the conversion was the most frightening thing she could imagine , a dark , painful death and rebirth .
the next thing , i was running on the track , yet at the same time the woman was running through the trees with me - the baby . ''
it was the last thing she expected of a man as confident as manolito .
i have never heard of such a thing . ''
the sight of them , so in love , so bound to each other , made him long for the same thing with maryann .
he could n't compartmentalize ; he had to feel every blow , every sick , disgusting thing maryann had to endure .
` ` a mind merge is a wonderful thing , '' he pointed out .
and she continued to work on juliette 's toes , as if it was the most normal thing in the world .
she did n't know the process , but she knew loss of honor was the one thing every carpathian feared .
the strange things taking place in his body and mind were n't real , no matter how good the illusion was , but he closed his eyes and savored the hot lick of need rushing through his veins .
they had electricity and a backup generator but he was certain with the fierce storms they often got , downed trees often took out the electricity and all manner of things could happen to a generator .
was this what he had been searching for all over the world , through centuries , never knowing such a thing really existed ?
when one was used to such a thing , when emotions and color faded slowly , it was easier to bear , but losing it all so fast , one moment her warmth filling him , driving out shadow , and the next , being completely alone , was far more difficult than he had ever expected .
his conversation with stefan was blurred in his mind right now , but he knew one thing from it .
` ` gervase of tilbury mentions one interesting thing , '' stefan said , almost pleasantly .
and smiling , so faintly , as if glad to have this be the last thing he saw .
in all the centuries of their existence , such a thing had never happened .
nicolas had no experience with such a thing .
it must have been a conscience thing . ''
` ` you know very well there is no such thing .
it was a difficult thing to believe , yet she doubted rafael would lie about it .
it was such an impossible thing to believe .
` ` does this kind of thing happen often ? ''
i ' ve never seen such a thing . ''
she could n't imagine paul having to go through such a thing .
it did n't seem possible for anyone to recover from such a thing .
` ` in order for you to understand how such a thing is possible , i have to tell you about myself and my brothers .
i have not seen such a thing in centuries . ''
as he watched , the same thing happened in a half dozen other places , until he and vikirnoff were surrounded by a loose circle .
this thing , this great evil that xavier wrought , will not go quickly or quietly .
he had no idea how she did it , or why , when he was with her , the world was such a different place , filled with laughter and beauty and things he 'd never dreamt of .
and how could such a thing happen accidentally ?
it was a shocking reaction and the last thing she expected , given her precarious emotions .
you do n't look as if a single thing out of place happened . ''
` ` he bares his teeth , it is n't the same thing . ''
` ` how did such a thing happen ? ''
what a thing to ask me .
i think much the same thing happened with our people and the stories of the wizards . ''
` ` the only good thing that came out of that was it made jacques laugh .
i am going to narrow our vision to see one thing .
the last thing he needed was for eleanor to know he was describing her son 's attire to his lifemate .
the husky note in her voice as she uttered the enticement was the most sexually exciting thing he 'd ever experienced .
that 's such a little - boy thing to say . ''
it was the last thing she expected from marita .
says he orchestrated the whole thing . ''
a thing like this - such reckless , unspeakably savage anarchy - jeopardized all of their kind .
` ` a terrible , terrible thing , what happened to bobby .
she swiveled her head to see if claire was witnessing the same thing .
tavia 's giggles were the most miraculous thing he 'd ever heard .
the ferocity of what she was feeling in that moment was the most terrible thing he 'd ever known .
i can only remember one thing about the day i was chosen to be a bellator .
the last thing i can remember is moving to kill gabrielle .
my mind flickers back to the colony , the last thing i can remember .
the last thing i can remember is monarch saving me . ''
` ` how did you know about the kissing thing ? ''
` ` so if i kissed someone else the same thing would happen ? ''
` ` you should have told me about the healing thing before .
and that 's why i know that this is going to be the thing that pushes you over the edge . ''
he smells me , which is a weird little thing he does whenever blood is on me .
above it , reads cell 7 and i read it like it is the most natural thing in the world .
we dash into the darkness , side - by - side , and it 's the most natural thing i ' ve ever experienced .
two really strange things happening in the same night , in the same area .
` ` and if the thing you heard in the garden turnsup , we 'll take care of it , too , '' kestrel said .
holding absolutely still , she strained tohear any thing from outside .
it was a serious thing rowan was talking about .
but the most interesting thing was that allat once she seemed to have a new sense .
some thing about a black design ... . ` ` oh , god , '' she said .
the only thing mary - lynnette longed for wassomebody to understand ... ... to understand the night with you , a distant part ofher mind whispered .
mary - lynnette was trying very hard not to see ` ` things from ash 's point of view .
ash said , as if it were the most natural thing inthe world , ` ` i 'll go with you . ''
if she were , would n't she have taken the opportunity to work for black moon , the only remotely interesting thing about sylvia 's enterprises ?
the next thing rue knew , she was weeping , sitting on the floor with her legs crossed .
the one thing that seemed consistent in every account was the county sheriff 's conviction that it was a ritual murder .
it was a terrible thing that happened , and a dark cloud has been hanging over this town ever since .
and , too , he had to wonder if esme had imagined the whole thing .
i used to follow them around , hoping they 'd notice me , but the ironic thing was , even the outcasts did n't want me .
so it was the first thing i saw when i woke up in the morning . ''
` ` a minister at my father 's bedside is about the last thing i expected to see . ''
first thing you know , you done wait too late . ''
` ` but that kind of thing does n't happen in real life , does it ? ''
` ` this is n't a random thing .
i had n't been able to tell if the runner was a man or a woman , but one thing i was sure of : the runner was a supe , and i suspected he -- or she -- was a twoey .
when i realized he could make the whole thing stop at any time he chose , i lost my own temper .
` ` it 's a natural thing to wonder about , i guess , '' sam said dubiously .
but hunter has to visit the kindergarten next week , just a thing the school does every year so the kids will have a mental picture of the place they 're going in the fall .
but if you do he said to remember that it was a one time thing , not like a lamp , like in the story , with a lot of wishes .
that was the last thing i remembered for a few hours .
he was still naked , but i felt ridiculous making any kind of thing out of it .
i can cancel the thing for tonight .
the next thing i knew , i was waking up with sand in my mouth .
there 's no such thing as a fair bar brawl .
i had a new ` ` most horrible thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
its doors were standing open , and the first thing sam did was shut them to stop the dinging .
ivy was gone and had probably missed the entire thing .
more likely it was a ` ` do n't let the spell kill you on the way out '' kind of a thing .
this would be the first good thing to happen to me today , and i got up to look out the back door .
the only thing that brings any life to her is the taking of blood , and she 's so damned savage about it .
this bus thing is awful . ''
it was n't as if kotex made a pad for this kind of a thing .
hell , after what i just heard tonight , it might be the only thing to keep me from killing him . ''
lucan had bristled to hear about the whole thing , but no worse than tegan .
dragos had staged the entire thing , all for this purpose .
the only good thing to happen around the compound recently was the safe return of brock and jenna from alaska late last night .
hell , he 'd been pretty damned eager about the whole thing himself .
first thing she noticed ?
this was the last thing she 'd expected at her nephew 's birthday party .
this sort of thing happens . ''
` ` quil thinks it 's the coolest thing that 's ever happened to him .
they 're always showing offlike the cliff thing .
this was n't the kind of thing he usually allowed .
the first thing i realized was that i was not alone , and i turned to bury my face in edward 's chest , knowing the sweet scent of his skin would chase the nightmare away more effectively than anything else .
` ` the same thing that happened to your hand , '' jasper answered in a quiet voice .
i waved to edward before i got into the rabbit and , from that distance , it looked like he was truly upset about the honking thing ... or whatever jacob was thinking about .
i do n't have any experience with this kind of thing , but i thought it was pretty incredible myself . ''
` ` here 's the thing ...
` ` all of you just seem so convinced that the only thing i ' m going to be interested in , afterward , is slaughtering everyone in town , '' i confessed , while he winced at my choice of words .
exciting sometimes , like with this thing tomorrow .
` ` the worst part is that i saw the whole thing - our whole life .
what a silly thing to expect .
la notte 's proprietor probably forked over a good chunk of payola to justis so they 'd forget the whole thing .
` ` a woman saw the whole thing .
she nodded against his warm chest , wishing desperately for the same thing .
this revelation was the last thing he expected , and despite his keen mind , he struggled to make sense of all he was hearing .
but the thing that really put a jangle of alarm in kellan 's veins was the sight of mira standing directly in front of the council .
she knew bullets were hardly a sure thing in this fight either , but it was all she had .
if every thing goes well , the current law forbidding human entry into wolf clubs will be overturned . ''
this was exactly the sort of thing i did n't want her seeing .
one thing i did notice was the fact that there did n't seem to be any vamps here .
` ` an easy thing to arrange if you 're a face - shifter . ''
i could take on other shapes , and that was the one thing i 'd been absolutely hoping would never , ever happen .
but never could sophronia believe such a thing actually possible .
said she to sophronia , as though sophronia 's appearance in the cab were the most delightful thing to happen all day .
instead of going down , as sophronia assumed one would in order to contact an engine room , he did the most extraordinary thing .
a lady of qualit - tay does not mention such a thing out loud . ''
what a thing to go through life without books .
` ` you forgot all about that shallow , self - centered human who does n't know a good thing when she bites him on his - ` ` he looked at ivy .
` ` that 's the damnedest thing , '' he said softly , a puzzled arch to his eyebrow .
` ` fantastic , '' i said , not thinking it necessary to tell him i was sitting next to the guy who had arranged the whole thing .
he was a vampire , and that was n't an easy thing to be - it was n't an excuse , it was a fact .
` ` that kind of thing would kill most people , never mind most vampires . ''
` ` i had forgotten that such a thing could happen , though now i think on it , it is very possible .
` ` weird that we got through the entire thing , and i did n't have to hit anybody . ''
it was the strangest thing to read those words of oscar wilde at the beginning of the picture of dorian gray , and think of myrnin saying them , because it was eerily like the kind of explanation he 'd give .
claire smiled and folded up the phone , and refocused on the professor , who had n't noticed a thing .
the last person , though , was a human - an older guy dressed in a black tailored leather jacket and jeans - kind of like business tough , if there was such a thing .
` ` yeah , here 's the thing .
kim got herself together before eve could see the same thing claire had noticed .
claire considered running , but not if kim was planning on gleefully filming the whole thing .
` ` it 's not the kind of thing you get wrong , '' claire said .
watching everything , every private thing - ` ` ` ` no , '' eve said .
the only reason she knew they were at german 's tire plant was that the weapons bag shane had brought contained flashlights , and one of the first things claire 's lit up was the spooky clown face graffitied around a big open maw of a doorway .
` ` oh yeah ... hmm ... seems like a silly thing to get mad over . ''
` ` the only thing i felt was a lot of wind . ''
` ` that 's the weirdest thing , '' aislin remarks , impressed .
` ` so what was up with the snake thing ? ''
` ` and the snake thing was from the serpent 's mark on my back . ''
the last thing i see is a smile on the queen 's face .
dragging their legs , they enclose around evan and the last thing i hear from him is a painful scream .
` ` oh yeah , and i forgot to tell you that , that little thing we were talking about is going to happen tonight . ''
` ` to stop the thing from happening . ''
she was staring into space , thinking about serena star and eating a yogurt , when some- thing in the next room caught her eye : a sparkling feather was sticking out from the top shelf of the tall glass cabinet where her parents kept the good china .
it was strange , because in lots of ways , it had been a terrible day : from first thing this morning , when serena star had tried to implicate her on national tv , to her failure to learn anything at the adoption agency .
shane 's arm pressed against hers , a deliberate kind of thing , and she knew if his hands were n't full , he 'd have put his arms around her .
` ` i did n't exactly get any instant upgrade on knowledge when i - when i changed , but i ' m damn sure of one thing .
` ` you 're going to that ball thing , '' claire said .
about this masked - ball thing .
` ` i ' m going to this thing tonight , '' he said .
` ` funny , i could have sworn you 'd be amelie 's first choice to parade around at a thing like this .
` ` i ' ve had the oddest thing happen . ''
there was that head - turning thing again .
it would be incredible , the best thing i 'd ever felt .
but the oddest thing by far had been watching jenks teach jax how to read .
i abruptly felt twice as unsure , not having known there was such a thing .
she had put on some makeup , seeing as we were out here for a last supper kind a thing , and she looked more predatorial than usual in her leather pants , clingy shirt , and boots .
i had held peter while he died , knowing it was wrong but the only thing that would be right .
crap , she 'd seen the entire thing .
ivy said it was a cat thing .
his eyes widened , and a small part of me was reassured that he had n't seen the entire thing and was hiding the fact .
` ` that was the damnedest thing i ' ve ever seen ! ''
stars exploded , and i think i passed out , because the next thing i knew , minias was bending over me .
anyone else might have misunderstood the fleeting , deep - seated terror , but i 'd had that thing in my thoughts .
okay , i could n't actually see any frogs because at that very moment brenda went around a corner on two wheels , aunt tabby screamed , and some- thing rattly happened to sir horace .
one thing a detective should never do is blow her cover .
i was about to bang on the little driver 's window that looks into the back of the van and get aunt tabby to stop when i saw the weirdest thing .
but the certainty that my brother was in some sort of trouble , combined with the fact that i had a hunky naked vampire sitting outside my door , up to god knew what , pretty much ensured that sleep was the one thing i could n't find after an hour of tossing and turning , i gave up and got up .
he could have so easily hauled me out of the doorway had he intended me harm but the only thing he did was wrap his long , strong fingers around mine and squeeze lightly .
` ` heading to the change room first thing . ''
i hit the ground with a grunt , gasping for breath as the blackness rushed in the last thing i remember seeing were the hands that reached for me awareness returned slowly .
the only thing to find were the small blurs of heat going through the rubbish bins that lined the back of the building ahead ` ` rats , '' i muttered , my stomach turning as i remembered a drunken teenage eating dare and the resulting days of sickness ` ` if rats are all we find , i 'll be happy . ''
his hair was -- as usual -- mussed , hanging long around his face , and he smelled like barbecue and wood smoke , and his smile was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen .
she blinked , watched the whole thing for a while , decided that it was n't going to blow up or boil over , and went back to where shane was pretending to snore on the other side of the portal .
` ` cory -- you know , the girl from the uc coffee bar , the one who is n't a butthead ? -- she 's going to this rave thing , and i promised her i 'd go with , just so she does n't feel so weird .
she 'd gotten used to its not doing this kind of thing anymore ; the glass house had always seemed to have a kind of presence to them , something that reflected their feelings , their fears ... but it had died with the portal system .
wires went everywhere , looping into snarls , and he 'd used so many colors of wire that the whole thing had a strange rainbow look to it that made even less sense .
next thing , you 'll be telling mom you 're sorry for messing up the carpet by falling on it . ''
that last thing i took you to was totally sick ! ''
he threw open the door to the parking garage and the next thing she knew , she was being tossed into the back of the death limo and eve was peeling out of the garage like her tailpipe had caught fire .
it was a quiet kind of thing , a little awkward , as if none of them knew where to start .
the funniest thing of all happened when we got to the landing .
the last thing we showed mathilda , ned , and jed was the ghost - in - the - bath - bathroom .
when they could eat no more , they had a food fight with what was left -- and then they began to feel really ill . that is the last thing they remember until they woke up as ghosts -- or poltergeists .
that is the last thing i remember .
and the funny thing was they were n't making any noise .
and then the loveliest thing happened .
then the most amazing thing happened all the castle ghosts followed them !
she 'd thought when she was a kid that getting laughed at was the worst thing , and then - after the first couple of school - yard showdowns - getting hit jumped up to number one .
she later remembered only one more thing , in the darkness : monica 's voice , a low and vicious whisper .
claire turned that over in her mind for a few seconds as eve left the room and shut the door , and then her mind wandered off in happy clouds of noticing the softness of the pillow and how good the bed felt , and how crisp the sheets were ... . she dreamed about the strangest thing : a silent room , with someone pale and quiet sitting on a velvet sofa , turning pages in a book and weeping .
she might have blacked out a little , because next thing she knew , she was sitting on the couch , next to michael 's guitar case , and she felt kind of funny .
you ca n't go back if this kind of thing happens . ''
that lab accident thing , that was nothing , really .
that was absolutely the scariest thing claire had ever seen , that and the sincerity in his eyes .
he hugged her back , like it was the most natural thing in the world .
the scary thing was that nick was right .
` ` rachel , i promise i 'll take it over first thing tomorrow .
passing out in a church is one thing ; having a consecrated cross touch your skin is another .
he had watched the entire thing .
i can not deem such a thing feasible .
` ` oh , alexia , what a thing to say out loud ! ''
really , pregnancy was the most undignified thing she had ever had to endure in all her life , and for several years alexia tarabotti had been a confirmed spinster living with the loontwills - a most undignified state - so that was saying something .
coincidence was a fateful thing .
it was an eerie thing to watch , likes soap suds in water curling down a sink .
floote , unflappable , backed away from his intimate proximity to the french inventor as though it were the most natural thing in the world .
a truly startling thing to see .
lord ambrose could not turn the carriage around , even if the high hedges permitted such a thing , for behind them the massive metal creature barred the way .
every one showed the same thing : a group of prodigium gathered on the front porch .
chapter 7 as soon as the lights went out , i expected that usual thing that happens when a teacher turns off the lights : laughter , oooohs , and the rustling of clothing and squeaking of chairs that tells you people are scooting closer together , probably to make out .
normally when this kind of thing happens in movies , the girlfriend is glaring down at the other girl with bright green jealousy , but since elodie was a goddess , and i was , well , not , she did n't look even the littlest bit threatened .
` ` it 's a sacred thing for a witch , that first spell .
` ` believe it or not , it 's not the weirdest thing i ' ve seen this evening . ''
but for some reason , hearing that there was yet another thing i did n't know just sent me right on over the edge .
so we started talking over the summer , about hecate and holly , and one thing led to another ... '' ` ` and you can spare me the gory details , '' i said with a smile even as something painful twisted in my chest a little .
` ` that , '' i pronounced , ` ` was the most awesome thing ever .
and the thing that really bothered me was that i had n't used my curse on her dress .
chapter 28 i 'd figured that elodie would n't want to go back with me to see alice again after the ` ` my gaping chest wound , let me show you it '' thing , but she surprised me by meeting me on the stairs the next night .
but it 's also true that we would know if such a thing was on school grounds . ''
there are a lot of freaky things witches and warlocks do , obviously , but the arranged marriage thing was one of the grossest .
the next thing i knew , someone was shaking me , and a shout was echoing in my ears .
it would n't be an easy thing to explain away in the human world , but i was hoping ` ` crazy spring break '' might work .
i wanted to ask her if she 'd had any sense of the horrible thing that was about to happen to her , if she had wandered the hal s of thorne feeling the same sick feeling of dread that coiled inside me .
as far as jokes went , it was n't exactly stel ar , but the three council members laughed like it was the funniest thing they 'd ever heard .
we 'd laughed through the whole thing , and i remembered how badly my cheeks ached as i 'd smiled up into those dark eyes .
unleashing a book that contained the darkest magic in the whole wide world could never be seen as a good thing , you know ?
as i lurched sideways and gave in to unconsciousness , the last thing i saw was the book fal ing to the floor , its cover opening to reveal a jagged edge of paper .
one little thing and you feel like you ' ve lost that person al over again .
i heard dad or cal shout , and the next thing i knew , i was on my back , a painful stinging sensation in my shoulder .
there was one good thing that had come out of nearly being shish kebabbed ; jenna started talking to me again .
` ` simon trained me as a warlock and as an eye , and i spent summers in rome with l'occhio di dio , learning sword fighting , attack maneuvers , that kind of thing . ''
you take this bus instead of that one and end up meeting your soul mate , that kind of thing .
the thing i 'd felt coming was final y here .
` ` glancing over at me , he squinted and asked , ` ` is that a thing humans actual y do ? ''
the whole thing had happened in less than a second .
next to me , archer wiggled his own fingers , and the same thing happened to his magic .
i felt firm hands on my shoulders , and the next thing i knew , i was sitting up and leaning against archer 's chest .
but before i could , i saw the tell tale flash out of the corner of my eye , and the next thing i knew , my arm was jerking out of his grasp .
the next thing i knew , i was pitching forward into archer 's arms , my head swimming .
and then the scene abruptly went black , and the next thing i knew , i was back in lara 's office , panting in my chair .
` ` see , the thing is , i ' m pretty sure i could make a boat .
` ` oh , some weird thing about telling you that he still feels the same way about that tent , and he promises to say it to you in person next time he sees you . ''
in fact , their apparent reconciliation was maybe the one good thing to come out of this whole mess .
there are all kinds of spells for that sort of thing . ''
` ` a little knowledge is a ... dangerous thing , '' harkat muttered .
` ` okay ... '' ` ` and there 's another weird thing , even though it 's not as obvious .
it came from morgead , a shockwave of telepathic energy that struck her like a physical thing .
` ` it was just supposed to be a ritual thing , but you lost control .
jez bit her lip slowly , watching the strange thing blossom on the tv again .
but there was one thing jez had n't thought of .
` ` the thing is that we ca n't just keep yelling at you .
` ` you know the really insane thing ?
this was no random thing .
the only thing she was frightened of was seeing disgust in his eyes - but she still had to tell him .
` ` i think morgead was right about one thing .
` ` i do n't want to miss a thing . ''
she tried to muster the strength to resist , but then this man began to rock with her - as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
when she 'd done the same to him , one thing led to another .
if it was n't one thing , it was another , and now it was time to check in with home base .
` ` sand , '' she answered , as if it was the most natural thing in the world to rub a potentially bacteria - infested clump of mud into an injury .
this very thing had happened his first night here , so he knew what was coming .
erik is the peacemaker and hard to rile , but once he 's mad , '' gray gave a mock shudder , ` ` the wrath of erik is a terrible thing . ''
until that thing happened with claire ... look , i never meant -- she was n't part of it .
he was ; that was the awful thing .
from the expression on eve 's face , it was just about the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen , too .
oliver checked the car 's mirrors with the ease of long practice , eased the car back on the road , and the whole thing settled into a steady , rolling rhythm .
` ` hate to see this kind of thing happen , '' she said again .
` ` i guess we 'd better go in and make sure she does n't pay him even more money , '' shane said , ` ` because you know she would , for this thing . ''
` ` a very sad thing when you 're as addicted as i am . ''
` ` thing is , i think that 's why he 's back .
are you saying the same thing has happened to you ? ''
whatever this thing was , there was no vampire in the mix .
` ` if i truly wanted to annoy him , i would have taken you somewhere closer , somewhere his vampire senses could feel every little glorious thing i intend to do to you . ''
` ` the thing is , that suckhead i chased down there fought like a demon .
` ` if a suckhead wants to get in my shit -- crimson eater or rogue -- he 's got one thing to look forward to : death .
something about a fancy art thing tomorrow night ?
` ` so , what should i wear to this thing , anyway ? ''
but there was one thing he was absolutely sure of ...
` ` i ' m telling you , i saw the whole thing .
the unlocked front door was n't exactly the strangest thing she had discovered , the twin welts below her ear took that prize , no contest .
getting intimate with a practical stranger was seldom a good idea , but gabrielle had the terrible feeling that it would be a very easy thing to lose her heart to a man like lucan thorne .
to tell you the truth , i was getting a little nervous about the whole thing , but it was cool .
` ` why would you want to have a beautiful reminder of such a terrible thing ? ''
it was the last thing claire wanted for him .
one strange thing nagged at claire , but she could n't think what it was ... ` ` those are vampire cars , '' hannah said .
` ` same thing happened in tulsa in 1921 .
the worst thing that happened to me was that i had to pull over and let a bunch of vampires off the bus , or they 'd have ripped right through the walls .
we nearly got boxed in by a bunch of drunk idiots in pickup trucks , and then the vampires in the bloodmobile went nuts -- that call thing going off , i guess .
the refugees were all out now , leaving a house that badly needed picking up and cleaning -- not that anybody had gone out of their way to trash the place , but with that many people coming and going , things happened .
she had met them -- in that museum thing , when they 'd been on the way to rescue myrnin .
and you 're going to get to see the whole thing , up close .
the last thing she wanted was shane racing to the rescue and taking on a guy who 'd stabbed him , and a vampire who 'd led him around by a leash .
glad i put on my seat belt , she thought , which was a weird thing to think , as eve 's car hydroplaned right into the truck .
` ` damn , i was really hoping that was n't true , the train thing -- '' ` ` heads down ! ''
` ` actually , i suppose it 's not the sort of thing you talk about in front of children .
next thing he would discover was that she was a ghost who had died in a tragic pillow avalanche .
quickly , she ducked under a black hood , and the whole thing flashed like a shooting star .
the next thing she knew , he was embracing her , his mouth kissing her lips once , very tenderly , then moving to her neck .
but the only thing he heard was angelina 's voice in his mind .
i know one thing you have nt seen : our schools winning soccer team .
anyway , after the mortal gained consciousness , he said the last thing he remembered was a beautiful blonde with huge br**sts who approached his campfire at night and asked for help .
` ` i know you hate vampires , brynley , but it 's really the best thing that ever happened to me .
` ` my father set the whole thing up . ''
best thing that ever happened to me , actually .
this was the last thing she expected .
he 'd heard the soldier abusing leah , and the next thing he knew , he was choking the bastard .
` ` we came in , prepared to fire our weapons , but the next thing we knew , he was gone and leah was missing . ''
the thing was , if xhex had been killed that night , they would have found a body .
` ` last thing i knew , rehv was living at the compound with you . ''
i heard the thing . ''
the thing was , lash had bought it out of foreclosure because they were going to need places to make meth and the pos had a large basement .
i must have fallen asleep ... because the next thing i knew i had this dream -- '' oh , for god 's sake .
outside , he got up on the hospital bed first and it felt like the most natural thing in the world for him to open his arms wide .
if they were going to get into a thing , no sense doing it out in the corridor for people to see or hear .
the thing was , no matter how big or strong his body got , he 'd never shed the reality of how weak he 'd once been .
` ` the worst thing that can happen is that i die in the pursuit of an innocent -- and that is the very best way to go .
it was entirely possible that john passed out from the pain , because next thing he knew , the self - proclaimed ` ` piece of meat '' was picking him up to carry him out of the house .
man , if there was one thing guaranteed to get a doggen all turned around , it was a bid to pitch in .
but it was kind of a parallel to her murdering for hire -- ultimately not a healthy thing for all involved .
before he totally freaked out and rocked a multiple personality disorder , he stepped back from the balustrade -- and the whole homicidal thing .
exactly the kind of thing that would have knocked her flat and put ` ` paid '' to her coffin .
and the shedding of those ugly , jeweled robes of self - inflation had been the only good thing that had come out of it all .
guess i ' m just bred to want to get a rise out of folks - probably the whole resurrection thing . ''
just one more thing to mourn .
not the kind of thing tohr needed to see .
` ` you know , that whole bonding thing ...
rubbing his eyes , he wondered if he 'd imagined the whole thing .
and come back to me first thing tomorrow night .
no'one woke up to a great , horrifying scream , the kind of thing that accompanied bloody murder .
zypher turned his knife back and forth , the candlelight on its blade a beautiful thing , as lovely as when it fell upon the skin of a female 's inner thigh .
one more thing to mourn .
the clues had been there for months , but as was rather often the case , when you were going about your life , you misinterpreted the guideposts , misread the compass needle 's position , mistook one thing for another .
her sex , which had been throbbing a bit ever since tohr and she had been together for those rough , intense matings before he 'd left , gained its own proper heartbeat , the core of her begging for the only thing that would give it relief .
he was having trouble breathing , and ... '' layla fixated on the moon pie as if it were a screen , as if she were remembering every single thing that had happened .
the muffled thumping that followed could only mean one thing .
it seemed odd to have such a potentially momentous thing occurring in her own body , and to be as yet unaware of the particulars .
in fact , the only thing that cut through the din was the tink - tink - tink of v pounding a hammer on red - hot black metal .
it was the kind of thing he 'd been intimately familiar with for most of his life - and also an utter shock .
among the galling shockers of the whole thing was the fact that jane had saved so many people who 'd been in car wrecks .
it was a total blink - of - the - eye kind of thing .
as the undead saw stars and made like a welcome mat for future garbage hauls , butch pivoted around , and was ready to end this thing - except surprise , surprise , v had decided to wake up and take care of biz .
v bent at the waist and braced his palms on his knees , but clearly that was n't enough relief from the agony he was in : next thing butch knew , the brother went down on his knees next to the slayer he 'd gutted and just ... breathed .
one thing that was true about her hellren , one thing you could always take to the bank , was that vishous did n't lie .
the last thing he did was grab his ipod and put it in his ears .
and though a lot of it was disappointing and anxious - making , there was one thing that just did n't make sense .
except ... the only thing worse would be his not coming back from that dark side of himself .
when he came to the recovery room , he did n't knock , but - as he stepped inside , the first thing he saw was the hypodermic needle .
the next thing was that it was about to change hands , going from his shellan 's to his twin 's .
next thing v knew , something cold was rubbing on the juncture of his arm ; then there was a prick , and shortly thereafter , he went on a little ride , his body turning into a cotton ball , all light and airy .
in her eyes was stark terror , as if the single worst thing that she could imagine was him in agony ... . thirty - two up at the mansion , in qhuinn 's bedroom , there was nothing but a whole lot of silence - which was typical when you dropped a bomb , be it real or metaphorical .
next thing he knew , butch was using the copper key to open the way into the penthouse .
` ` qhuinn , you would n't be interrupting a thing . ''
so that was going to lead to one and only one thing .
next thing she knew , her knees were up at her ears and the one with the cash was going for broke in the best possible way .
and the strangest thing ?
that 's why i ... she glanced down , still finding it difficult to speak about the thing that motivated her to leave the darkhaven and begin another life .
when she woke up in the middle of a large , silk - covered bed in a darkened room that looked like an upscale european bed - and - breakfast suite , she wondered if she 'd dreamt the whole thing .
looking at him now , she had to wonder if she 'd imagined the whole thing .
it was a reckless slip , and the interruption was likely the only thing that saved rio 's prey from an out of control feeding that might have meant his death .
my contact said the poor bastard was returning from the opera or the ballet or some damn thing , and while he was waiting at a traffic light , someone popped him in the head and vanished before the driver even realized what had happened .
the feel of rio 's body pressed so intimately against hers had been the hottest thing she 'd ever known .
she screamed his name as her orgasm overtook her , and it was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever known .
` ` sam was old enough to survive such a thing -- but only barely .
` ` weirdest thing , i heard your voice today .
the thing is , he 's not keeping most of them .
shane did that thing where he looked at eve too long , and did n't blink .
heard about that thing with shane .
` ` but anyway , he could n't have said -- ` ` things clicked into place , and the pattern looked bad .
and then next thing - oh , lor ' ... that reminded her .
` ` now there 's a thing .
funny thing , but it looks like the writer man did n't spot it was the prince .
these frail blossoms are all very well in their way , for i know the fashion these days is for ladies with less meat on 'em than a butcher 's pencil , but a gentleman such as me , who has been around the world and seen a thing or two , well , he learns the value of ...
but polly was sure of one thing .
` ` yeah , but ... well , that sort of thing does n't happen to people you know , '' said tonker .
i seem to recall that the same thing happened to wrigglesworth - ` ` ` ` sir - ` ` ` ` - although i have to say he was very good at choosing curtains - ` ` ` ` no , sir .
but in your case you would be on parole in a house in zlobenia , very pleasant i understand , healthy walks in the countryside and all that sort of thing .
death by modesty , a terrible thing .
this was not a fairy - tale castle and there was no such thing as a fairy - tale ending , but sometimes you could threaten to kick the handsome prince in the ham - and - eggs .
` ` funny thing , really , '' she said , at last .
` ` yeah , that sort of thing , '' said jackrum , grinning .
whatever her game was , i did n't know , but i did know one thing .
somehow , the entity had possessed them all , simultaneously - and it was a heinous , horrible thing to see .
it was a sensual - erotic thing ; they symbolized him giving up control to her .
her sexy little whimper and wiggle were the most erotic thing he 'd ever experienced .
` ` ... club thing going on .
` ` but this is the best thing that ever happened to me .
` ` sororities in the seventies practicing black magic , that kind of thing . ''
shal ow graves , bonfires , that kind of thing . ''
` ` it 's always blood for this kind of thing , have you noticed ? ''
it 's very odd and i ' ve never experienced such a thing .
the only thing we are certain of is that brennan is apollo 's son . ''
the only thing hecate fears is losing you .
` ` such a thing is possible ? ''
but i had never considered that my father might arrange for just such a thing to be so .
so i turned the key and the best thing ever hap- pened -- a secret door swung open .
here 's the thing about the string .
but the best thing of all was that when i looked down , i could see the balcony was right above the floor in front of the doormat where people who have never been to the house always stop and stare .
` ` and this ... cycling thing , ` ` he said .
it was the best thing i 'd seen all day .
from her expression , she was up to exactly the kind of thing i 'd been hoping to avoid .
` ` tonight is exactly the kind of thing that he fears the most .
` ` honey , you 're not the first person to go through this kind of thing , you know . ''
he said it was the scariest thing he 'd seen in years . ''
i squeezed my eyes shut and the next thing i next i knew , it was morning .
i 'd already lived through the worst thing possible .
` ` the usualslave for life , that kind of thing . ''
sam uley is the best thing that ever happened to this place , as far as he 's concerned . ''
the first thing i noticed was his hairhis beautiful hair was all gone , cropped quite short , covering his head with an inky gloss like black satin .
` ` when i changed , it was the most horrible , the most terrifying thing i ' ve ever been throughworse than anything i could have imagined .
` ` that 's the kind of thing we need to know about .
` ` hey , are you okay about the whole thing with the black - haired bloodsucker in the meadow ?
` ` wolf thing , '' jacob whispered .
` ` come down first thing . ''
` ` i ' m fascinated that you are the one exception to edward 's impressive talentso very interesting that such a thing should occur !
i blinked twice , desperately trying to remember the last thing that i was sure was real .
` ` i ' ve never heard of such a thing ! ''
i could not imagine such a thing when i was awake , but in these dreams i was the monster that romans called the lamia .
it was not a likely thing , by any means , and we were so far from rome , and i had lived so long in my father 's house , happily reprieved by him from banquets and suppers , and even ceremonial gatherings .
` ` how could this stupid thing have happened ! ''
` ` go back to your history , this stack of lies that tries to link event to event with cause and effect , this preposterous faith that postulates that one thing follows from another .
the most amazing thing had happened to this religion .
then the very worst thing happened , something we had both feared in one form or another .
` ` at least , you could have told us after the whole thing with klaus and katherine , '' he amended .
the strangest thing happened while we were talking .
here 's the thing : for a long time , out of millions , there was one human damon cared about .
` ` i hate having to be extracareful because of some dark thing that we do n't know anything about .
` ` but when elena was dead , '' alaric reminded her , ` ` the worst thing he could imagine had already happened .
we should find out if there 's a recorded history of this kind of thing happening before .
i think the worst thing that could happen to her is she'l be bored . ''
` ` you think that being bored 's the worst thing that could happen to her ... oh , at least until it drains al her life force ?
after the world tree was destroyed , sage said things changed , which would make sense if an original phantom managed to escape as things shifted after the destruction . ''
the thing is , even though it 's just a water pistol , toy guns that look as real as that are illegal in manhattan .
and i feel so peaceful , so serene - something i have n't felt in years , not since mom left - that my eyelids drift closed ... and the next thing i know , something cold and wet hits me in the neck .
` ` there 's no such thing as deathlip . ''
the geeks wandered off in a blissful daze and miranda decided this was the weirdest thing she 'd ever seen .
i think you should stop obsessing about some mystery thing that is ancient history and live in the mo . ''
the dresses had this really cool thing happening , like they were being peeled back layer by layer as they rose up the body , from tons of fabric on the bottom to just a thin layer on top .
` ` you 're the coolest thing that ever happened to me . ''
the only thing to be heard was the galloping of my heart .
he did n't seem the type to work for scum like starr , which was an odd thing to think about someone i 'd barely met .
` ` what was that thing with her ? ''
a rare thing , i ' m discovering . ''
well , at least nerida 's action had achieved one good thing .
not an easy thing to conceal in a forest .
still , there was one thing i had n't counted on : the wrought - iron gate was locked .
` ` i was n't sure ... with the whole bat thing happening . ''
unlike mom , torin did n't frown through the entire thing .
this is actually a school - sanctioned thing , so it counts for extracurricular stuff on college applications . ''
the frog and barbie thing is odd , but- '' mom held up a hand .
crap , was that a thing girls who were friends were supposed to do with one another ?
mom and i are having a thing right now . ''
` ` the rat thing was like thirty years ago , according to my nana .
it 's got some kind of love spell thing happening .
because i ' m a monster hunter and this whole thing was just a job and i have to tell my mom that dex is n't really prodigium soon and then she 'll make us leave .
chapter 28 first thing sunday morning i faked an upset stomach and left romy 's .
i 'd kept a close eye on him since the locker thing , but so far there had been no sign of mary .
that 's a thing that really happens , and my nana was one . ''
` ` sorry about the doctor thing , '' poppy said .
` ` i promise you ; if there 's some thing wrong , we 'll do anything and everything to fix it .
` ` there 's another thing you should know , '' jameswas saying .
it was the realest thing that she 'd everexperienced .
` ` that 's one thing i found out from talking to you , '' headded , speaking to james without looking at him .
thehardest thing was that phil had to keep looking atpoppy , and every time he looked , his heart lurched.she looked so tiny , so delicate - limbed .
` ` i do n't like thisyuppy thing of taking on human names , do you ?
he did n't understand what was going on , but hecould see one thing .
the joshua trees were strangely beautiful , but alsothe closest thing to a plant made up of tentacles as she 'd ever seen .
thenext thing she knew she was drinking .
she could picture the whole thing : herself being dragged out in front of all of those sleek and handsome night people and revealed .
i do n't know how this kind of awful thing could have happened to them .
` ` a horrible thing , '' said another detached voice in the crowd , shrill with panic .
it was the worst thing i ' ve ever witnessed .
` ` i was wondering if we could talk about that thing i mentioned last week , '' i ask , shifting the box onto my hip , hoping she does n't notice that i ' m lying .
the last thing i see is alex 's body sinking lifelessly into the snow , then screeches envelop around me as a blanket of ice encircles my body , crushing my skin into my bones .
` ` there 's this thing , '' his lips graze my collar bone and warmth centers to my heart and stills it , ` ` that not all vampires can do that 's called venenatorum osculum . ''
the next thing i know , we 're racing down the hallway and the ice is chasing us .
the last thing i see is alex 's green eyes , then my legs and arms go inert and my heart dies with them .
` ` because the last thing i can remember ... '' i trail off , aiming him a dirty look .
the last thing i can remember is alex holding the rock in front of me and then seeing images of what i 'd be missing out on , or what i thought i 'd be missing out on .
before i can respond , he dismounts from the windowsill and , the next thing i know , i ' m falling .
the first thing i notice is that the air smells less smoky .
he 's being so cooperative and the surprising thing is that he seems genuinely nice at the moment .
i think , anyway '' at least with the first thing i saw .
` ` jesus , one minute you were sitting here and the next thing you fell over . ''
` ` for a second i thought i was just remembering stuff about my childhood , but then , the next thing i knew , i 'd entered a vision about my past . ''
` ` the first thing that 's going to happen is i ' m going to go into a vision with you , '' nicholas explains , sitting up straight .
i ' ve never heard of such a thing ... why do you ask ? ''
i do n't have an answer for either since the last thing i can remember is sinking into the dirt .
` ` you can take the blame for this one , but the next thing we screw up together is all on me . ''
such a beautiful thing , watching someone 's soul getting detached , '' he muses .
he glanced at me once , fleetingly , and i saw the same thing in his expression that i 'd seen in merla 's c sorrow for the loss of their son , hatred for steve and his gang , but only pity for me .
i was wrong , but it was a close - run thing .
` ` he travels to the past when they have just died and robs their graves , '' she said , as though it was the most casual thing in the world .
it was such a remarkable thing to happen - in the middle of the park , by the airfield , and without any introduction - that alexia answered in spite of herself .
it was a most indelicate thing , but there miss alexia tarabotti inexplicably found herself , bustle hiked up and all her layers of skirts askew , sitting in lord maccon 's well - tailored lap .
professor lyall took in his alpha 's disheveled appearance , wondering what atrocious thing had been done to his poor cravat .
rarely was such a thing to be seen , for while werewolves often brawled , vampires generally preferred subtler methods of confrontation .
the most peculiar thing resulted .
the most remarkable thing then occurred .
as far as miss tarabotti was concerned , the worst thing to result from the whole sordid affair was that , although both club premises and lord akeldama 's house had been searched top to bottom , bur never did recover her brass parasol .
but it was by far the most terrifying thing she had ever witnessed .
the world was changing around her , and it was the most disorienting thing she 'd ever experienced .
she could think of only one thing : she did n't want to be alone .
he knew then that she had seen the same thing he had , the same corridor of time .
and then the strangest thing of all happened .
she could feel herself blinking , but she could only see one thing .
it was the most frightening thing she had ever imagined .
` ` i should have known she 'd find them first thing , '' thea muttered .
the first thing thea noticed in the workshop was that blaise had taken her new project with her .
` ` urn , listen , there 's one good thing i just thought of - we may have a little time .
only one thing went wrong .
or quinn , he likes that kind of thing .
ivy could think of only one thing more painful than unrequited love , and it was hearing charlotte brown babble on about herself .
she could n't imagine any- thing more devastating than brendan daniels see- ing her and noticing that her ear was all brown .
the only thing that will definitely ruin that is if you blow him off . ''
clearly this thing was a total secret , olivia decided .
` ` what 's the most important thing to remember when you cheer ? ''
this is like the most a - positive thing that 's ever happened to him . ''
after all , cheerleading tryouts were in less than twenty - four hours , and olivia needed to be ready for any- thing -- especially if she was going to go head to head with charlotte brown .
` ` the chess team is using the gym or some- thing ! ''
we can have another look around the place , chase down your two runners , and scrub their memories of the whole thing . ''
` ` i told him i wanted to live , and the last thing i remember is him slicing open his arm and removing that thing -- that tiny bit of god - knows - what -- that 's now embedded inside of me . ''
this thing in the back of my neck . ''
the only thing that made hunter flinch was the soft shuffle of slippered feet that sounded from the corridor outside .
of all the things that had happened to her between the invasion of her cabin home by the ancient and her current , unexpected -- although not unbearable -- embrace by everyone in the order 's headquarters , brock was proving to be the one thing she was least prepared to deal with .
she seemed unfazed by the whole thing , cool and collected , the total professional .
she had n't dared enter a church or touch anything religious since her turning for fear of bursting into flames or some such thing like in the movies .
apparently , he 'd been rather excited at the idea of a gold - finger - type immortal , plotting to take over the world or some such thing by spreading his blood around .
the next thing i knew we were rolling .
` ` and you said to tell you the next thing i remember .
` ` i 'll call him first thing in the morning , then .
they 're on the committee for this thing . ''
then he asked , ` ` is laughing a good thing or bad ? ''
still , this was the last thing katricia had expected when marguerite had invited her to join the family for christmas .
the next thing she 'd known she and her luggage had been bundled in an suv with the directions already on the gps and she 'd been on her way .
but it had been a while ... and there was just something about katricia that - well , basically , his gun was loaded and half - cocked just from looking at her ... and was n't that the saddest thing in the world ?
when he caught katricia 's raised eyebrows , he shrugged and pulled out the bottle inside , explaining , ` ` it 's the same thing every year .
for immortals to enjoy that kind of thing even briefly , they had to actually consume the blood of an intoxicated mortal .
the last thing she 'd expected was to find him - ` ` oh god , '' she gasped , her thoughts scattering as teddy pushed a finger up into her even as he continued with what he was doing .
mindful of what was essential and nonessential in the alchemist world , i was on the verge of deleting the message , but ... one thing made me hesitate .
his reaction was probably the most surprising thing to happen today .
dimitri looked surprised , which was not a common thing .
micah had gone a long way to distract her on the romantic front , but having your last boyfriend want to become a bloodthirsty monster could n't be an easy thing to get over .
the latte brayden had made me was pretty good , so i was willing to give him the benefit of a doubt on the shakespeare thing .
` ` it 's a religious thing , '' i said , knowing trey would n't quiz me for many details on our ` ` faith . ''
` ` both sonya and i have training in this sort of thing , '' he added , trying to reassure me .
although ... '' and that 's when the next crazy thing happened .
` ` the other thing that bothered me ... well , he said all that in front of you . ''
then , a strange thing happened .
the italian place had had pomegranate , which kind of sounded like the best thing ever .
the last thing i saw was the flash of the cross in the sunlight , just before i covered my eyes with the blindfold .
the only thing i was certain of was when we got on i-10 , simply because of the feel of the freeway .
the only thing i could tell for sure was that i was no longer adjacent to the arena .
the crazy thing was , unless someone locked away like keith counted , there were no ` ` ex - alchemists . ''
for him , the only thing better than an open bar would be a case of cigarettes showing up at his door .
then , the most astonishing thing happened .
the big , mind - blowing thing that 's going to unveil an alchemist - warrior conspiracy . ''
from her dreamy expression , you 'd think eddie blushing was the most amazing thing she 'd ever witnessed .
and i ' ve gotten better around them , but sometimes the stress is just unbearable - and then when i heard this thing about the warriors , i cracked .
we were still waiting to hear their verdict on coverage , but one thing they did n't report finding was any sign of human remains .
the whole thing had been over within a moment .
first off , he 'd most likely have been thought mad , and second , the whole thing had fascinated him .
buy gas , get the raft half price kind of thing , so i picked it up .
or first thing on livy waking them , she acknowledged with a wry smile .
the last thing he remembered was panic gripping him as livy began to shriek wildly and thrash like a wild thing .
both of them and the only thing that made sense was that paul had grabbed livy and run rather than risk lucian 's wrath .
the last thing she saw before she passed out was the butler pressing the button marked ` ` b '' for basement .
` ` the only thing is i have to be back on hallowed ground by sunset , '' i added , remembering .
the thing was huge , and i was n't looking forward to a repeat of last year 's fiasco .
` ` it 's the same thing as before . ''
it was the oddest thing i 'd ever felt , but ceri was smiling at me through the mirror , her expression pinched and her eyes bright with moisture .
last confessions , that kind of thing .
` ` my dad died from the same thing quen suffered from , and do n't you expect me to believe that they are n't connected .
i heard trent yelp , and i must have passed out because the next thing i knew , i was laying on the floor four feet back with jenks hovering in front of me .
` ` super - secret ninja club sounds way cooler than the whole bff thing . ''
but what if what actual y happened to shel y and steve was that they 'd discovered the shiny skin thing and not run ?
the truly scary thing was riley 's face as he said it .
the smel made me realize exactly how thirsty i was , but that was the last thing i realized .
and riley was making this into some kind of solstice - y seasonal thing , while diego and i had been safe in the daylight just four days ago .
diego was dead , and that was the main thing , the devastating thing .
diego was dead , and that was the main thing , the devastating thing .
so jane could n't hurt this girl the way she 'd hurt me , and this was not a normal thing for jane .
when he drew in a breath , she discovered another thing thomas had n't shared , but that did n't surprise her .
that last time , she 'd felt his hot forehead and simply held his hand , sitting in the garden at the monastery , talking about things they enjoyed , not talking about things too painful to discuss .
` ` i do not think it is a thing to be done lightly .
first , the most terrible thing happened .
trying to believe yet another unbelievable thing .
but her disgust had vanished , and there was one thing she was sure about .
would n't it be the easiest thing in the world for damon to attack him then ?
that was when the worst thing happened .
` ` okay , first , we 'll have to see what these girls can do - which of them can help us- '' fayth and daphne were listening intently , when rashel was interrupted by the last thing she expected to hear in a place like this .
she knew , with a curious sense of resignation , that the next thing she would feel was teeth ripping through her flesh .
it was clearly the last thing they expected .
other turns were so dark the only thing i felt was onyx`s hand and my boots hitting the uneven dirt floor .
` ` now here 's the thing .
it was a dangerous thing to disappoint my brother .
when trehan yanked her nak*d body to his chest and tensed to trace home , two things happened : he did n't budge her ; pain shot through his palm .
` ` your leaving is the most exciting thing that 's ever happened in my life ... ... '' morgana stood at the doorway in all her furious majesty .
when she 'd drifted back to sleep , the same thing had happened again and again .
i got caught up , and the next thing i knew , we were kissing . ''
they were good at this , claire realizedgood at playing normal , even if there was nt a normal thing in the world about their situation .
i mean , its just a special thing .
the idea of shane burning in that cage was the most horrible thing she had ever imagined .
takes minutes for you to choke to death , and shane gets to watch the whole thing .
she saw him leaning toward her , drawn by the same thing .
as they went , elena noticed a strange thing .
i do n't want the same thing to happen with margaret . ''
she could n't stop watching , even though it was the most horrible thing she had ever seen .
that was the strangest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the strangest thing stefan had ever seen ... that was saying a lot .
` ` and the thing was that katherine was a vampire .
the thing is , nobody ever believed granddad 's stories about the vampire .
` ` the death of somebody you love is the second worst thing in world , '' truska said softly .
` ` worst thing is letting it hurt you so much that you die too - inside .
` ` next thing i know , i ' m in this lake , '' he finished .
` ` that 's the type of thing that 's hard to prove , mak- ing it easy to jump to conclusions .
` ` when you 're dying , jacob , one thing you realize very quickly is how insignificant you really are . ` `
` ` if there is such a thing as reincarnation , and if they were who we 'd like to believe they were , i wondered if you 'd find gawain and lancelot , maybe even arthur , someplace like this .
it was the easiest thing in the world to simply put a hand on the wall and vault stylishly over it .
as two of the humans were ordered to move and claim the baggage of another vampire who had just arrived , he noticed some- thing else .
the fortunate thing was they 'd managed to slow the forward progress of carnal 's challengers .
i told you the only safe thing to tattoo on the outside of a body is what 's branded on the soul .
woe to that enemy , for a nymph 's wrath was a terrible thing .
i warned you that i was n't good at this sort of thing . ''
` ` it 's the ... worst thing ... ever , '' she said , panting .
such a thing had never happened before .
perhaps he was trapped inside a nightmare , for this was the worst thing that could have happened to him .
he could not imagine such a thing with his brother if verryn had lived .
the first thing kait noticed was that they looked like pencil drawings - monochrome , all the color sucked out .
she had to piece together just what the awful thing might have been from what she could see around her .
and then that funny thing happened .
they 're using all that language he used , dark gift , dark trick , i tell you it 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever seen , they 're going to burn the guy at the stake and then use his book like it was emily post or miss manners- '' ` ` they 'll never get lestat , '' davis had sneered .
and he was telling her the truth , 'cause there was one of them right there , no jive , at the back of the hall , and it looked like a half - burnt suit of clothes lying there , kind of vaguely in the outline of a man , and sure thing , she could tell by the smell , there 'd been a dead guy in the clothes , and just the sleeves and the pant legs and shoes were left .
he had wanted to laugh at the whole thing , delight in it , revel in it , lestat surprising them all .
horrid thing actually .
such a rare thing to see armand truly angry .
that was the dangerous time , when you first went mad from it , or the others got you , shut you up , burned you , that sort of thing .
then a curious and terrible thing happened .
was he death to the others , whether he willed such a thing or not ?
and something else happened , a rather small thing , yet it seemed a good omen .
imagine lestat allowing such a thing to happen .
what an eerie thing that was , that stone one staring down at the wounded mortal woman who lay with her neck broken , the one with the red hair who looked like the twins in the dream .
was n't the same thing happening now ?
` ` and later , when your innocence was gone , and you took the high road to paris , it was the same thing you wanted ; when you danced and sang for the boulevard crowds , you wanted to be good . ''
and from somewhere deeper in me even , where the sun had never penetrated , came the realization that if i believed in her and what she was saying , then this unspeakable thing , this slaughter that i had committed against fragile and helpless mortals would somehow be redeemed .
whether such a thing really happened i do n't know .
silently she pondered this thing , how it could be possible , and how this spirit might taste the blood that he had drawn .
her people of uruk had n't eaten human flesh ; and so she would not have this offensive thing happening around her ; there really was n't a whole lot more to it than that .
the dark secret place inside her was becoming larger ; it was threatening to consume her from within ; she could not let such a thing happen ; she had to go on .
but the red - haired woman could not have wanted any such thing to happen .
that you begin this revolution and it sweeps the world - and mind you i do n't think such a thing will happen !
then all eyes were fixed upon the queen of heaven and her consort , who stood on the red carpet , only a few feet above the assembly , the consort a bit shaken and biting his lip a little and trying to see this thing clearly , this awful thing that was happening , this awful mingling of worship and blood sacrifice , as the victims were brought forth .
then all eyes were fixed upon the queen of heaven and her consort , who stood on the red carpet , only a few feet above the assembly , the consort a bit shaken and biting his lip a little and trying to see this thing clearly , this awful thing that was happening , this awful mingling of worship and blood sacrifice , as the victims were brought forth .
she reeled with it - i am one of you and we are together - and the feel of the iron rail under her hand , and some sudden grief , just a fleeting thing , for all she had been before this fierce beauty had grabbed her by the hair .
` ` for surely such a thing can not happen without reason ... ... ' then losing her conviction , she fell quiet .
' we know no stories of such a thing ever happening in this world before .
do you think such a thing could happen if it was not meant to happen ! '
` ` finally , the thing for which i secretly hoped happened : khayman appeared .
` ` time , the thing that maharet asked for .
we want to discourage this kind of thing . ''
and the same thing happened with stefan 's blood ; some of it , rich with power , rushed into elena .
there was no single overt thing that he could put his finger on there was no single overt thing that he could put his finger on that was weird .
` ` shinichi demanded and then bonnie saw how this thing formed a circle , with a beginning and an ending , and how , understanding this , she could die with true dignity .
but one thing seemed real .
the next astonishing thing - discontinuing the raw fury that stefan could feel coursing through elena 's aura - was that elena was actual y winning the struggle , despite the fact that he was orders of magnitude stronger than she was .
` ` well ... the first thing i saw was elena and we were both flying .
she was an advanced skier , but she had been going too fast , looking in the wrong direction , and the next thing she knew , she was skiing into the tree instead of around it .
but one thing she did feel .
and i want every single thing that shinichi and misao and whoever they were working for did undone and forgotten .
but , look , there 's one thing i know .
the last thing she remembered was lying on her back in a sleeping bag , talking about alaric with bonnie .
the last thing he saw was her dark eyes , which held an expression that made him suddenly feel even sicker to his stomach .
annoying terrible thing ?
but here 's one thing i do know , almost for certain .
the next thing matt knew , he was fighting it off at the window .
` ` it 's about that thing elena saw inside damon , right ?
he 'd captured the whole thing .
at some point something in her brain blacked out completely , and the next thing she knew she was on her knees with a wrist that felt three times the right size and burned fiercely .
you ' ve got sort of a phantom of the opera thing going on . ''
and one thing he knew for certain : elena 's hair had never looked like this in her life - or unlife .
the other slightly shocking thing is that i ran away with two different guys .
` ` the sad thing is that shinichi scarcely gave caroline a second glance when she blurted it all out .
there 's nothing else you want from me , and you ca n't do the starving - martyr bit half as well as stefan - ` ` elena had spoken knowing that her words were guaranteed to incite a response of some kind , but damon 's usual response to this sort of thing was to lounge against something and pretend not to have heard .
this kind of thing is alaric 's specialty , and he does n't get spooked easily .
pursued and pursuer both fell down together on the soft carpet of long grass ... and then things quickly got so steamy that elena , the distant mind in the background , began wondering how on earth you made one of these things stop .
pursued and pursuer both fell down together on the soft carpet of long grass ... and then things quickly got so steamy that elena , the distant mind in the background , began wondering how on earth you made one of these things stop .
` ` but i do know one thing .
they might as well give in and become fully initiated ... that sort of thing .
` ` anyway , '' she said quickly , ` ` we know one thing .
the next thing she knew her eyes were flying open in surprise because bonnie was speaking in that blank toneless way she always did when making a prophecy : ` ` each half of the fox key is shaped like a single fox , with two ears , two eyes , and a snout .
the last thing ... the very last thing that they could afford ... was to ... lose the chance of ... finding the fox key .
here matt had come out of nowhere and said , ` ` hey , you know that bizarre thing you saw with poor jim bryce last week ?
damon 's loss of control might have been the best thing that could have happened , elena thought , trying to keep behind him .
if he had been on his own he might have investigated this ... extraordinary thing .
but most kept to themselves , and most , if they drank human blood , did so as quietly as possible : in shantytowns , from drunks on the street , simply compel ing their friends and neighbors so they could regularly feed without anyone sensing a thing .
we were no longer children , the games had been deadly for far too long , and maybe my death was the only thing that would end our war .
it occurred to him suddenly that , despite every terrible thing that had happened lately , he was happy .
but it must be harder for meredith , because being a vampire , the one thing she 'd been raised to hunt and kill , would be the worst thing meredith could imagine .
` ` one thing we all forgot about , '' she said .
the unusual thing was their leaving !
it was the weirdest thing i have ever seen -- a kind of knobbly white carpet stretched out in front of us .
had i imagined the entire thing i was still staring at that distant mortal - poor soul who gazed back at me without the slightest knowledge of who or what i was .
in fact , i knew the story , too , and could never forget its title : the thing on the doorstep .
in fact , a curious thing happened , seemingly without a marked beginning .
the same thing was happening to him that had happened to all the others .
oh , there were the credit card numbers involved , but dear god , it would have taken hours for any mortal to locate me that way , even if such a thing were possible , which it really was not .
all four stories are about the same thing .
but how can such a thing be explained !
this sort of thing can happen at any time during the winter months , though some years it happens not at all .
look what happens with evil spirits , ghosts , that sort of thing .
lestat , the poor being probably never knew such a thing was possible .
same thing happened later in oslo , more or less .
was this transformation a painful thing ?
how could such a thing have taken place without their knowing ?
but how could such a thing matter louis had cast me out , and so had marius - marius , who might find my preternatural body before i did , and destroy it on the spot .
david watched all this as if it were the weirdest thing in the world .
and so many more , in their ignorance , did not believe that such a thing could be .
and then i bent down and kissed his face again gently , as i had in new orleans , liking the feel of his roughly shaven beard , just as i liked that sort of thing when i was really lestat and i would soon have that strong masculine blood inside .
but in general , we did not think our plan could possibly lead to such a thing .
seems it all had to do with poor ailing mr . hamilton , and that dr . stoker was eager to slip in and have a look at him as he slept but the steward was terribly afraid to allow such a thing .
of course , no such thing had really happened .
that is - there was no such thing until the coming of man .
we might have made love together , if you had only allowed such a thing .
and out of it came this miracle to me , this youth , this rebirth , and it infuriated you that such a thing could happen , that i should profit when you had suffered so !
the loss of a friend is a terrible , tragic thing , especially when it happens suddenly , without warning .
` ` mika promised to reopen the debate first thing after the funeral ceremonies .
every disgusting thing the demon queen had done to him , he had allowed .
the bastard 's eyes would be the last to go , so he could see every terrible thing layel did to him .
and if there 's one positive thing to come of this wretched game , it 's going to be your demise .
i have never heard of such a thing happening to a creature of atlantis , though . ''
saw the same thing happen to zane .
they throw you out for that sort of thing , '' said nobby .
` ` name me one thing that '' s going on that you don '' t know about .
when vimes stepped out into the brilliant daylight the first thing he did was draw a deep breath .
walls falling down , houses cracking , that sort of thing ? ''
next day , young sam , with a child '' s unerring instinct for this sort of thing , said ` ` buglit ! ''
` ` songs about heroes , great victories , killing your enemies and drinking out of their warm skulls , that sort of thing . ''
still , he enjoyed a bit of a warm glow about the whole thing .
it '' s amazing how often we don '' t see that sort of thing in the crime book .
vimes got willikins to drive in through the coach arch and take the bodies of the attackers down to igor , who knew about things like people dying with green mouths .
that '' s just about the one thing both sides are agreed on ! ''
vimes , i have ... agents for this sort of thing . ''
that sort of thing happens all the time in koom va- er , what are you doing , sir ? ''
what was going on in vimes '' s mind was not exactly coherent thought , but he could hear faint noises up ahead and an instinct as old as thought decided there was no such thing as too much cutting power .
the flame of its little pilot light was the brightest thing in the cave .
one thing that had happened fast was the tunnel .
` ` such a thing might be possible . ''
` ` what a horrid thing to do to a perfectly nice top hat ! ''
it 's a rare thing for a wolf to fight smart .
never in her old days as spinster and social outcast could she have imagined such a thing .
` ` randolph lyall , that squirrelly snot - nosed plonker , rigged the whole darn thing : caused kingair tae betray me , got me tae come tae woolsey , saw me eliminate his old alpha .
it 'd be hard for a werewolf to survive such a thing and he 's no werewolf anymore . ''
by the luck of the vampires , none of my fingers had been amputated , but that was the only thing i had to feel grateful for .
the next night , the exact same thing happened .
the last thing i remember was falling forward , murlough 's bare purple feet growing larger as i dropped toward them .
finding a life mate was a rare thing , and life could be so lonely when you moved through it without one .
ten minutes before her social studies exam , first thing on friday morning , olivia was huddled in a stall in the science hallway bathroom , rushing to switch clothes with her sister .
` ` camilla was like the funeral director of this whole thing , '' sophia admitted .
` ` reminding him of all the people he 'll miss could be just the thing to change his mind . ''
` ` he thought the same thing would happen to me if i hung around vampires .
that made sophia ask for more , but the same thing happened .
there was one thing sophia could n't stand , and that was losing .
` ` you know , the strangest thing happened .
the last thing she remembered was a maw filled with snarling teeth .
the last thing she was aware of , kahli had been looking at the runes on his side .
it was the kind of thing that only existed in fairytales .
and then some- thing really spooky happened .
two green werewolf eyes appeared out of no- where -- and the next thing we knew a great big pusskins - sized ball of fluff landed right in the middle of fang .
` ` there 's one other thing worth pointing out , '' i said .
you 're the most interesting thing that 's ever happened in dullsville .
next thing i know , she s sending me a dvd of her interview from where ?
it would be the hottest thing ever on the internet , gregori announced .
as an angel i never even noticed this sort of thing .
the next thing i knew , i was staring up at the roof , surrounded by concerned vampires .
when we were safely on the cemetery ground , i saw a sight i 'd never seen before -- and one thing we had n't planned on .
the last thing she needed was sergei yakut coming out and finding her pinned and powerless beneath this other male .
you saw no such thing . ''
i can be at your place first thing tomorrow night - ` ` fabien 's condescending chuckle grated .
you planned the whole thing - ` ` ` ` be careful with your accusations , female . ''
the attack had been a random thing , the mansion and its residents merely unfortunate enough to be standing in the path of the blood - addicted gang of rogues .
with bowed head , i went on and on with it , rushing from one thing to another , from the first hideous happenings that had so stirred my curiosity and alarm , to my father 's fragmented and mysterious words and at last to the raid itself and the dreadful assassination of everyone in our compound .
` ` but it is not such a thing , and i can not . ''
first the thing with the failed earth charms , and now jenks thought pierce was a demon spy .
one more thing possibly to see and do .
face flaming , i waved to the irate semi driver behind me who had seen the whole thing from a sort - of - safe distance .
it was the eeriest thing i 'd ever felt , but i swear , i felt him turn .
i knew there would be no such thing .
` ` the only thing i 'd have enjoyed more would be to take ivy 's , that bitch , but i ca n't have her , '' he snarled , jerking kisten so his feet were on tiptoe for an instant .
either way , tom was gone and mia had seen the entire thing .
coffee would be nice , but since having that grande latte ... raspberry ... thing , nothing seemed to taste good anymore .
i 'd never heard of such a thing before , and a search on the internet and in my books yielded nothing , but since our auras had blended the last time she had bitten me ... i was n't surprised - i was scared .
emma had gotten this contraption for him and tried to teach him how to work it , but he 'd been gone that entire day without seeing her , and the only thing he 'd been interested in was ripping off her red negligee with his teeth ...
lucky thing the lodge is empty .
` ` only one thing struck you as odd ? ''
her reaction was the most erotic thing he 'd ever seen .
there was no hint of the terrible thing that was about to happen .
` ` i guess the first thing i should tell you about is the night world .
the leaders of circle daybreak made a firm decision when this whole thing started .
if anything suspicious happens , even the fittest thing , i want you to tell me . ''
` ` i mean before the promise ceremony thing .
` ` the thing i ' m not proud of - it happened when i was living with my first circle daybreak family .
anyway , he was n't too fussy about it ; it was meant to be a temporary thing .
the only thing that would have changed his mind about getting rid of you to avenge josephine would be if he cared for you . ''
four brooke the next thing i knew , i was waking up in a dark place .
i too passed out after the whole thing with mom and her friends .
the funny thing was that dillon had loved cars , and every now and then i 'd hung out with him while he worked on them .
such a simple thing , hearing someone say your name .
the only thing that would be worse than being a vampire hybrid would be peter ignoring me .
that 's a horrible thing to think .
they 're both pretending the other one does n't know about the whole immortal thing because talking about it out loud is just too weird .
and then he says things like that , and my heart does this squeezy thing and i get all tingly .
this is n't the kind of thing you think is going to happen .
peter sits down , which is a strange thing for him to do .
he listens as if i ' m describing the most fascinating thing ever .
it 's more of a formal dance kind of thing , what with the sparkles and all , but i do n't think i 'll be going to prom this year .
luckily , peter is immune to that kind of thing .
the last thing i hear is ivan promising to take care of me .
i scream , because it 's a very troubling thing to see a person wink at you and then crumble into ashes .
what a stupid thing to spend money on .
it 's not that uncommon a thing for me to do .
she turns and sees me , her face breaking out into a smile , which makes my heart do this squeezy thing that makes it hard to breathe .
` ` this whole thing , '' i wave my hands around , indicating his person .
i do worry about provoking him , after that one time , but he seems so calm about it all , as if he knew this exact thing was going to happen the moment he met me .
his head does that side thing , and my lungs find it hard to function for a second .
first thing , i get tex a glass of water and some aspirin .
i hate myself for missing peter , but i have to get over the fact that we 're connected because the only thing that 's going to break it is me dying .
` ` that whole thing is a myth .
` ` the super fast thing is n't a myth , is it ? ''
i think the worst thing is not learning of your own mortality , but that of those around you .
the last thing i remember is someone pulling a blanket over me , but i ' m too tired to see who it is .
` ` look , we got a thing tonight and we could use a fourth .
as if such a thing were possible off a movie screen ... .
and you know the sad thing ?
` ` well , i wrote a really big check that did n't bounce to the dealer and then the most amazing thing happened ... .
i want you to quit first thing tomorrow . ''
it 's the most entertaining thing since that time stone set himself on fire in chem class . ''
the sad thing was , caleb was n't joking .
and as they joined the fight , he realized another thing .
and as nick watched him stare at his dozing mother , he could n't help wondering one thing .
nick frowned as he saw the strangest thing ... it was a spiderweb tattoo on phil 's hand .
the last thing he saw was bubba 's suv bursting into flames and exploding .
worst thing that could happen is he 'd fail and be killed by his friends .
at my age , it 's a rare thing that they do what i want them to , and they 're what caused the truck to explode when i used them to get us out . ''
some guy flashing out of the room and another one turning into a dog is n't exactly the scariest thing i ' ve seen in the last few hours . ''
it usually starts first thing in the morning when the alarm clock sounds and i know i have to go to school to learn stuff i already know . ''
the sad thing was , nick was n't sure he was joking about that .
he 'd yell for her , but the last thing he wanted was for kyrian to kill her , too .
but the one good thing had been the fact that they 'd accidentally found a way to fix the human zombies and return them to normal .
then she did the most peculiar and amazing thing of all - she stepped forward and wrapped her arm around his good one so that they could walk arm in arm .
but the coolest thing was that the band was onstage doing a sound check .
the next thing he knew , she 'd pulled the paper out and was reading it .
the worst thing that had ever happened to him in church was when the priest had fallen asleep during his last confession - which said it all about how boring his life had been prior to all of this .
the one thing his mother could n't stand was for anyone to gossip or speculate about someone else .
next thing you know , his daddy 's 410 , of all things , falls out and misfires .
and the only thing the senior malachai found humorous was torturing others .
the last thing he remembered was kody holding on to his leg in the ambulance while she talked to the attending emt .
next thing i know , you 're yelling at me to not use those powers .
the last thing she remembered was nick in his demon 's form .
` ` trust me , this is neither the worst nor the most humiliating thing i ' ve ever gone through .
that was the kind of thing that happened to people like his father and the scum his father ran with .
how many times have you argued with someone over a past event where they claim one thing happened , but you do n't remember it that way ? ''
bad things happened to him whenever he lost control of himself , and the last thing he needed was a painkiller knocking him out .
but the saddest thing is i know you wo n't until you learn that when someone has something you do n't it does n't take anything away from you .
holding his hands out in front of him , nick tried to feel for a wall or something solid , but the only thing was the ground beneath his feet .
` ` telekinesis , '' she explained nonchalantly as if that was an everyday thing .
i was on menyara 's porch to ask her where you were and the next thing i knew , i was here with you . ''
kody 's jaw went slack as she saw the last thing she wanted to deal with .
the sun returned to shining as if the worst thing imaginable had n't just happened .
` ` and the saddest thing is i do n't know what scares me most .
but as he drifted through the darkness , one thing crystalized for him .
some reason , she 's delusional and thinks that my sorry butt is the best thing that 's happened to her .
` ` hey , xev , what 's keep ... '' nick 's voice trailed off as he opened the door and saw the last thing he expected .
ah , i must tell you a funny thing i heard only recently here in this twentieth century world .
it was not possible that such a thing could happen to me , that boiling gold should choke my mouth and cover my eyes !
i could not bear that such a thing would happen to any human being .
` ` a strange thing happened .
` ` that day , when i was a child , you spoke about a secret thing .
` ` who has told you about this thing ? ''
what is it , this thing , that esther spoke of ?
only the hebrews know the meaning of this thing .
it was perhaps the only truly exciting thing that i could at that moment imagine or recall .
` ` yes , it 's a strange thing , this , '' i said , looking at the casket , at the gold flaking from it .
could such a thing happen , i thought , not wondering about her virtue , but my limitations .
the look on her face was a terrible thing to see .
it was a horrid thing to look at , her purplish bruises , and i felt shame that i had n't been more delicate , had n't even watched for such a thing , had n't looked for anything but the age - old juiciness , and for all the rest , what did i care .
it was a horrid thing to look at , her purplish bruises , and i felt shame that i had n't been more delicate , had n't even watched for such a thing , had n't looked for anything but the age - old juiciness , and for all the rest , what did i care .
is such a thing possible ? ''
rose had kept secrets all her life , kept them close , sensing that to divulge a secret could be a terrible thing .
next thing rose knew , she was in the bedroom .
you can not allow this thing to continue .
yet he was overcome with the purest goodwill , suddenly , that such a thing could be possible , that this one , known to him in a fatal intimacy at the very beginning of his dark journey , could in fact be here with him now .
you said yourself that gremt came into the physical realm to watch this thing , amel . ''
marius could scarce believe that he had seen him , spoken to him , that such a momentous thing had taken place - that old god of the grove alive now , articulate and eloquent , and pointing the way to the past and the future in the same breath .
` ` that thing , that thing when he was talking to me , i mean before the fire ... '' ` ` several nights back . ''
` ` that thing , that thing when he was talking to me , i mean before the fire ... '' ` ` several nights back . ''
what had that been , that thing that benedict had seen ?
armand had agreed at once as though it were the most natural thing in the world to do what lestat wanted .
magnus wondered if , hundreds of years from now , the same thing would happen to him .
the first odd thing was that the hotel seemed to be completely vacant .
no one had arranged it - it was like we were all drawn back to the house by whatever unhappy thing we 'd disturbed .
` ` i ' ve lived here for four years and i ' ve never felt a thing wrong ! ''
the only thing you did was talk to the wrong guy in a bar , i suppose .
the folks at home depot definitely did n't have any pamphlets for this sort of thing .
yes , she was serious , and yes , terrible might kill him if the ghosts did n't manage it first , and yes , this whole thing was a big mistake , and yes , if he made it out of there alive he was going to punch his brother - in - law in the mouth .
and it explained one thing that had been puzzling me - how tom had found a grimoire with a werewolf spell in the first place .
she changed back about halfway , just enough to keep her powers on deck , but not so far that the first thing the kids saw was a pale purple lady with no nose and very big teeth .
` ` does this sort of thing happen to you a lot ? ''
` ` it 's a rotten thing , '' he said softly , ` ` being lonely at christmas . ''
this time , it was n't a fleeting thing , but rather a long and erotic exploration that had my blood screaming through my veins and my heart threatening to jump out of my chest .
` ` the next thing i know , what ? ''
only thing he remembered was dan asking if he knew anything about the desecration of the cemetery .
he must have stood there , lost in thoughts he could n't afford , for his remaining hour , because the next thing he knew , dan was strolling to the truck with two lunch sacks in hand .
he was n't going to convince her the entire thing had been a mind - trick brought on by the intensity of her emotions .
her stomach did that twisting thing again and her focus intensified on tucker .
she stated it so simply , as if it were the most normal thing in the world .
and i think you 're the best thing to have ever happened to me .
` ` except for the glitter thing , that sounds like the john i knew .
losing his favorite foster family the last time eve had done this was n't the worst thing to have happened .
it was the last thing he heard before his knees gave out and he collapsed onto the ground .
` ` the thing is , a few weeks ago , i met a boy .
last thing he remembered was standing in the woods with victoria , her teeth in his neck .
there 'd been something in victoria 's expression earlier that said such a thing was highly likely .
` ` and the wonderful thing is , there 's so much more we can do !
same thing happened to a boy w - who lived at the d and m with me and aden , '' shannon said .
all the moisture in her mouth dried , her limbs shook and her heart did that hammering thing .
i want to dig around and see if i can find any books on spells , that sort of thing .
i 'd started to get into t - trouble , shop - lifting , drinking , t - that sort of thing , and it was e - either come here or hit the s - streets .
` ` right now , i want you to promise me that you wo n't tell anyone , and i mean anyone , not aden , not victoria , about the draining thing , '' he commanded .
only thing they could be fighting about was that defense lesson .
last thing he remembered , he 'd walked inside dr . hennessy 's office , the sun dimming but shining , the air cool .
the one thing i do n't regret is meeting you , '' he said gruffly .
no matter how this thing ended , she could n't regret meeting him .
the wolves had been caring for her , feeding her , that kind of thing .
` ` you woke up from this kind of thing before , '' she whispered .
first thing he noticed , the fog had dissipated .
` ` you have no idea the things that have taken place between the races throughout the centuries .
first thing he noticed : there was someone on the floor , sitting up , glaring .
the whole stabbing thing could have been avoided .
she did n't want him messing with the witches , possibly getting bespelled - although the impotency thing he 'd mentioned to tucker might do them both some good - and she certainly did n't want to be responsible for another death .
victoria expected more whispers , something , but the only thing to be heard was the thump of multiple pairs of boots and the scrape of wolf claws .
the warrior was shocked , yes , but reacted as if he 'd trained for such a thing .
i do n't know if anyone 's ever told you this before , but there is such a thing as cock - blocking , and you 're proof . ''
and that meant one more soul - rocking thing .
his gums ached , their favorite thing to do , it seemed .
last thing mary ann remembered was kissing riley , loving it , wanting more , thinking they were finally going to go all the way , wishing their surroundings were different , then a shooting pain through her shoulder , the flow of warm blood , riley telling her to feed from him - wait , wait , wait , back up that train .
first thing he noticed , the room was a wreck , the nightstand in shambles , the lamp shattered into hundreds of pieces , the phone embedded in the wall , but aden had n't heard anything more than that rustling through the paper - thin bathroom wall .
it was a onetime thing , and it will never happen again .
onetime thing .
but the most remarkable thing of all was what he was wearing beneath his long black coat : battered black boots , black wool trousers , and a dark red v - necked sweater emblazoned with a crest - two ravens embroidered on either side of a silver sword .
the cold awakened me first thing in the morning , and i could feel the change down in my bones .
it was the one really wonderful thing that had happened to me so far at evernight academy , and i wanted to enjoy it .
you might yet live a long life and die of other causes , if that 's the sort of thing you consider cause for celebration .
the same thing happened tonight . ''
` ` seems like the kind of thing you would ' ve mentioned in one of your reports , if you had . ''
i thought that if i described the whole thing , i would just scare raquel again .
about the - the thing .
` ` lots of people here have seen the same thing . ''
more quietly , he continued , ` ` i saw the thing with balthazar coming .
` ` dying is n't the worst thing , '' kate said , holding one hand out toward eliza , who tossed her the water gun .
` ` well - i never - i mean , it 's not the kind of thing you usually watch out for .
also , the whole thing where everybody eats in their rooms - secretive and weird - plus half the student body never showed to pick up any food orders .
` ` lucas is always going to have a pride thing going on .
i tried to tell myself it was n't the worst thing that could happen .
the last thing i 'll ever know is that you 're going to be okay .
like it was the most obvious thing in the world , maxie said , ` ` vic , of course .
` ` this is definitely the best thing to happen to me since i died . ''
` ` this is not a thing that is done . ''
but the only thing i could think about was the last time i 'd seen her - during the raid she 'd led on black cross 's new york headquarters .
being dead ... it 's not the worst thing that can happen . ''
raquel said , ` ` what was that - ice cyclone thing ? ''
` ` you still see death as the worst thing that can possibly happen .
that horrible thing - ` ` ` ` it 's okay . ''
if our plan worked the way we wanted it to , this was the last night i would ever spend at evernight academy.e despite every terrible thing that had happened here , i realized , i loved so much about this place .
it was all confusing , and scary , and so she 'd told her best friend only about the one thing she did understand for sure , which was that her biggest crush over the past two years had decided to spend the night in her room .
elvis , rockabilly , that kind of thing . ''
the ' arrested ' thing was just a joke . ''
he was , hands down , the finest thing that had ever happened to her .
there was only one thing that dylan feared .
cassie could n't do much for the dead , but this one thing she could do .
the last thing she remembered was sitting on the ledge in the shower .
none of it frightened her , though , despite his concern that each revelation would be too much , that this or that would be the thing that was just too weird for her .
hopkins and pike did that awkward , manly handshake - to - semi - hug kind of thing and i felt my mouth drop open .
` ` like a tv thing ? ''
but uda law strictly forbade that kind of thing , even if your local breather was a nosy asshat .
my head hurt and my dress was still kind of sideways and i just needed one thing tonight to go the way it was supposed to go .
` ` please , '' josh said , his voice doing that preteen - boy cracking thing .
if the whole dead animal thing would just stop . ''
lindsay had to leave , and the next thing i knew , we were making out in her living room . ''
you missed the whole thing . ''
but i knew one thing .
as i grinned , and as conn thought up the next witty thing he had to say , two things happened : one , i linked up to him almost immediately ; meaning , he and i were now deeply connected , although he did n't know it .
an agitated ghost was not a pretty thing to see .
she told me the last thing she saw was her parents ' bodies blackening in the burning car . ''
i mean , have you ever heard of such a thing ? ''
anyway , the kid , your client , goes through the proper channels and next thing i hear they 're digging up mamma .
but i knew that pressure was one thing , this was another .
the first thing that i notice was a loosening of her grip .
finally , the voice said , ` ` the first thing i noticed was that they never took him out of the iron mask . ''
the last thing i remembered was trying to cover my head as i saw the blow coming down .
the whole thing was just ... surreal .
as she showered , the most amazing and cursed thing happened : i felt a surge of guilt for leering at her like a peeping tom .
there was something so weird and uncanny about the whole thing that it gave me a turn and made me feel quite faint .
` ` no , i mean ... that might have been the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
i would have gone dashing for shelter , too , except for one thing : i was in the middle of the arena with one very angry bull .
the next thing he did was fumble for his crossbow , which he suddenly seemed to forget how to use .
she had seen the whole thing , along with five others .
and if i was n't careful , i could step on my wings , which i had done before and it was n't the most graceful thing to witness .
what this thing was , i did n't know .
his call could only mean one thing .
he grinned again , and his eyes did this sort of sparkly thing that made my heart beat a little faster .
the next thing i saw was a little girl on the table .
i scanned the area , looking deeper into the darkness than i had any right to see , seeing things that i probably should n't .
` ` that whole teleport thing . ''
` ` my son ... '' but as soon as i began the sentence , the words got caught in my throat , and emotions poured out of me in tears , and the next thing i knew the librarian had his arms around my shoulders , pulling me into his shoulder .
` ` i ' m not sure what 's going on , or how she intends to use me , or what she intends to do with me once she has me , but one thing i do know : she 's pure evil . ''
just one more weird thing to add to the list . ''
he feared even wishing for such a thing , to be human again , with a heartbeat and warm flesh to share .
the most remarkable thing was that he did not .
` ` yet i hear your heartbeat and can not fathom how such a thing could be so , since we met so long ago . ''
it was the kind of thing that erin had only ever seen in movies .
the rest of the doctors became excited and envious ; they wanted to experience the same thing .
i honestly have no idea why it did n't work on me , but the next thing i knew , he bit me ...
you just seem happier when you 're around each other and then there was the whole biting thing ... . '' ` ` the biting thing we did n't want to happen ... we just got into a mess and then things got out of control . ''
long legs , tattoos hidden in places i 'd never thought of - i want to touch them all , but the thing that stops me is alex and how i feel for him , which is mind - blowingly terrifying .
that kind of thing was unheard of , and no other species - natural or preternatural - had demonstrated any kind of psychic power , before or since .
` ` there 's not a thing that goes on in this school that i do n't know about , kali d'angelo .
it was n't like smearing my blood on bethany 's back and luring her death sentence to jump ship was the kind of thing i 'd forget .
bethany 's fingers tightened over the steering wheel , and the last thing i saw before i lost all sense of reality was her white knuckles bulging under paper - thin skin , giving her the look of a skeleton , of death itself .
` ` weapons , '' i said , my voice a foreign thing in a throat that wanted nothing more than to be coated in the blood of the thing i 'd just slayed .
the only thing you get to do is wake up and tell us what the hell is going on . ''
i had a feeling , but maybe it was a bad feeling , because the next thing i knew , there was a zombie .
` ` so this is a regular thing for you ? ''
that i 'd known from the time i was twelve years old that i 'd die hunting monsters - that the only thing different this time was that the monsters were human .
eventually , someone would use him to find me , and the whole thing would start all over again .
but the really sad thing , the really pathetic thing , the truly unforgivable thing , was that i 'd known exactly what kind of stupid ass i was being that night at the dubois estate .
and now the same thing was happening with gin .
` ` no doubt some of them will think i planned the whole thing just to ruin the funeral like finn said .
so i would have been dead , the sniper would have been silenced , and whoever had planned this whole thing would probably have been whistling as he walked out of the cemetery .
the next thing fletcher set on the counter was a half pound hamburger dripping with mayonnaise and piled high with smoked swiss cheese , sweet butter - leaf lettuce , a juicy tomato slice , and a thick slab of red onion .
` ` usually , she just incinerates people with her magic , burns their house to the ground , that sort of thing . ''
they 'd barely felt a thing .
if we found who used the rune , we 'd find who had set this whole thing up .
` ` creepiest thing i ' ve ever seen , the way she kept ripping off his skin , and the way he kept laughing at her .
next thing you 'd know i 'd be in therapy - or back in ashland asylum with the rest of the crazies .
she was the bitch who 'd set up this whole thing .
so the very thing haley had feared came true after all .
even though the fabric was black , i was good at noticing that sort of thing .
` ` because i ' ve had a lot of experience with this sort of thing .
the absurd notion i 'd ever allow such a thing to happen . ''
` ` do you know what the funny thing is ?
killing someone at mab 's mansion was the kind of thing people would talk about for years .
one thing i did n't see back here were any giant guards .
i must have blacked out because the next thing i knew i was lying on top of the square counter in the front of the country daze store .
oh , i imagined jonah was still angry at me over what had happened the day he had come to the restaurant and that he 'd get back around to harassing me sooner or later , if only because he enjoyed that sort of thing .
because the next thing i knew , a pair of scuffed black boots were planted on the ground in front of me .
that was all that mattered- i must have blacked out , because the next thing i knew , i was sitting upright .
` ` at first , i thought it was just a passing thing , you know ? ''
it was the scariest damn thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
maybe it was this thing with slater , maybe it was something else .
hell , i still did n't even really know why mab had murdered my mother and older sister in the first place - other than the fact that she enjoyed that sort of thing .
next thing you 'd know , i 'd be getting soft and sentimental and teary - eyed over puppies and kittens and rainbows .
but the most amazing thing was that i did n't feel her using the slightest bit of elemental magic .
` ` speaking of finishing things , there 's one more thing you should see , '' finn said .
somewhere between that first kiss and owen 's hand sliding up my leg , a funny thing had happened - i realized that i wanted him .
back when this whole thing started , roslyn sent her sister and her niece down to myrtle beach to get them out of the way .
the tangy scent of sap tickled my nose , but i ignored the sensation , focusing on the scene before me , blocking out everything else but the things i needed to hear and see .
besides , he does n't know a good thing when he has it anyway .
` ` not for long- '' and then the worst thing in the world happened - finn decided to get into the fight .
but then again , i might be a little biased , since i ' m the one who orchestrated the whole thing . ''
` ` that 's the beauty of this whole thing , '' i replied .
a common thing in ashland .
i did n't want to look into owen 's violet eyes one day and see the things that i 'd seen in donovan 's golden gaze .
because i knew that being touched was probably the last thing in the world that roslyn had wanted then , especially since i was the reason she 'd been beaten in the first place .
but instead of forming a ball of green lightning in her hand and shoving it into vinnie 's face , lafleur did a most curious thing .
the terrible thing that i 'd wrought with it .
but before lafleur could throw her ball of lightning at me , before we could start our deadly , final dance , the strangest thing happened .
i was n't going to die because i was chained , and i sure as hell was n't going to let the same thing happen to bria .
` ` here 's another thing i ' ve noticed , '' i snarled in her face .
mainly , that the assassin is dead and that i was locked in a railcar the whole time and did n't see a thing . ''
and that was n't the worst thing i saw .
the next thing i knew , i had a new mom and dad .
sophia did n't talk much , given her grinding tone , and i 'd always wondered what traumatic thing had happened to her to so completely ruin her voice .
the giant just shrugged his massive shoulders , telling me that bria had the lead on this thing , whatever it was .
it all looked innocent enough , but something about this whole thing felt wrong to me - seriously wrong .
the only thing that would have been worse was if there had been seven of them .
the five men laughed again , as if they were all in on some private joke that was just the funniest thing in the world .
i wondered why ; what bad thing had happened to the girl that gentry had rescued her from .
whatever bad thing was going on , it was happening at the house , which meant that finn and bria were in serious trouble .
after that , one thing just led to another , and we ended up in one of the downstairs bedrooms ... '' his voice trailed off in shame , but he did n't have to tell me the rest .
the thing that i 'd feared the most had already come to pass , but there was nothing i could about it now , no real way i could help bria , except by trying to spare her more of the same and keep her alive long enough for me to try to rescue her .
` ` just about every awful thing that you can imagine .
but i also knew that having them with me was the only way that bria might survive this thing .
then the most surprising thing happened .
last thing i ' ve heard , he 's gone into hiding until things settle down in the city .
` ` we used to have ... a thing . ''
the last thing i did was open the front door and ease my head outside .
you asked me before what my favorite thing was to collect .
but i 'd subconsciously used my ice magic to preserve my body once before when i 'd jumped into the aneirin river in the winter , and i was hoping the same thing would happen here .
her air magic let her hear all the whispers on the wind , all the possibilities and hints of things that might come to pass , just like my stone magic muttered to me of all the things that had already come to be , all the ways and all the places that people had hurt the others around them .
her air magic let her hear all the whispers on the wind , all the possibilities and hints of things that might come to pass , just like my stone magic muttered to me of all the things that had already come to be , all the ways and all the places that people had hurt the others around them .
i grabbed my magic again , and the same thing happened .
her tight , worried face was the last thing i saw before i turned again to face the giants .
it would be the last thing he 'd ever smile about .
yes , you were a fool to walk away from me , but your doing that was the best thing that ever happened to me because it let me find owen . ''
then , when the screams did n't stop , panic rippled through the crowd , until all the kids were pushing , shoving , and lurching around the deck , trying to put some distance between themselves and whatever horrible thing was happening .
i would have gotten myself a drink , leaned against the railing , pulled out my cell phone , and recorded the whole thing for repeat viewing .
but the most surprising thing was that kincaid was actually ... comforting her .
the two of them started talking , and one thing just sort of led to another - ` ` ` ` until we all wound up on the riverboat tonight , '' i finished .
and the most telling thing , the big red elephant in the room , was eva .
well , at least one thing was going to go right tonight .
the only thing i did n't mention was that salina appeared to be the murderous elemental in question and that kincaid wanted to hire me to kill her .
` ` you probably planned the whole thing , including the so - called attack . ''
` ` owen 's right about one thing .
that was just the sort of thing mcallister reveled in .
she also went on and on about what a horrible thing it must have been , a man being murdered in such a brutal fashion .
i sat down at the table across from bria , finally getting to the thing that was troubling me the most .
i leaped over a fallen log , determined to catch her , but to my surprise , she did the most curious thing of all - she stopped .
still , no matter what mab did , i made myself watch the whole thing just like fletcher did beside me .
` ` funny thing , '' i said .
and then the worst thing of all happened .
as a stone elemental , i can sense and interpret all of those hidden vibrations as easily as if one of the museum tour guides were telling me all of the juicy gossip about every scandalous thing that had ever happened in and around the building .
in fact , i was rather disappointed by the whole thing .
he whirled around and realized the same thing i did , that clementine now had her gun leveled at owen 's head .
it was good that she amused herself , because i did n't find one thing about this funny , and neither did owen , judging from his grim , worried expression .
but later on , it was just one more thing that did n't quite add up . ''
` ` but you know what the really ironic thing is ?
` ` i mean that salina 's not just a onetime thing .
the only thing that ruined his sleek , polished look was the blood spattered all over his white shirt and gray suit jacket - and the body lying at his feet .
it was going to be the last thing he ever enjoyed .
he stepped forward , and a curious thing happened .
this must have been the thing that had finally fully reignited his interest in sophia , even more so than fletcher 's death .
owen and warren stood a few feet away , watching the whole thing .
every new man who appeared made my heart sink a little more , because each of them would make it that much more difficult to save sophia from whatever terrible thing grimes had in mind for her .
after another moment , sophia turned around and went back to her digging , the flames of hazel 's magic licking at her and the dead all around her.the men who 'd come to watch hooted with delight through the whole horrible thing .
then he simply stood there and watched the whole thing , his lips curved up into a small , sinister smile .
oh , yes , i watched , and i memorized every single black deed , every horrible thing , every bit of agony that sophia was enduring .
but the surprising thing was that grimes was n't alone .
and i stayed right there , watching her , supporting her , through the whole thing .
a girl did step inside the restaurant with him , but it was n't the sweet blond thing i expected - it was charlotte .
charlotte cried through the whole thing .
the only thing i edited out was the fact that sebastian and i had kissed .
the thing that he looked forward to whenever we were apart .
it was bad enough that i 'd been foolish enough to fall for someone , but the unavoidable thing , the really terrible thing , the truly insurmountable thing , was the fact that i was in love with the son of the man i 'd killed and that sebastian would hate me if he ever found out the truth .
it was bad enough that i 'd been foolish enough to fall for someone , but the unavoidable thing , the really terrible thing , the truly insurmountable thing , was the fact that i was in love with the son of the man i 'd killed and that sebastian would hate me if he ever found out the truth .
and then he laughed - he threw back his head and laughed and laughed , as if fooling me so completely was the most amusing thing he 'd ever done .
sebastian had ripped my heart to shreds , but that was n't the worst thing .
and through the whole thing , i could hear sebastian laughing with delight at my suffering , at the beating my body was taking , at how the stones pummeled me again and again simply because he wanted them to .
the normal thing , the expected outcome , the logical action , would be for benson to plunge his fangs deep into troy 's neck .
but catalina was n't an air elemental , so the only thing she was seeing was the memories of her own past with troy .
the only thing i did n't mention was silvio sanchez seeing catalina and me , and then apparently leaving a burn pill behind for me to find .
` ` make a formal statement , '' bria replied , as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
i 'd seen the whole thing for myself .
they were so bad that i would sometimes have odd little daydreams about them , flashing back to whatever bad thing was buried in my subconscious at any given moment , even when i was wide awake .
more memories rose up in my mind about all the terrible things that had happened the day i 'd followed coral through that door , but i forced them back into the bottom of my brain .
benson finished washing his hands , then stood by and watched the whole damn thing .
and i pictured the same thing happening to my other rune on my left hand .
this was quite possibly the coolest thing i 'd ever seen through the scope of a rifle .
` ` i went through the training , got knighted , the whole thing .
it was a peculiar thing to see : he shot in the air , unable to stop himself , but instead of going long , he jumped straight up , landed in almost exactly the same spot , turned on one foot , and sprinted to me .
` ` it 's a hard thing to contemplate , killing your friend .
you want to help and they throw you off balance , and the next thing you know you 're sitting there crying , because you did n't make it in time .
` ` that was the coolest thing ever , '' julie said breathlessly .
although they apparently performed shocking acts of animal mutilation within plain view of the farmhouse , the farmer 's family slept through the whole thing .
it was the most erotic thing i had ever seen .
you tell the knights you want to call the whole thing off - you love your aunt and she does no harm sitting in that tree anyway .
he laughed , throwing his head back like it was the funniest thing .
a werehyena in half - form was a terrible thing to behold .
curran had promised them the one thing they could never have .
it was the most frightening thing i 'd ever seen .
the pision would cry jurisdiction and the whole thing could stretch for several days .
what an odd thing to call a shapechanger .
they lived in the settlements , the houses , and monitored the whole thing .
the whole thing was over in just a few seconds , but it seemed like a lifetime had passed .
` ` there 's one thing .
overall , she seemed downright amused by the whole thing .
my worry was short - lived , though , because the next thing i knew he threw back his horned head and howled with laughter .
the next thing i knew , he was crouched next to the mercedes .
` ` first of all , there 's no way killing you would n't be the best thing that happened to me ever . ''
because the next thing i knew , she came after me in a blur of fists and kicks .
` ` well , the thing is i kind of sort of hadsexwithslade . ''
` ` what about the slade thing ? ''
but mac said she 'd record the whole thing . ''
the first thing i noticed was the stain set against the cabbage roses on the gaudy damask spread .
the thing the news did n't report was that the entire band was made up of mages back then .
i stifled my urge to laugh out of relief and continued as if what she 'd just done was a normal thing .
` ` is n't that the sort of thing you 'd have heard about ? ''
` ` anyway , '' giguhl butted in , ` ` what 's this domme thing all about ? ''
the only thing he admitted to was that he thought tanith is a bitch , which was n't exactly a shocking revelation . ''
not just because of what we were about to do , but also because i was waiting for her to mention the adam thing .
the last thing i remember is sabina getting here . ''
the last thing i saw before we flashed out was the queen turning to tell her guards to follow us on foot .
` ` next thing i knew , '' he continued , his voice tight , ` ` i woke up hanging from the ceiling .
36 the first thing i saw when giguhl and i flashed back into the chapel was the empty floor where maisie 's body had lain before i left .
as we walked , we chatted about the possibility that this statue thing would pan out .
` ` that was the strangest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` okay , it 's the strangest thing i ' ve seen tonight . ''
it was the weirdest thing . ''
luckily the cameras captured the entire thing .
the only thing i could figure was that lavinia and ameritat had decided to kill both phoebe and me as punishment for breaking the black covenant . ''
the last thing i expected was nothing .
luckily , the whole thing was over quickly .
but you 're so determined to control everyone and everything that you take the blame for every bad thing that happens .
cadence held out her hand , as if it were the most natural and normal thing in the world to reach for a man you 'd only just met .
that is a rare thing .
the last thing i saw was ghastek 's face from the other doorway .
either he had a really good intelligence source within the pack , which would be in line with his highly placed mole on the pack council , or he 'd engineered this whole thing , which meant gene and his iberian wolves were in hugh 's pocket and curran had walked into a trap .
the thing i 'd been dreading had come to pass .
` ` that bastard planned this whole thing , '' jim said .
` ` maybe this whole thing was a coincidence .
` ` funniest thing happened .
it was a onetime thing , and i could n't replicate it .
i ' ve never heard of it , but doolittle says it 's a real thing and it happens with shapeshifters more often than with normal humans .
the better question was , did he engineer this whole thing ?
before you know it , it will become a regular thing .
he 'd engineered this whole thing .
` ` the thing with your aunt did n't go well .
tell me , what 's the worst thing that can happen if derin realizes how powerful you are ? ''
but that 's not the worst thing that can happen . ''
this is the worst thing that can happen .
i realized that dugue was n't fond of bets ; if he invested in something , it was a sure thing .
the worst thing that ever happened to me happened because someone did exactly what you ' ve described .
` ` that is a horrible thing , '' belobog 's volhv said .
the first thing i saw was the body of solomon red , pinned to the elevator shaft by a spear through his throat .
the fool had actually orchestrated the whole thing .
i 'd dreamed the whole thing up .
` ` raphael found out more gossip about the gym thing . ''
drinking bones 's blood while he was inside me was the most incredible thing ever - and he knew it .
hopefully , the sage we had ready to burn would be enough to send kramer running for the nearest ley line if things went awry , but hope was n't a guarantee .
` ` good thing you 're here .
transmitter thing still going on .
in fact , i was so relaxed i must have dozed off , because the next thing i knew , the car jerked to a stop , and the landscape around us had completely changed .
that was the first thing i became aware of .
seeing her so chipper after the awful thing that had happened to her brightened my mood even more .
but one good thing had come out of the elevator 's fall .
the last thing i clearly remembered was bones carrying me out of that underground room with marie .
but the one thing that i would never , ever recover from would be losing you .
easier to whip myself into a rage over this and every other thing tate had ever done to piss me off , but that would only be trying to camouflage my grief over losing someone i loved .
that was the last thing i saw before everything blurred into reddish pink as the sobs i 'd held back broke free to overwhelm me .
` ` and it had n't been the sort of thing i 'd wanted to casually mention to you over the phone before that . ''
the sensation of being blood , flesh , and bone again had me transfixed by the sound of my own heartbeat , a numbing cadence that was the sweetest thing i 'd heard .
` ` but this , this is the one thing i can not endure - your walking out on me .
it was the last thing i saw before i closed my eyes .
one thing could be said for staying with the uncrowned prince of darkness .
his familiar face was the first thing i saw , dark - skinned and with hair even shorter than tate 's .
the next thing i knew , mencheres 's wrist was in my mouth and i was shaking it from side to side like a shark .
maybe if they had , the same thing would have happened , then you 'd just be eating what you were supposed to eat . ''
the first thing i knew was that i was in the backseat of a car .
i was about to run over to bones and beg that we call the whole thing off when the tall blond law guardian strode into the center of the clearing .
the last thing i saw was glass smashing - and then there was a burning in my neck and my vision went black .
` ` my guys would think that was the coolest thing ever . ''
the instant throb of pain was the most wonderful thing i 'd ever felt , because it meant i was n't dreaming .
the last thing i remember , we were over a bridge , and i rolled myself off the train into the water .
in fact , you 're about five seconds away from a horrible death , and the only thing that 's gon na save you is if you tell me where frazier is .
` ` do you know what i ' m going to do , first thing tomorrow ? ''
i hunt for her , and the only thing i regret about dying now is that i did n't take more of you with me ! ''
next thing i knew , i was in chains and up before one of the meanest hanging judges in london .
money must be a neat thing to have .
in the apartments around us , no one noticed a thing .
the skin covering me seemed to burst , my blood boiled erotically , and the last thing i felt was bones tightening his grip as he drank .
that was the most amazing thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` funny thing , though , '' i said .
no doubt madeline had arranged the whole thing , either by threatening shanna in some way or promising her a rich payday if she succeeded in murdering me .
because bria and xavier were here now , and so was i - just in time to witness whatever horrible thing dobson had planned for them .
the only thing the people here were cheering for was my bloody , brutal death .
still , as i looked around , there was one thing i did n't see - the barrel the old man had taken refuge in .
everyone knew that she 'd orchestrated the whole thing , right down to starting the fire at the pork pit , and i had no doubt that these people both feared and respected her for it .
and the same thing was going to happen to me unless i found a way to stop it .
moira was the only thing that we had n't told the cops about , and she 'd been staying with the deveraux sisters ever since we found her .
i had n't missed that key factor , which meant only one thing .
i was n't sure if it was a food thing , but ezra and i were making a very bad habit of this .
` ` other than the fact your father will be able to hear every damn thing happening in here , '' in the other hotels , we had made sure to get rooms far away from his parents , ` ` you ' ve had two very ... trying ... days .
` ` although , one good thing did happen from it . ''
` ` after every damn thing we ' ve been through , i would have expected a little f**king warning even if you hate me ! ''
but i do n't know how that 's possible because the last thing i remember was having a mage tie my tubes , and i do n't remember having sex with finn , or anyone else , any time after my last period . ''
it was the last thing i saw before ezra really started running , little more than a blur , the pace dizzying .
` ` and face the wrath of your next play thing ? ''
same thing happened when their magic touched .
` ` funny thing you should mention mouths . ''
he placed it on my waiting palm , not letting go of it as he lowered his mouth near my ear , whispering softly , ` ` the best thing your mother ever did was die .
i ca n't be an immortal with no power , such a thing does n't exist .
` ` seeing you work the new magic on lili was an amazing thing to witness , '' he said , leaning down to kiss me lightly on the lips , and then he deepened the connection , his lips firm and full against mine .
a toddler having visions was a crazy thing to witness , but when she delivered good news , it made it less so .
that 's the creepiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the entire thing must be an illusion .
a big boom of thunder hit my ears and the next thing i knew , i was sprawled on a dirt ground panting .
it was no small thing for a wolf to aid a vamp .
` ` but it 's a fairly incredible thing to witness if you ask me . ''
apparently it was predicted that a powerful wolf would rise again , or some such thing .
she bared her incisors as her face began to do that slide - downward thing i 'd seen valdov and the queen do when they were angry .
we meet with him first thing in the morning .
i 'd never even heard of such a thing , but i was young .
eamon paled , which was a tough thing to do when your features were the color of ivory and bone .
the thing dad was talking about . ''
` ` i do n't know what a bloody naiad is , but the thing i saw was hideous . ''
the only thing i registered before i hit the wall was rourke 's frustrated snarl .
plus i kind of thought i was dying , so that put a serious damper on the whole thing .
` ` that would be the single worst thing that could happen .
you start calling some guy an ass**le and then i feel this wicked pulsating anger thing , and then nothing .
` ` i 'll be down there first thing in the morning .
` ` our saliva contains a drug to keep them a bit hazy about the whole thing , so they 're not exactly sure if they ' ve been with us or not the next morning .
we have no known record of such a thing ever happening before .
the one thing i 'd never done was fight a wolf in his true from .
he had explored every inch of hellfire hollow , poked into every abandoned building , looked into every cave and crevice , but he had n't found a thing .
` ` you said there was no such thing . ''
` ` i wo n't hear of such a thing , '' lady kathryn said .
the next thing she knew , she was standing in the middle of her living room .
feeding seemed like the most natural thing in the world .
maybe she had imagined the whole thing .
when they reached the edge of the lake , she sat down on the rock and he sat beside her , his arm slipping around her shoulders as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
kari pulled her hair back and turned her head to the side , wondering how she could have forgotten such a thing .
he smiled at her as if his being there was the most normal thing in the world .
lots of beautiful architecture and old churches , that kind of thing . ''
the next thing she knew , the stewardess was shaking her awake .
a most amazing thing !
if there was one thing she definitely did n't want , it was an angry wizard showing up on her doorstep .
` ` the most amazing thing has happened .
he noticed little things he had n't noticed before , like the doe and her twin fawns resting in the shadows beyond the tree line , and the gopher peeking out of a hole .
maybe she had dreamed the whole thing .
shannah could scarcely imagine such a thing .
the funny thing is , i met her because she wanted to be a vampire , or she thought she did .
it was bad enough when this kind of thing happened to adults , but children ... regan crossed her arms over her stomach .
although she could n't imagine such a thing , there was a good possibility that she would be hunting prey herself if she turned fanged and furry at the next full moon .
anyway , that kind of thing was outlawed years ago . ''
anyway , i think i imagined the whole thing . ''
one thing she had n't expected was to have a private jet waiting for them at the airport .
` ` it 's that monthly thing , is n't it ?
there was little conviction behind her words ; the smug look on victor 's face only served to reinforce her earlier suspicions that her father was behind the whole thing .
the only thing it accomplished was a searing pain in the palm of his hand .
the next thing she knew , they were in gideon 's apartment .
and the funny thing is , we were never that close , '' she said , sniffling .
gideon could n't say for sure what rinaldi 's reasoning had been , but gideon had seen the whole thing , which had taken only a few moments .
i ' m not sure exactly what happened after that , or how it happened , but the next thing i knew , i had shifted ...
for all i know , it was a one - time thing . ''
the next thing she knew , gideon had pushed her down on the ground .
although daisy had done this sort of thing many times before , it always startled her to look at one of the undead at rest , because they looked very dead indeed .
` ` we ' ve let this kind of thing go on for too long , '' nicholas said , glancing around the room .
` ` maybe tina imagined the whole thing . ''
she had never heard of real - life vampires doing such a thing and thought it rather odd , but , hey , the whole vampire thing was odd .
` ` it was a near thing , though . ''
i do n't want the same thing happening to daisy . ''
` ` i 'll be the last thing you see before i send you to hell . ''
` ` you mean those weird people who dress all in black and pretend to be vampires , that kind of thing ? ''
ordered some new stock for the bar , that kind of thing . ''
one thing she did know .
he was about to return to the concert area when he became aware of two things simultaneously .
` ` okay , so i imagined the whole thing .
but , thanks to rhys , she knew the blood thing was real .
` ` we 'll be there first thing tomorrow night . ''
strangest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
megan tensed when villagrande lowered his head to her neck , but then a curious thing happened .
she 'd always thought that kind of thing only happened to people you did n't know .
you know such a thing is forbidden . ''
he murmured her name and then a curious thing happened .
she nodded , but the only thing that registered was that he was sending her away .
he murmured her name and the next thing she knew , they were in bed , lying naked in each other 's arms .
he growled something under his breath , and the next thing she knew , her nightgown and his clothes were gone and he was rising over her .
watching her take pleasure in her vampire nature had been a remarkably satisfying thing to see .
girly boys could sign up at the site and play the game on the computer , but if you wanted to try the real thing you needed two very special drugs : gone over wolf and feel - good .
but after spending an afternoon thinking about males and sex and living in the courtyard - and remembering some of the bad things that had taken place in the compound - she had an answer .
i did n't mention the book to any of you because i did n't think such a thing was possible . ''
it was quite another thing to start thinking like a human .
the only thing that marred the evening was when she looked out her apartment window before going to bed and spotted a man standing across the street , watching her .
a sterile , restricted life meant the girls had no other stimulation except the images , sounds , and other visuals in the lessons , and what was used as reference for the prophecies could be verified because it was assumed all of the girls saw and heard the same thing .
` ` because she 's the first thing in two years that made him curious enough to forget he 's afraid of being outside . ''
but one thing has already happened in the city that is supplied by jerzy . ''
` ` this is n't a good thing to talk about over the phone , '' merri lee finally said .
` ` same thing we always look for , '' blair replied .
he was just the cutest thing . ''
the next thing she knew , simon wolfgard was blocking her , snarling in a way that destroyed any pretense of his being human .
the only thing they have in common is they were near adams 's apartment last night , all around the same time . ''
could n't do anything except feel the relentless , terrible thing that was happening inside her body .
that thing shocked the fire out of me , '' he blurted out .
` ` i 'll figure out when 's a good time first thing in the morning , '' burnett added , making it clear he would be going with them .
` ` too bad , the whole glowing thing was totally cool .
` ` i know , and last night i was even thinking it was a good thing to do , but there 's one thing that makes me question doing that . ''
` ` the bad thing is that steve saved my ass .
` ` you ' ve held it before and the only thing it did was glow . ''
the last thing she saw was the closet door ajar and her young son watching in horror as she took her last breath .
she was the best thing that ever happened to me , but i did n't know it then .
` ` okay , the thing to remember is if they insist i leave , i 'll shift and hang around .
and lately i noticed the same thing you did .
the only thing she was aware of was socks sleeping on her stomach , his pointed skunk nose resting between her breasts .
the last thing she saw was the bed ruffle sliding over her face as she slipped into dark oblivion .
` ` if there was one thing i could change in the world , that would be it . ''
` ` and here 's the thing , '' kylie continued .
obviously , he 'd decided not to be mad at her about the whole net thing .
` ` we 'll go and see what we can find first thing in the morning .
the first thing kylie noticed was a voodoo doll hanging from the ceiling with pins in it .
her eyes stung , her throat knotted , and the next thing she knew she was in his arms .
the only thing it stated was some of the case studies considered themselves chameleons . ''
and that is the last thing we want to happen right now . ''
what freaky thing would she be calling her grandfather or running to hayden to help her fix ?
so close that she could smell his scent - a scent that reminded her of how the dew - kissed woods smelled first thing in the morning .
` ` change is n't the worst thing , kylie .
the next thing she knew she was against his chest , her tears and almost silent sobs being absorbed by his pale blue t - shirt and his extra warm chest .
she knew he wanted to reconcile with her mom , and while kylie was n't sure he deserved a second chance after cheating on her , she could n't deny wanting at least one thing in her world to go back to the way it had been .
it 's just a natural thing male weres do .
i mean , the lights were on but nobody was home kind of thing .
but ... okay , here 's the thing .
` ` thing is , those two sort of go hand in hand .
when asked , miranda confessed she had n't yet spoken to perry about the dance / dragon thing from last night .
she immediately thought of derek and that crazy thing he did when he was really close to her .
kylie spotted miranda eating with the witches , and della had a vampire thing that morning .
` ` looking hot , '' della said , obviously noticing the same thing .
it had to be the most romantic thing kylie had ever seen .
it was a stupid thing to think about now .
stupid thing for mrs . parker to bring up , too .
` ` i did n't want to mention it because it 's not a sure thing , but burnett told me that the real brightens , in ireland , confirmed their plane reservations back to the states for the middle of september . ''
the same thing hit her again .
` ` i saw you skip out of the dining hall yesterday when he walked in , and the same thing happened at dinner . ''
and the craziest thing happened .
was this the bad thing that the ghosts had been talking about ?
the one good thing that happened lately was kylie no longer felt that strange sense of being watched .
the only thing kylie could think this could be about was ... ` ` wait .
the only thing that left the slightest bit of a question in her mind was that soldier dude would n't quit showing up .
` ` let her go back to her safe little world where the only thing she worries about is if her daddy loves her .
this kiss , the thing she 'd felt was somehow more .
` ` yeah , but he never ... al his offenses could be explained by accidents - trying to show me the right keys on the piano , that kind of thing .
the only positive thing happening was that soldier dude had n't returned .
hit with deja vu , she remembered almost the same thing happening the first time she 'd walked through these doors .
and when she glanced at the nurse that crazy thing was on her forehead again .
` ` and this , '' she waved a hand between them , ` ` this is n't the same thing . ''
she sensed his hesitancy and that could mean only one thing .
but the only thing that would hurt worse than losing steve was knowing she was hurting him .
the next thing she knew , they were lying on their sides .
` ` you ... and the whole bonding thing with chase .
` ` burnett 's checked into the whole bonding thing , and there 's a little information that backs up the fact that it 's real , but what it says is vague .
the same thing happened to me when i was ... being reborn . ''
` ` we discovered the same thing happening in dallas and were able to stop it .
one thing she did know : it had n't come in peace .
except her , she told herself , not willing to accept that her and steve 's ` ` thing '' was more than a passing fancy .
` ` so now you and the bird have a thing going , huh ? ''
she 'd let him kiss her while in bed , and the next thing she knew their clothes started falling off .
the whole turning - invisible thing that chameleons did - which , like chameleons themselves , was super rare in the paranormal community - still freaked some people out .
pain exploded in the back of her head as if she 'd been struck by ... by ... she fell to her knees , black spots appeared in her vision , and the last thing she saw was a shadowy figure dancing behind the spray of water .
` ` i had an open wound and- '' ` ` i know , '' kylie said , ` ` but maybe the same thing happened to chan and your uncle . ''
sure , derek was n't the type to start rumors , but according to jenny , everyone already knew della and steve had a ` ` thing . ''
or had n't this kind of thing happened in the past and they called them indentured servants ?
even if the worst thing happens and you do n't stay together . ''
this aura thing has her freaked out . ''
i think this thing we ' ve got going might lead somewhere .
the way he defended his wife was the most romantic thing della had ever seen .
` ` the same thing happened to chan ? ''
` ` the bonding thing , do you know about that ? ''
and not just about this bond thing , but about who sent him looking for her .
it had hurt like hell , but his coach had been the one to take him to the hospital and the last thing he 'd wanted was to look weak in front of his coach .
but merl had more power and the next thing samuel knew , he lay face down on the carpet , a knee in his back , and one arm pulled back and upright to the breaking point .
one thing led to another and he was inside her again , thrusting hard and making her groan , whimper , and cry out all over again .
` ` i take it this kind of thing is common on third earth ? ''
the last thing he heard was sharav saying , ` ` do n't touch the sword , you idiot ; it 's identified . ''
death can be a beautiful thing to watch , a kind of thrill that never ceases to please . ''
` ` vampire thing ? ''
the only thing that 's bothering me is you telling me that i do n't live here and that i ca n't stay in my own house .
she wondered if this would last or if it was a passing thing .
the last thing she remembered was the halloween ball and it being almost thanksgiving .
she could n't recall one thing that had happened since their jump into the water .
` ` i do n't remember that , '' hunter said , ` ` but i ' m a guy , i would n't notice that sort of thing anyway . ''
it was odd to her , but that was probably because she was new to this whole thing .
she was still in shock by the whole thing .
she did n't know what to do and the only thing she could do was look up and acknowledge what was about to happen .
it was the strangest thing she 'd ever imagined .
` ` this is the biggest thing to happen to ahs in years , thanks to you ! ''
but i really had nothing to do with the whole thing .
as they closed behind her , the one thing she realized was that she had finally messed it all up for good : now she did n't have a single friend left at ahs .
the next thing that rachel knew , she felt herself being picked up in benji 's strong arms .
she knew now that level of wrath had come from somewhere else , and the only thing that could have inspired it was the loss of devon .
she shuddered at the thought , a bubble of anger and protection welled up at just the thought of such a thing happening .
she was the most magnificent thing he had ever felt , the most wonderful thing he had ever hoped to feel .
it must be a safety thing .
though , i can not guarantee that any of us will survive if such a thing happens . ''
but , unfortunately , their lives would allow no such thing to happen .
it was a weird thing to realize .
he could not live through the loss of her life ; he could not keep his sanity if such a thing happened .
it is a very intimate thing , one that only certain vampires share with each other , one that i never wished to share with someone else .
it was a rare thing for a vampire to find , but once mates were discovered they could never be separated .
isla 's body had been swiftly disposed of , hidden in the woods in a clearing where the sun would hit it first thing , turning it to cinder .
it had been the first time she had ever kissed him , and though it had been wonderful , it had been nothing compared to the real thing .
` ` and one thing i will not survive is the loss of your life . ''
` ` i ' m feeling better after that attack , but it was still the scariest thing ever . ''
` ` i barely felt a thing . ''
` ` are you really going to this thing ? ''
his head bent over her hand , his lips pressed so gently against her skin was the most debonair , sweetest thing she had ever seen .
he had been an awful thing back then .
` ` i 'll take care of her , '' he promised , knowing that it would be the only thing lily would care about .
this , this is just the most wonderful thing that i have ever experienced .
but he 'd had no intention of ever letting such a thing happen .
he had never had such a thing happen before , had never lost control of his ability in such a way .
at the time , we never could have imagined that such a thing as the slaughter would occur .
they were like rats in a maze , going through the same thing day after day .
` ` the thing in the woods , '' cassie said softly , looking wildly at melissa and chris .
` ` there is one thing that he ca n't keep blocked out . ''
the worst thing he ever could have imagined happening to aria was caleb getting his hands on her .
she wanted to rip it from her body and she knew the only thing that would make it better was death .
` ` you might also be able to survive such a thing ? ''
it may have been my father 's age that allowed such a thing to happen , it may have taken more time for them to rejuvenate , or it may have simply just been my father 's bloodline . ''
she was the first thing he had witnesses in over a hundred years .
` ` he would allow the same thing to happen to me , if the roles were reversed .
she had gone two months without him , had spent two months trying to forget him , but this past week had been the longest and the hardest thing she had ever had to endure .
he 'd come with caleb to make sure that such a thing did n't happen , and it nearly had earlier , and might still happen if caleb was somehow able to track him .
the same thing had happened with caleb and jericho .
that 's an awful thing , you hurt her . ''
he would frighten her if such a thing happened though , and that was not what he was looking to do at the moment .
the last thing she needed was duchess winnie out trying to stake a vampire again , and lady nilly inviting one into her bedchamber .
` ` mm ... she was curious , and so gwennie helped ... and next thing , she had red eyes and fangs .
the next thing she knew , max clanged the grate 's door open and jumped down the shallow incline , his stake black and lethal in his hand .
it would have been the last thing he 'd seen .
the next thing she knew , victoria was shoved up against the rough stone wall .
` ` the last thing i expected to see was you , when sara introduced you as her new friend . ''
` ` when is this bloody thing going to start ? ''
somehow , he must have understood what was in her face , for the next thing she knew , sebastian was there again , drawing her into his arms .
the oddest thing of all was that mr . goodwin even knew of the incident in the dials .
as victoria leaned forward to select one of the blooms , two things happened : she realized that the back of her neck had chilled , and something sprayed in her face from the midst of the flowers .
the next thing he knew , he was lying on the bed .
the last thing she knew was a pair of blood - soaked lips covering hers ... and then she tipped into a hot , red oblivion .
that 's the only thing it could be .
victoria readied her stake , and the last thing she saw before the red - eyed creatures attacked was lilith bending to max .
what an odd thing to think about max , of all people .
the last thing she remembered was seeing max collapse under a cluster of vampires ; then something struck her from behind and her world went dark.now ... she had no idea how long she 'd been lying here ... wherever she was .
` ` but ' t was a near thing . ''
it had been a near thing , her mother and conte regalado .
the only thing she had to be thankful for was that she 'd killed him before he 'd fed on a mortal - thus before he 'd damned himself and his soul .
the only thing that had taken her away was when zavier 's unconscious body had been brought to the consilium hours ago , and then victoria 's subsequent arrival .
we started to fight , and when he pulled out a knife , i took mine out too ... and the next thing i knew he was n't fighting back .
he came after her again , close behind , without giving her a chance to catch her breath , and the next thing she knew , she was whirling back to face him .
to think of such a thing happening at claythorne ! ''
chapter 21 in which monsieur vioget makes an unflattering comparison to our heroine when victoria came back to herself , the first thing she noticed was that the nape of her neck was cold.then , that she could n't move her arms .
` ` i would love to see your mark , '' she asked coyly , making it clear that that was n't the only thing she wished to see .
thank god he 'd arrived late enough to miss the damned thing .
the next thing she knew , her opponent had her by the waist .
` ` lord jellington , my cousin , called on me first thing this morning , '' melly interceded .
jim , tsa , and anyone else with enough rank to get near the monitors were watching this whole thing on eph 's shoulder - mounted camera .
the thing he had been waiting for .
somebody there remembers this thing .
the first thing eph saw was the discarded kurt pod against the side wall .
` ` mr . bolivar , can you tell me , what is the last thing you remember about the landing ? ''
she wanted this solar occultation thing to be over with , and to know that she would never have to experience this feeling again .
he looked inside the envelope and the first thing he saw was his pay .
` ` the only thing i remember between our descent and waking up here - is that he came back .
the man dropped to one knee , choking out this thing in his throat .
but brooklyn is reporting the same thing . ''
night had again taken the sky - the thing she had dreaded all day .
he had n't been able to get gabe on the phone , but there were whispers about his health now , following the flight 753 thing and a paparazzi picture of him in a wheelchair and rudy had to see for himself .
it 's something ... extraordinary ... easily the worst thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
tho last thing ho romombored was thom throwing gus into the back of an suv .
but the stillnoss of this thing was doathliko .
somo would say that a thing visiblo is a thing vulnorablo . ''
` ` funny thing , '' said fot , ` ` is that whon i ripped out that thing 's throat , and got a goed look in thoroi '' ` ` yosi '' said sotrakian .
bocauso it is ono thing to have a rat raco up your arm in blind foar .
i moan , this guy was at the contor of the wholo initial thing , if momory sorvos .
ho moant it to be the last thing ho saw of this placo .
this thing she was contomplating was a horror .
but the worst thing that oph had imaginod -- zack 's roturn as a vampire sooking his fathor 's soul -- turned out not to be the worst thing at all .
tho worst thing was -- zack never camo .
tho strigoi were ovorywhoro , liko spidors or ants , making suro that those loft alivo were truly fitting back into a routino ... and yet the most shocking thing of all was ... how little life had truly changod .
` ` i think the scariost thing is that you actually do boliovo this . ''
` ` you would n't mindi '' tho only thing fot cared about was that she wanted his opinion .
no such thing as thorapy anymore .
` ` mr . winkler , i felt almost the same after the thing with the water , '' ashe remarked while slipping on his shirt .
i want a call , first thing monday , '' zeke said and hung up .
the thompson 's will be here first thing tomorrow , at least . ''
the last thing ashe saw before he fainted was gavin 's worried face above his .
he asked about you , first thing , '' trajan said gently .
` ` do n't tell anybody except trajan and mr . winkler about the time thing . ''
these were on my arm the morning after the whole star cove thing .
` ` damnedest thing , '' trajan muttered .
that would be ten deaths and not an easy thing to explain when someone had to clean up bodies later .
wildrif , bearing long experience at this sort of thing , fell onto the floor of beldris ' tunnel , jerking and weeping uncontrollably .
` ` he did n't see a thing .
denise and marcus had brought burgers and hot dogs to grill and the whole thing turned into a neighborhood party .
cell phones had been taken away first thing , when they 'd landed on the small island .
` ` i hope the same thing ; i ' m not sure how those kids might fit into a paranormal school , although i 'll instruct the principal to allow it if necessary . ''
francis sighed over the whole thing and climbed into the van after his wife and fifteen - year - old daughter .
there 's spaghetti and that sort of thing , but we 'll have to get someone to run to the store after they tell us what they need , '' sharon sounded worried .
they 'd been caught first thing by one of those - vampires .
` ` well , it is n't like that sort of thing has n't happened in the past . ''
` ` this is the coolest thing ever , '' bryce said , still staring at wynn .
and the sad thing is , i do n't know what i am , either .
ashe had sent mindspeech to marcus and jason first thing , after the assailant had run from the store .
the last thing to come about was jane scott and nick lawford 's waking in an oklahoma city hospital , with no memory of what had transpired in and around cloud chief and cordell .
the community breathed ragged , relieved sighs over the whole thing and winkler , trace , roger and toby had gone back to dallas .
not a single thing happened .
ashe had called first thing to invite sali along .
thirty - seven adult werewolves had stared straight at him and none of them had seen a thing .
` ` it 's the damndest thing , '' micah said .
* * * ` ` aedan , he 's really upset over this randy smith thing , '' adele had gone down to her husband 's bunker when he woke .
toff had learned early on why corent 's hair predicted things - he got that from his green fae mother .
he said as much , but he also said that one of the half - fae put those two downstairs up to the whole thing .
almost there , toff was trying to reassure himself when the worst thing imaginable happened .
the shovel had been harder to find - he 'd dropped it first thing .
` ` mom , '' tory said first thing as they made their way inside a spacious room that toff could only stare at in amazement .
` ` blood of the saa thalarr is a wondrous thing , young one , '' karzac moved gavin over so he could put his hands on me .
` ` thank goodness , '' i muttered , and that 's the last thing i remembered for a while .
the other thing i noticed was the iv line in my hand and a bag of blood hooked up to feed me .
` ` oh , that was a sad thing , and still affects the family , '' the woman replied .
the most surprising thing , i think , was that shadow came to the funeral .
the other thing that happened after black mist and solar red died is this - one spring day , when the weather was warm and the comesuli farmers were out planting their early crops , poradina went into labor .
in fact , it was the last thing i 'd thought might come to pass , given where we were and whose palace this was .
if that had been wyatt , the same thing would have happened and wylend would have torn the planet apart . ''
the whole thing was likely designed by the conclave itself so that every five years , a different world received a windfall from the visiting members and the ensuing tourism surrounding the event .
well , i had n't heard his name dragged through the muck like mine had been over this thing or that .
bryan riley was getting a high five from brock and grace , who also had experience in this sort of thing .
i was almost in front of her and prepared to accept the ring , as weary , filthy and covered in dust and berry juice as i was , when two things happened .
wlodek , merrill and flavio answered my call and the worst thing in the world happened .
then the weirdest thing of all happened .
` ` tell us at least one thing you did while you were gone . ''
` ` hell of a thing , '' the bartended said , placing a fresh beer in front of the twins .
the other thing that went well , i suppose , was that i was gaining a little weight back .
that sounds like the most awkward thing ever . ''
the shocking thing came while we were preparing to fold to london - i learned the villa was roughly a mile away from merrill 's old manor .
i nodded in agreement - it was the damnedest thing .
` ` maybe they should check other worlds , too , and see if the same thing is happening elsewhere , '' i suggested .
i felt sure that charles had already done research into medical records and that sort of thing .
roff , still huddled in a corner as far away as he could get , watched the whole thing , his eyes wide with shock .
` ` no , we 're at the ring thing , '' i said .
` ` in on that terrorist thing ? ''
` ` he has some of the cases that come back to us ; potential germ warfare and that sort of thing , '' tony frowned and coughed into his hand .
the worst thing i saw was one of the guests slipping a snack into a coat pocket .
the last thing i saw - before the room went dark , that is - was winkler in wolf form , viciously snapping larry 's head from his shoulders with powerful jaws .
gavin , tony and rene did n't take long to remove heads from bodies , and bill and his buddies were there to witness the entire thing .
this sort of thing always embarrassed me , and i discovered that i could now flush , which embarrassed me further .
the sad thing , though ?
many were the times i 'd heard of some horrible thing done to the innocent and it made me want to take away the pain and fear they 'd experienced before they died .
normally i did n't have a problem with this sort of thing , as long as the female enjoyed her profession and i know many do .
they were still sitting there , ordering more drinks when three people walked into the bar and what happened next might have been the strangest thing i 'd ever experienced .
` ` probably the same thing we have looked for , '' wlodek sighed .
charles was shaking his head over the whole thing .
he could n't find a thing wrong with our ids or computer records ; dragon sent mindspeech , telling me that pheligar the larentii was very efficient at this sort of thing .
vampires are a hardy bunch and aside from being a bit grumpy over the whole thing , they came out all right .
i got to clean his room , first thing the next morning . ''
` ` my claiming marks are quite lovely , '' kifirin observed , first thing .
gavin had taken bartholomew 's cell phone first thing ; he 'd turn it over to wlodek .
` ` lissa has news for you , honored one , '' merrill said , first thing .
he pulled out his laptop first thing once we got off the ground , preparing to write his inevitable emails .
the last thing i remembered was decapitating a vampire and i wondered how i 'd gotten into a bed somewhere in between .
i could n't get a scent off him but there was one thing i did know - and had known since the first time i 'd seen him - he was n't vampire .
and the sad thing is i do n't think she would have minded all that much . ''
it looked like a business of sorts , containing a desk with a phone ( unplugged ) a copy machine , chairs , corkboards on the walls , that sort of thing .
the unfortunate thing is this ; karl is demanding the seconds fight .
winkler , who 'd stood back and watched the whole thing , asked weldon if he and davis could ride back to the house with him and thomas .
i drank my dinner first thing and then with nothing else to do , i stripped the sheets off my bed to wash . tony had a small laundry room - mostly i 'd used it to wash my jeans , t - shirts and underwear .
if i could have gulped i might have , but one thing i noticed while i was there was that everything was alarmed .
charles stood at gavin 's shoulder , watching the whole thing with a bit of amusement in his eyes .
the other thing that was different was franklin 's lover from new york had come to visit .
the first thing to happen after all the council members quieted expectantly was winkler 's preparation to turn to wolf .
i thought i was going to have to get the thing catered . ''
` ` has this sort of thing happened before ? ''
` ` some days i hate my job , '' weldon shrugged out of his shirt first thing when we got back to the room .
ever since rene 's little fiasco and the thing with the bomb , well , he 'd gotten worse .
her continued existence was the only thing likely to keep weldon and winkler alive , too , so i was grateful for that much .
` ` same thing that happened to the miller kid . ''
kellee , for some reason , rubbed against winkler throughout the entire meal , feeding him bits of her dinner and that sort of thing .
weldon witnessed the entire thing ; he was smiling slightly as we walked toward our suv .
he 'd been there to witness the whole thing .
the thing that led to this pivotal scene in my life .
if such a thing were possible , that is .
maybe he was used to this sort of thing but i sure as hell was n't .
flaring tempers almost turned that whole thing into a bloodbath last night .
i hovered around a stand of pines waiting for things to get started , trying to pick lester and bart out of the crowd .
` ` the truth is , you 're the best thing that 's happened around here in a long while .
that sort of thing does n't exist as a regular venue .
we stopped at a jewelry store the very last thing as the mall was about to close .
he checked the fridge first thing , checking our blood supply .
i open my eyes and see the last thing harley saw before he left us .
the only thing on the agenda that actually happened is that we were all frozen .
33 elder ` ` frex , '' i mumble as marae runs down the list of every thing that 's happened so far today .
about the thing . ''
` ` in the last video , the one that i found when i discovered the missing explosives , '' i say , climbing up onto the chair , ` ` orion told me that the last thing i need to find will be in godspeed . ''
the last thing i remember is losing control of my body , just as i felt when i was frozen .
i guess the only thing his absence this morning really proved was that i want - need - him around too .
the thing he found on the very first day but has been careful to hardly mention again .
there is only him and me and this thing between us that i can not name , not out loud , but that my heart knows is love .
` ` the only thing that could stop them is if the entire space station is destroyed .
my eyes let me see farther , but they do n't show me the one thing i want to see .
there are so many people around that i expect the city to be loud , but when zane opens the door , the only thing i hear is the rhythmic pounding of feet on pavement .
but i wo n't let this sort of thing ever happen again on my planet , my home .
here 's the thing you never expected : if you enslave an entire group of people for as long as you ' ve enslaved the hybrids , they 're a bit angry .
strong lenses , powerful sands , that sort of thing .
` ` is that the sort of thing you should be thinking about ? ''
this is the thing that the librarians do n't want you to know about . ''
however , if the pulling of a sword from a handbag is the thing in this story that stops you , then you likely need therapy .
one thing to remember is this : primitive does n't always mean useless .
the thing is , if i could go back , i 'd still tell myself not to go with grandpa smedry on that strange , unfortunate day .
the breaking - the - action thing is totally my own fault . )
true , i 'd broken the first pair - but that sort of thing tended to happen a lot around me .
now this might have seemed like a very stupid thing to forget , but you ca n't blame me .
it seemed an odd thing to think of .
( which you might agree is a rather strange thing to be mentioning while hanging upside down through the use of magical glass boots . )
the thing is , i ' ve noticed that people tend to treat books like fish sticks .
some say that fame is a fleeting thing .
' that 's the kind of thing they think happens in the hushlands , ' himalaya said , smiling at me , still playing idly with the mints .
the most exciting thing that happened was when we stopped so that folsom could use the restroom .
both showed the same thing .
' you missed the whole thing with the treaty , son , ' grandpa said .
' this sort of thing does n't happen to me very often ! '
' but that was probably the most exciting thing i ' ve been a part of since grandpa showed up on my doorstep six months ago ! '
perhaps bastille had surprised them ; facing a bunch of soldiers who had n't slept in days was one thing , but a fully trained crystin was another .
or , well , i would have sat upright , save for that whole pinned - to - the - ground - and - tied - up thing .
apparently school speeches are one thing france ca n't improve .
but the most astonishing thing is that all of the books are in english .
i doze in and out of a peaceful dream , and the next thing i know , the captain 's voice is crackling over the airplane .
and though i do n't think dave would ever get excited by a history book or wear a funny hat made by his mom , the important thing is this : dave is available .
it 's the sexiest thing i have ever seen .
and his hands are folded in his lap as if spying on his unsuspecting female neighbor was the most natural thing in the world .
it 's a rare thing from cricket bell .
it 's every bad thing that can happen to someone 's head , all at once .
somehow , this is the sexiest thing that has ever happened to me .
` ` cricket ... this is the most extraordinary thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` ... and then , it was the strangest thing , i walk into the room and there 's courtney love .
he feels a strange gratitude toward his brother , for he knows he could have slept through the whole thing .
but it 's not until you 're standing right there that you can truly understand what a spectacular kind of thing this is .
he remembers that it 's july 4th , but that seems like a rude thing to mention to a canadian .
the truth is , though , i would n't have minded reliving my greatest hits : when rob cokran and i first hooked up in the middle of the dance floor at homecoming , so everyone saw and knew we were together ; when lindsay , elody , ally , and i got drunk and tried to make snow angels in may , leaving person - sized imprints in ally 's lawn ; my sweet - sixteen party , when we set out a hundred tea lights and danced on the table in the backyard ; the time lindsay and i pranked clara seuse on halloween , got chased by the cops , and laughed so hard we almost threw up - the things i wanted to remember ; the things i wanted to be remembered for .
here 's the thing : it should n't be me .
i ' m hosting the party and it 's the one thing i ask .
that 's a funny thing : you think , when awful things happen , everything else just stops , like you would forget to pee and eat and get thirsty , but it 's not really true .
i ' m terrified of her : a ghost in the door , the kind of stuff you have nightmares about when you 're a kid , the kind of thing they make horror movies about .
then the craziest thing in the world happens .
things change after you die , though - i guess because dying is about the loneliest thing you can do .
that 's a thing we sometimes do , type up and send the exact same messages at exactly the same time .
and it 's the funniest thing : as soon as i see it , the whistling in my ears stops and the feeling of terror drains away , and i realize this whole time i have n't been falling at all .
oh my god , you guys , it was the weirdest thing ... she got the biggest bouquet of flowers ... she actually smiled .
he bites the edge of his lip - the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen .
i ca n't hear what he says , but when she untangles herself i can see she 's giggling , like getting mauled by a half - naked , sweaty senior who 's blitzed out of his mind is the best thing that 's happened to her all day .
it 's just the kind of thing that happens .
she says this with a smile , like this is the funniest thing in the world .
` ` the funny thing is , it was n't even me .
to lindsay i say , ` ` i ' m not sure it 's the kind of thing you can explain . ''
he says my name once , just breathes it , and i never knew that a single syllable could transform my whole body into a dancing , glowing thing .
it 's a nice thing to see .
i 'd occasionally experienced this sort of thing from love - struck freshmen during junior year , but i was pretty certain that my status as an unattainable upperclassman had been irrevocably withdrawn .
the only good thing was that phoebe , whom i 'd suspected would crush me , wound up being surprisingly terrible at debate , and had only competed at one tournament so far .
i could n't imagine such a thing ever happening to our school 's tennis team - or any sports team , really .
and maybe it was just as well , after all , since i wanted our first kiss to be more than some drunken thing at a debate tournament .
i 'd dated charlotte for such a long time that i 'd forgotten how these things went , how everyone would stare as we climbed out of my car in the senior lot in our sunglasses , carrying identical mugs of coffee .
a junior from jv tennis named tommy yang ( the younger brother of notable pantsless sake bomber kenneth yang ) had been on the courts that night and seen the whole thing .
` ` it 's a homecoming thing .
it would have been flattering , but useless , since it was the kind of thing that was over the moment it began .
but maybe it was better this way , remembering those few months at the beginning of the year as this wonderful thing that was over now , rather than living in cassidy 's world without her .
one thing i ' ve noticed is that the only places people insist you relax are the least relaxing places on the planet .
but one interesting thing toby told me was that the barrows school was on the tournament list .
mcenroe and fleming watched the whole thing .
` ` but he died of a , um , heart thing , '' i said .
oscar wilde once said that to live is the rarest thing in the world , because most people just exist , and that 's all .
one thing they did n't describe on that poster was my new blue tattoo .
` ` yes , mistress , '' i say , and think to myself , it was a close thing a few times , but ... ` ` when last i asked that question , you blushed .
it was just a close thing , is all , but now it 's mostly banter , wordplay twixt the two of us , like , so , jacky , all i have to do is go over to england , put my sword through this jaimy fletcher , and then you 'll consent to be my mistress ?
i already knew about this sort of thing from my friend amy , she being highly political and a staunch abolitionist .
the girls are quiet now , as they have just seen a man killed and it was not a pretty thing .
i ' ve found- '' ` ` uh , '' says katy , ` ` one thing ... that girl elspeth .
stories of ghost ships , and of ghastly apparitions , and of other weird , unexplainable things fill their tales of this place , tales they tell one another in their dark holds at night to feed one another 's darkest fears .
` ` the only thing out of the ordinary found on the marie celestine , '' julia concludes , ` ` was a string of seaweed at the door to the crew 's berth . ''
she does not look me in the eye once during this whole thing .
the last thing i see is his face , which bears that look of complete and total surprise that many men wear when the unthinkable , their own end , becomes certain .
` ` i wondered if your weight loss was a recent thing .
` ` that is maybe the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' fin intoned dryly .
and the only thing more embarrassing than them thinking i was dating fin , would be them finding out i owed him an insane amount of money and was trying to work it off through free services .
fin seemed to be hyper - aware of our closeness too because his throat was doing that thing again where i watched his adam 's apple bob up and down as he worked to swallow .
` ` we could even do that thing , where people clap their hands and jump up and down and ... . '' britte trailed off pretending to be confused .
` ` for that thing , the other day . ''
` ` that is the grossest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' jameson said with a puckered look on his face .
that ca n't be a real thing .
he had his way with my mouth and my neck and my ears so that when he finally walked to his car my mouth was swollen , my vision hazy and my brain imagining every single thing those kisses promised .
his eyes had gone dark and intense and his jaw was doing that ticking thing , that rapid muscle movement i was starting to realize appeared whenever he was trying to hold himself back .
` ` we had a thing , like years ago , and she 's apparently not over it . ''
` ` i heard family thing in new york . ''
he 's used to chloe , with whom there 's no such thing as skipping the baggage carousel .
the last thing i expect to see is reid bowed over , an arm across his abdomen .
* * * one thing that does n't happen often is finding myself alone with graham douglas .
their clothing varies , so it was n't a one - time thing .
convincing emma that graham and i had a thing going was relatively easy .
it would be ridiculous for him to have any residual feelings for me , but that might not stop him from being vindictive over my rejection , because one thing reid alexander does n't get is rejected .
wondering if i 'd been blind to this , i thought back over the past few months and could n't pinpoint a thing he 'd said or done that would have let me know he was growing possessive .
* * * * * * * * * reid watching brooke and emma face off is possibly the most involuntarily hot thing i ' ve ever witnessed .
i suppose love is never a sure thing , no matter what words are spoken .
the first thing i remember is the last thing that happened - graham leaving a piece of paper on the night table before he leaned over , hands on either side of my head , and kissed me goodbye .
cuz i promise i ' m proud of you and can sit still for the whole thing .
the last thing i wanted to appear was dumber than my mom .
behind my mother 's eyes the gears turn furiously , trying to figure out how to make that exact thing happen .
the most puzzling thing was reid 's objection .
not exactly the sort of thing i 'd want my mother , my daughter or my girlfriend to walk in on , no matter how innocuous it was .
maybe because they did have a thing going last fall - i keep imagining them together , which is senseless and asinine .
this is the sort of thing george would term ` ` free positive pr '' -an occurrence that i , apparently , ca n't get too much of .
she sighs , and i know she 's reliving the whole thing .
chapter 23 reid the last thing i expect is for her to open her mouth , almost imperceptibly , so subtly that if i was n't paying attention i might miss it .
no such thing as fate .
everyone thinks that fal ing to your death is the worst thing that can happen .
the worst thing is to be alive for no reason .
as i stare at the photo on my display , i realize one thing .
i angle my head , struck by the thing i ' ve just figured out .
dori : that 's ok . shayma and i are helping with a free laundry thing for local homeless people on saturday anyway .
that seems like a wrong sort of thing to feel fortunate about , but i ' m a dick , so i 'll take it .
i would take exception if that exact thing had n't transpired a couple of years ago .
nancy says she wants to get married , too , and maybe she and her man would have a tavern where there 'd be lots of good things to eat and drink , but they 'd keep scum like muck out , it bein ' a respectable place , like .
charlie ' specially likes the broadsides , which are songs written out making fun of something or somebody or some big thing that happened .
i caught on right fast to the dancing and playing because i have this thing in me that loves to show off and be in the center of things .
like that thing yesterday on the fantail , when he ... '' ` ` stop . ''
i bring my mind back to the foretop , and now davy is talking about how since we got tattoos and oaths and such , the next thing is a gold ring in our ears .
chapter 36 the first thing i feel in the morning is someone lifting the flap of the hammock off of our faces , and i open an eyelid and it 's davy 's shocked face i ' m seeing looking down .
the funny thing about this song , i thinks , putting the pennywhistle back up to my lips and breathing out the slow sad melody , is that it starts out like that with the two lovers all tight and true and then it goes to : love is gentle and love is kind , the sweetest flower when first it 's new , but love grows old , and waxes cold , and fades away , like the morning dew pretty harsh , that .
jaimy , oh ... that 's the last thing i sees , 'cause lefievre sees his plan gone wrong and turns to run , but before he does he gives the keg a kick and over it goes .
i could sense things happening elsewhere : a voyant walking down the street , a gathering of spirits in the garden .
mostly spirit combat - showing you can make spools , that kind of thing .
this did n't sound like the sort of thing i wanted to face .
next thing i know , my head feels like it 's being run over and it 's like there 's been an oil spill in the ther .
the whole thing must have been a setup .
the last thing i saw was my body crumpling to the ground .
the last thing i saw was julian and liss , both at the mercy of a man i could no longer fight .
it was the most ancient and terrible thing i 'd ever felt in the ther .
` ` timing two minutes , '' nick said , and that was the last thing i heard , at least in meatspace .
such a thing , it fair tears me heart out . ''
her kind is generally oblivious to that sort of thing from the servants .
and the life of the nancy b. was not the only thing clarissa got into ... she also got into my bed .
` ` now tell me the thing about the leopard . ''
we found it overturned and broken up - prolly by pigger o'toole and his foul crew , who must ' ve watched the whole thing and laughed at the poor lad 's distress .
is it not the most wondrous thing , jacky - i write out the amount and sign your name and they give me money ?
the only thing i ca n't give joni is sex .
and that 's the saddest , maddest thing of all .
it may have been the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` the thing is - coach was right , '' russ says .
it 's a stupid thing to remember , but it 's what i have .
come on , the worst thing to happen is he loses interest , and everything 's back to the way it was before he moved here . ''
besides , talking to him could get him to leave me alone , especially once he realizes there 's not much to know - which will be the best thing that could happen , not the worst .
` ` as far as i know , '' i replied , trying to sound casual , like it was n't the only thing i could think about .
i did n't mean to sleep through the entire thing . ''
not to mention that he 's holding your hand like it 's the most natural thing in the world .
what i could n't tell her was that if her mom called , it would be the worst thing that could happen .
his firm grasp of my hand was the only thing keeping me from believing that i was dreaming the entire thing .
the next thing i knew , she was pointing to people in the pictures and talking about where they were and what was going on .
` ` yeah , that was a onetime thing , and it really did n't pay that much . ''
` ` the whole thing scared me , '' i said , still feeling the after effects trembling beneath my skin .
his answer was n't verbal because the next thing i heard was the door shutting , followed by gasping sobs at the top of the stairs .
` ` i do remember one thing , '' i said , gazing at him with a soft smile on my face .
but the next thing i knew , it was morning .
` ` what was that sweater thing all about the other night ? ''
this was the place where bad things happened and nightmares took root .
` ` the only thing you 're sorry about is that i was ever born .
i was n't certain i liked that he 'd witnessed the next thing on my list .
i swear i blacked out , because the next thing i knew , we were back in the car .
i needed a sure thing .
' not a bad thing to see first thing in the morning . '
' not a bad thing to see first thing in the morning . '
but the only thing we got a look at was too much of charlotte chase in a jean skirt two sizes too small .
i tried to keep my eyes on the road , tried to remember the rest of the dream - some detail , one thing that would prove to her that she was , i do n't know , her , and that i was me .
it was another thing to hang out with old man ravenwood .
` ` the way granddaddy told it , that was n't the only thing strange 'bout that night , '' aunt prue said , feeding harlon james a piece of bacon .
i had seen this kind of thing before .
the last thing i remembered was the freezing cold moving up my body , my throat closing up , and lena 's voice .
she arrived with your boy , ethan , which can mean only one thing .
losing her was the worst thing i could imagine .
` ` what was the circle thing ? ''
no one said a word , and i was willing to bet the jackson angels had n't seen a thing .
you know , he 's been in and out of every yard and parking lot in your fair town , and i 'll bet he 's seen a thing or two . ''
we were supposed to be at the science fair , watching alice milkhouse soak an egg in vinegar , listening to jackson freeman argue there was no such thing as global warming , and annie honeycutt counter with how to make jackson a green school .
i did not , as so often happens in stories , think that the whole thing had never happened .
that 's the one thing i know for sure . ''
right about now , getting shot did n't seem like the worst thing in the world .
it was that thing , about girls and jewelry .
ridley called from the doorway , where she was hanging back on the veranda , sucking on her red lollipop with an intensity that made me think if she stopped this whole thing might fall like a house of cards .
i mean , it was crazy , the whole thing .
not the craziest thing i 'd seen today , but still .
probably the biggest thing that happened this summer - aside from the heat that would n't stop overheating and the creepy crawlers that would n't stop creeping or crawling - was the introduction of a linkubus to the unsuspecting world of gatlin .
it must be an incubus thing , '' link said , pul ing the heavy outer door open with one hand like he was taking the lid off a piece of tupperware .
the thing lena and i did n't talk about .
` ` here 's the thing , barbie .
waiting , like the rest of us who knew ridley , for the terrible thing that had n't happened yet but would any second now .
` ` the weird thing is , i keep hearing that phrase - the wheel of fate .
` ` you know , there is a little thing called the stop and steal around here , '' i said .
freaking out and chasing down hybrid incubuses and ridley , my mother and mrs . english , and some crazy thing about some crazy wheel ... she smiled .
that 's sort of the thing .
` ` funny thing is , until i met you all i wanted to do was to get as far away from here as i could .
when it was time , i wanted this to be the last thing i remembered .
the new dirt hill looked like something less than a final resting place , which actually made me feel better , rather than worse , about the whole thing .
` ` i ' ve seen a stranger thing or two . ''
why was it so hard for him to believe that this particular strange thing could be happening ?
` ` you think we do n't catch a thing or two 'bout what 's goin ' on around here ?
john and i left first thing in the morning .
one thing i 'd realized in the last year was that there were some things no one could give you permission to do .
` ` i watched sarafine burn to death , and the only thing that bothered me was the ash on my jacket . ''
i was n't sure what she meant , but i only cared about one thing .
i know that does n't mean anything to you , and i know you ' ve never wanted to make anyone happy but yourself , but it 's the only thing i want . ''
i was in a place where great things could happen and did happen .
what if the thing that was supposed to happen was the unraveling ?
at this point , it was the least surprising thing happening in the room .
you do n't forget the last thing you see before you die .
chapter 36 translation as i sat on the cold metal in the darkness , part of me wondered if i imagined the whole thing .
it was our place , and no matter how many terrible things happened here , it would always be the place where we found the locket .
there 's no such thing as bad publicity !
the airline usually frowns on this sort of thing , '' the young woman said as she reached into the pocket of her smock , ` ` but if you could ... '' she held a copy of 101 ways to cheat at solitaire and a pen toward julia .
` ` anyway , i was talking with her when the georgias camel and , well , one thing led to another , and now i think we all have ] folded her hands in her lap , assumed the posture of a qua - n handing down a decree , and said , ` ` my nieces will attend on in my behalf .
i thought this kind of thing only happened on days of our lives . ''
` ` it was the first thing i ever got published - ever .
julia smelled liquor and hoped tint myrtle would continue in her alcoholic stupor and wake tomorrow morning thinking the whole thing had been a dream .
` ` he said it was amazing ... like , the best thing he 'd ever experienced . ''
we were too far apart for that to be a hidden maneuver , and the last thing i wanted to bring her , was more gossip .
in fact , i 'd just ignore any detrimental thing that he did to me .
as i stood to leave , i was a little surprised by the entire thing and relieved that i 'd gotten through it , without making too big a jackass out of myself .
i may be guilty of a lot of things in my life , but this was one thing i was n't guilty of .
the second thing i noticed was that it was dark out .
it was the most incredible thing i 'd felt ( while being awake ) in a long while , and it did n't take long for our movements to become more urgent , along with our breath .
` ` here 's some truth - i was n't drunk that night and i remember the whole f**king thing !
` ` hey , luc , i ' m so sorry about ... the thing in astronomy ... '' his voice trailed off and i made myself not cringe .
while living arrangements were going to stay the same until his wife passed , so he could care for her , albeit it in separate bedrooms , their relationship was now out for everyone to see , and date nights were a more and more frequent thing .
the back of my shirt was soaked with sweat and my legs protested the whole walking thing .
the worst possible thing happened .
it was one thing being told i was a kid by any old person .
aiden knew about the thing in the rec room .
another damn firestarter , which was another thing i should ' ve known .
` ` that was n't the most disturbing thing . ''
or the thing when i punched you !
my stomach did the icky twisty thing again .
i even forgot about the terrible thing i was training for .
i must ' ve fal en asleep , because the next thing i knew i was staring at the ceiling in my dark bedroom .
the same thing was happening in the other classes .
i kept revisiting the lovely conversation i 'd had with aiden , and my stomach did the twisting thing again .
the same thing happened at the second bridge , the one leading off of deity island and onto bald head island .
` ` the funny thing is that what you said should n't have bothered me .
one thing would lead to another , and the council would find out .
he dropped the phone next to my head , and the next thing i knew , he was sitting on my back with both his hands planted on my shoulders .
` ` i 'll speak with minister telly first thing in the morning .
i put my hand to my cheeks and the only thing i noticed was my skin felt warm .
` ` there was another thing that alex feared . ''
the shattered eyes were the damndest thing to see at night .
something so small had been the one thing to break the connection .
it was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen . ''
` ` the only thing seth told me about was the daimons , and he knew i 'd told aiden afterward .
` ` i ' m surprised that the first thing was n't that you knew i was the apollyon . ''
i had let up on the air element , and that was n't the only thing she called me out on .
i think the same kind of thing is happening here with hermes . ''
` ` practicing with akasha is one thing , alex .
` ` stull cemetery is a freaky place with a lot of unexplained things happening , just like other places labeled ' gates to hell ' .
taking a step back , i caught the sight of the same thing happening with aiden 's opponent .
` ` it could take years to find solaris , but i knowjust the thing that- '' four black stallions parted the crowd , their riders tall and imposing , garbed in leather .
i had never heard of such a thing , and from the look on aiden 's face , neither had he .
if my suspicions were correct , if everything was leading to one thing ...
the thing was that , ever since i realized how all of this could end - probably would end - i 'd never felt more alone .
i wanted to , because an execution was the last thing i wanted to see , but as aiden broke free of my side and headed toward them , i forced myself to stand still .
i knew the same thing was happening behind us in the other hummer .
i got the whole ` ` holy crap - a - roo '' thing going on .
i thought of the strangest thing then .
there was one thing that i did know .
that was the last thing i wanted aiden to see .
` ` people are dying outside these walls , mortals and pures and halfs alike , and the first thing you have to comment on is the fact that there 's a half - blood standing on the council stage ? ''
one thing led to another and , well , i was a nineteen year old guy .
one thing i knew for certain : seth was n't going to trick us .
the only good thing to come from it was that i knew seth was n't playing us .
out of everything i have done and caused to happen ... it 's the one thing i can never ask forgiveness for . ''
now that i 'd worked this one thing out , it was time to figure out the next problem .
` ` jealous is an ugly thing . ''
something seemed wrong about that being the first thing i saw in the afterlife .
i was too dumbstruck by the whole dying thing to do or say much of anything .
the funny thing was they used to be a shade of boring brown , but after the whole dying thing , they 'd changed .
` ` it was the freakiest thing i 'd ever seen . ''
three days without a single thing . ''
` ` you know what the sad thing is ?
` ` i thought you girls lived for that kind of thing . ''
the next thing i heard was kurt .
the last thing i heard was hayden yelling my name , and then nothingness closed over me .
my heart was doing this weird achy thing that made me question my sanity as i thought about the last night we 'd spent in the cabin .
but right now , curled up in the closest thing to being in hayden 's arms , i did n't want to think about that .
i 'd always thought i had it bad - that what 'd happened to me was the worst thing ever .
` ` the sad thing is that they could find you if they cared .
the next thing i knew , cromwell was pulling my desk chair across the room and sitting by the bed .
the same thing happens .
that 's the catholic one , which i learned by listening to the irish sailors on the ship and which now causes two of the serving girls standing by the door to quickly look at each other and make that hand cross thing they do , and now for my own special one i just made up .
i miss it more than you could know , a simple thing like that .
then i puffs up like the judge and tells that part , usin ' a deep voice for the judge and a high squeaky one for the constable and a sweet one for mr . pickering , and they says how could you be so brave to take all that , and i say i war n't brave at all as i was on the edge of wettin ' my pants at any moment during the whole thing and they can take that as the truth , and amen to that .
chapter 15 tonight i resolve to check out the widow 's walk , which is what the girls tell me the porch thing on top of the school is called .
` ` a sad thing , that , '' she finally says , screwing her face up into a grimace and shaking her head .
` ` oh , '' i say , with doubt in my voice , having known some accomplished liars in my time , including myself , who might ' ve got through such a thing without confessin ' .
i never heard of such a thing , '' says i , givin ' gretchie me heels and pullin ' up next to amy as she goes over a small rise and the woods end and the prospect opens up .
amy is grinning widely and is fully in the spirit of the thing .
such a thing . ''
amy notices my miniature i did of jaimy that i hung on my bedpost so it is the last thing i see at night before i snuff the lamp and the first thing i see when i wake .
i put my hands behind my head and look off into the dark , too keyed up to sleep just yet , and i think back on another funny thing that happened tonight .
oh , i know , what could i have done for 'em , me bein ' a mere girl and all , but the thing was , i was clever and cunning and they were not .
after we leave ezra 's office and return up the hill , i see a strange thing in a side yard of a stable .
` ` the others are waiting down the road , and maudie has said we can go up on the roof of the pig and watch the whole thing from there !
even the high - and - mighty randall joined in the spirit of the thing and helped decorate the tree .
strange thing , though - mistress did not hit me hard .
the crowd roars as twelve thousand pounds of muscle , hide , and bone surges out of the gates , and the first thing that happens is that muir brings his horse a sharp left , right into us and forces the sheik to miss his footing and stumble , and thayer on the other side does the same thing and the sheik almost goes to his knees , and muir and thayer pull ahead of us .
little mary faber , late of london 's better gutters , is dressing for a ball with captains , colonels , lieutenants , swells of all kinds , and the finest of ladies , what a thing .
i love it how one little thing goes wrong around here and everyone assumes i ' m to blame . ''
once upon a foolish time , i had hoped the same thing would happen to me .
there was no such thing as divorcing or separating among our kind .
she 'd lost her life protecting my sister and me , and i was n't going to sit and watch the same thing happen to dez or anyone .
if i did , our relationship would become a bitter , sad thing .
it 's the best thing ever . ''
there were a lot of things i was n't ready for , but there was one thing i was .
the only thing i could give him credit for was that it took more than sarcasm to get him to hit her .
uncle carl dropped me off on his way to work and the few students hanging around out front stared at me as though they 'd never seen a thing like me before .
we shared the same obvious thought about how julia was still in denial about the whole thing .
when the excitement wore off a few minutes later , harry and i could be alone again , but at first i was still too bewildered by the whole thing , to say much to him .
` ` like that whole thing with vlad the impaler , '' he went on , looking up at the ceiling again .
next thing i know , he 's asking my friends personal things about me .
what about the full moon thing ?
the next thing i know , beverlee and i are standing outside the room .
it was the best thing ever to see my uncle able to talk again .
i ' m confused and bring up the only thing i think it could be .
it 's a bad thing to wish upon someone , but i ca n't help it !
i ' m too bewildered by the whole thing to do anything but stare out at whatever , thinking .
now , the funny thing about this is that it 's not like isaac does n't have more important things to be doing with his day , like consorting with his brothers about pack issues and vargas issues and other issues like that .
a chance to get away from everything ; or at least a chance to breathe outside of a place where a lot of devastating things have happened .
some of the locals said it was a chupacabra , but there 's no such thing . ''
` ` that was one thing they got right in the history books , i ' m afraid . ''
the last thing i remember was being in the basement with isaac at my side .
the kiss breaks and the first thing i notice is that isaac looks clean .
i look away too , recalling how this very thing happened the last time i visited her and how much i did n't like it .
isaac 's final comment set the tone for more craziness and the next thing i know , sebastian has zia slung over his shoulder and is carrying her off to the end of the hall towards their room .
` ` oh , and you might want to time this whole thing with your weather because if it happens to rain , the earth will be washed away and then you 're shit out of luck - worse if it happens to rain after you ' ve already trapped it inside . ''
aunt bev and uncle carl might ' ve been in danger all this time and i never knew a thing .
` ` you 'll be able to hang around the house with me - i 'll take you first thing to the bathroom and help get you cleaned up . ''
same thing that happens to you . ''
inhaling deeply , minna closes her eyes and savors the moment as if that cigarette is the most pleasurable thing she 's ever experienced .
it was a much - needed visit , but aside from how well everything went and how good i left feeling about it , the entire thing also somehow feels like a means to an end , like i had to do it because i might not get another chance .
` ` that harvester thing really has harry worried . ''
she 's trying so hard not to appear depressed or troubled by what happened with aramei , but even for her it 's not an easy thing to hide .
` ` well , here 's the thing , '' i said .
i wanted to appear cool and indi erent , like this kind of thing happened to me all the time , but i could n't .
and i ' ve been shot , too , and i think i killed the bastard , and i ' m not sorry , and for some reason an angel tried to kill me , and he was the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen and also the scariest , though that wolf guy was pretty freaking scary , too , and last night i pissed off brimstone really bad and he threw me out , and when i got back here kaz was waiting and i threw him through glass , which worked out great actually because i did n't have my key . ''
` ` so i do n't think he 'll try scaring me again , which is about the only good thing to come of all this . ''
karou did n't argue , but later had said to zuzana , ` ` the funny thing is , i did n't even do him justice .
you 're going to that thing . ''
the thing he wished for most was a thing he had never wished for at all , not until he had discovered her .
a seraph spy at the warlord 's ball - such a thing had never happened !
` ` maybe it means that we wished for the same thing . ''
i did n't know why ; it felt like the only thing .
it was the worst thing yet - worse even than her own death .
` ` well , it was n't my favorite thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
but the possibilities grew darker as the hours passed , and his fears warped in nightmare ways that drew inspiration from every terrible thing he had ever seen and done .
sveva 's guilt churned in her stomach like a live thing .
it was a heavy thing , to miss out .
perhaps it was a proud thing , these cut smiles that had been the warlord 's message long ago .
this silence , she thought , was remarkable : a perfect , shimmering thing , and fragile .
still , for all the benefits the dominion enjoyed , they served at jael 's pleasure , and jael 's pleasure was , by all accounts , a gruesome thing .
it was such a rare thing for a soldier to be in his natural body ; the commander had wanted to give him a chance to keep it .
ziri was as white as shock , and that was one thing karou saw , but the rest was ... it was confused , he was white but he was also gray , ash - gray - his chin , his mouth ... his lips were black , clotted and crusted , and even that was n't the worst thing .
and as rare a thing as that is , do you think he 'll thank you for salvaging it if he ca n't hold his blades ? ''
one thing zuzana had noticed was that many of the chimaera had human hands - or human - ish - even though the rest of their body might be solidly beast .
he did n't stop then to consider how or why this thing had happened , and certainly not who - it did n't occur to him that there was a who until he got well away , clear and unpursued , far , far , and fell against a tree to breathe .
the last thing i remember before waking is , of course , dying . ''
i was just trying to make it through to the next thing , which i hoped and prayed was n't anywhere near new jersey .
he 'd already guessed my answer , sliding a hand casually along my thigh , finding my hand like it was the most natural thing in the world and squeezing it as he pulled me to standing .
it was the most amazing thing in the world , and when i met his eyes , i knew he saw it too .
` ` next thing you 'll be telling me tyler vincent is gay , '' i muttered , playing with his belt , wishing i could undo it right here and now .
i came here first thing to tell you , to share it with you .
i used holly to hurt you , because it was the worst thing i could think of .
was the last thing i heard before everything faded into blackness .
and there was booze , and they did get drunk a few times after the show , but it was n't a constant or even a usual thing .
he 'd set this whole thing up , i was sure of it , to clear dale 's name and dissociate him from tyler as much as possible .
she smiles , just barely , a brief , flitting thing .
half - concealed behind the table - and safe , now , from those sharp , stamping hooves - i have to admit the whole thing is kind of hilarious .
still , i take precautions , determined not to make one false step , determined to prove to myself that i ' m not like my mother - that the thing with alex was a fluke , a mistake , a horrible , horrible accident .
` ` i kind of have this party '' -she corrects herself quickly- ` ` this thing i ' m supposed to go to with angelica marston . ''
when he gets serious a little crease forms between his eyebrows , a tiny comma , and it 's the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen .
i want to get alex 's attention and scream that we have to turn around , call the whole thing off , but he 's still moving swiftly up ahead of me , and screaming anything or making any noise at all will bring the guards down on us for sure .
` ` i invited brian scharff to come over today , '' she says casually , as though it 's an everyday , normal thing .
i do n't know whether these feelings- this thing growing inside of me - is something horrible and sick or the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
you 'll have your cure on sunday , first thing in the morning .
but the only thing i hear is a steady drip , drip , drip .
this can only mean one thing : their plan to ransom julian has failed .
but at the time it seemed like the most normal thing in the world . ''
for him there will be no such thing .
what was the worst thing that could happen if he grew attached to the scent of her hair , and the feel of her skin against his ?
he never wanted to do this , but it was the only thing that helped anymore .
the world went black and the last thing he heard was the door lock scraping open and natalia saying , ` ` and i was wrong about you . ''
the only thing it did was hiss and evaporate .
he sounded perfectly reasonable , like killing immortals was an everyday thing .
and it was because this kind of thing happened .
but , the only thing that i could hear was his breath escaping from his body .
shannon asked the question like it was the most bizarre , unlikely thing in the world .
we ca n't have the same thing happen again , eric .
they were saying that some new dramatic thing happened between us , though nothing had .
the only thing that mental pictures did was show him i wanted to leave without him .
` ` ivy , you 're the best thing that 's happened to me in eight - hundred and forty - six years .
you are the only good thing that has happened to me in nearly a millennia .
the only thing it ca n't do is attack another shadow . ''
the next thing i knew , i was waking up and looking at collins face .
when she looked at me , the only thing she saw was certain destruction and death .
it was the cruelest thing i could have imagined .
al said it would be the worst thing i could imagine . ''
the worst thing i could imagine was n't possible .
being enslaved was the worst thing i could possibly imagine .
it lunged at me again , but the same thing happened .
i heard about the whole thing . ''
that thing was the lorren .
chapter seventeen the same thing happened as before .
maybe it was n't such a bad thing to feel no fear ?
but , then the distance faded , silently falling to the background , and the only thing i could feel was him .
it felt like the same thing that was happening to me , but much worse .
collin smith watched the entire thing .
but the only thing i could watch was the sky filling with grackles , pouring closer and closer in an endless stream .
now i pretend like it is the most exciting thing ever .
` ` actually , that was probably a totally nerdy thing to admit . ''
and now as much as the warmth of his lips is the most perfect thing ever , i just ca n't kiss someone who does n't want more from me .
i called her today - okay , first thing this morning - and as soon we knew our siblings would be out doing whatever it is they do all the time , i came over .
i stand planted on the kitchen floor and everything , every f**king thing in my life shifts .
the next minute , the whirlpool thing happened and they were standing in a brightly lit hospital corridor , nurses and doctors rushing by .
it was that allusive thing aunt caroline told her about .
if there was one good thing that came out of this whole mess , it was that will had stopped drinking the moment the tunnels took jack .
his visible fear had me worried for him , but when i looked at a woman who was standing a few feet away from me , she was watching the whole thing with a slight smile on her lips , as if it were totally normal .
` ` what was that whole thing ? ''
i did learn one good thing .
i opened my eyes , and the only thing that had changed in the projection was that the path was narrower .
i felt a little guilty for sharing a story that could give cole the opportunity to put down jack , but i remembered the whole thing through a different perspective .
i just saw the weirdest thing ... .
as i grabbed cole 's hand , i had a moment to consider the symbolism of the whole thing .
had the same thing happened to mrs . jenkins ?
but i held on to the note , and the next thing i knew , i was in the air .
but i noticed the size thing again as his hands folded the slices of pizza in half .
the whole thing felt too real .
one thing i did know - cole did n't want the queen to find out about me .
` ` it 's about how there 's no such thing as redemption , '' i whispered .
i noticed , '' he said , like it was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
the only thing it proved was that the floor needed a good cleaning .
the only thing i had actually accomplished was getting jack beat up .
then the second - to - last thing that i ever would have anticipated happened .
do n't even pretend we ' ve been through the same thing .
` ` just sleep , becks , '' jack said , running his fingers over my closed eyelids and down my cheeks ` ` sleep through the whole thing .
i slept through the entire thing .
what if , when cole did n't have the '' -i shook my head- '' helmet of hermes thing , what if he turned him in ? ''
` ` it was the last thing i saw before we came here . ''
` ` but here 's the thing : she did n't say no .
and i think that was the most amazing thing to me : it was n't me who was cinderella .
i was seeing the world from above , which is an extraordinary thing when it happens for the first time .
our mother asks , as if the fact that these two boyhood chums fought is the most unbelievable thing that 's occurred .
the kid had already graduated from the bunny slopes , and i did n't even know there was such a thing as a bunny slope .
it 's the one lucky thing that 's happened all day .
which is an awful thing to wish upon someone .
i realize i ' ve overstepped - this is not the kind of thing kelsea would get excited about .
` ` the funny thing is , you say it like it 's so unusual that you ' ve only done it once .
because the weird thing is ...
there 's band practice , which is the thing he looks forward to the most in the day .
it is an awful thing to be betrayed by your body .
` ` the amazing thing , '' he tells me , ` ` is that you still have n't learned how to make it last longer than a single day .
if if if if ` ` only thing is , she does n't exist . ''
she 'd felt urgently optimistic with each job he took , praying that this one would be his true path , the thing that set him straight .
` ` the thing is , they 're all using them to do non - school - related activities , '' she said .
if they discover evidence , they may be able to build a case against your son ? that his influence led to this happening , that sort of thing . ''
the same thing happened the summer after sophomore year and junior year - more far - flung internships , all orchestrated by her father .
it had been a difficult thing for her to say that to him , for she 'd felt so vulnerable and petty .
` ` yeah , well , it 's probably not the right thing to bring up right now . ''
and goodness , the thing with the girl - i ' m sorry .
` ` scott has been accused of this ... thing , '' he said , even though he had n't planned to tell her this .
` ` whatever this thing is that scott is implicated in , you really think it 's because of what you said ?
` ` it was n't a prearranged thing , charles .
the most shocking thing of all was that catherine did indeed look a little yellow .
it felt like the wrong thing to care about .
it was n't a bad fall but the kind of thing you 'd normally get upset about .
she fought to remember the mood of the dinner , but she could n't recall a single thing they 'd talked about , a single thing they 'd eaten .
that 's when i felt the strangest thing i had ever felt - this overwhelming sadness building up inside me .
the electricity stayed mia , which had me questioning if i 'd imagined the whole thing to begin with .
the last thing he needs is to find out that gemma is causing some kind of electrical static thing . ''
one good thing that came out of the situation , though , was that i learned a valuable lesson .
and that 's the last thing i heard .
my heart just about leapt out of my throat , and my body did this weird , excited spasm thing , causing my elbow to knock my pen on the floor .
i heard the chair squeaked , and the next thing i knew , alex was climbing off the chair and walking toward me .
the next thing i knew , i was standing in the middle of a snowless field .
the next thing i knew , i was flying through the air .
` ` well , it 's just that i think ... maybe the little thing that happened between you and gemma on the bus was what helped the death walkers discover that the energy is hidden in her . ''
` ` going back to that prickle thing you were talking about .
it was another thing for him to sit here and chew me out over a situation i 'd had no control over .
` ` now from what i understand , you saw a past vision , which is n't too uncommon of a thing to happen with beginners , '' said dyvinius .
i placed my hand on top of the crystal ball with zero hesitance , and the next thing i knew , i was tumbling down the tunnel again .
and the next thing i knew , alex 's fist was slamming into stephan 's face .
it seemed like whatever evil thing was about to take place here , he might actually be a part of it .
because the last thing i can remember was that there were a ton of death walkers around , watching stephan try to erase my mind . ''
and then there was the whole humans - letting - vampires - bite - them thing that i 'd seen going on back when we 'd been at the black dungeon .
he swung his arm around my shoulder , all buddy buddy , which was the strangest thing ever .
during our little jumping - out - of - the - building thing , it never had occurred to either one of us that getting back up might be a little tricky .
` ` so funny thing , '' alex 's voice came up from right behind me .
` ` i ' ve never heard of a more ridiculous thing . ''
` ` like i said , i have no idea what you 're talking about - i ' ve never heard of such a thing before . ''
` ` the thing is there 's a slight problem with your plan .
it was what had started the whole star thing .
chapter 21 the next thing i knew i was laying face first on the ground , my body sore from head - to - toe .
the only thing that got a rise out of him was when i told him about his father and the mark - the mark of malefiscus .
` ` i do know one thing , though .
chapter 26 when i woke up , the first thing i noticed was that the suv was stopped .
chapter 27 the next thing i was aware of was that i had a killer headache .
the next thing i knew he was lying on the floor .
it was a fascinating thing to watch for someone who had never seen the ocean .
the first thing i saw in my mind was the lake .
the only thing i could be thankful for at the moment was that the queen took us to a different room that had cement walls thick enough to muffle out the screams .
once they let go of me , i tried to yank my arms free from the straps , but the only thing that accomplished was my sore wrists aching even more .
it was the same thing every day for nine days straight .
the first thing i was aware of was that i was lying in a very soft bed , like i had fallen asleep in a pile of feathers .
i mean , kind of ... i remember the thing in the road . ''
the first thing i noticed was that the place stank , like garbage mix with wet dog and old shoes .
she also made it sound like a controlled thing , like the vampires , fey , and witches would be forced to follow him .
i could barely see , and i found myself wishing that aislin 's see - in - the - dark stuff had been a permanent thing .
the only thing i was grateful for was the fact that the air had n't chilled , so that meant no death walkers were nearby .
i turned the page , hoping for detailed instructions , but the only thing there was a drawing of a person with an eye on the center of their forehead .
` ` nicholas ... '' but the only thing there was the lingering smell of flowers .
the thing that was really getting at me , though , was that stasha said she had had the mark since she was born .
then the last thing she does is chant some sort of spell and liberare vos ligaveris .
the sucky thing was i didn t even put up a fight .
it s the most fascinating thing and that s where i fixed my attention .
the last thing i can remember is gemma vanishing .
usually for this particular kind of thing , i d ask aislin to do a spell or something , but how do we know if she does it right and and really , it s been so long , i don t think they re still brainwashed .
is this a temporary thing ?
chapter 48 ( gemma ) the first thing i saw when i opened my eyes was the sky .
they 'd apparently got some hotshot director to film it , so the whole thing would be high budget and glossy .
` ` this is easily the most interesting thing that 's happened to you in about a year , and the thought of you possibly hooking up with some uber - bachelor ... ?
they were right - this was the most exciting thing to happen to me all year .
from the way darrell said it , this sort of thing was n't unusual for neil .
it was a weekly event for them , a charity thing .
my past had n't been the only thing that had ripped us apart .
it was great , and very generous of him , and not having to pay rent meant that i was one of the few students at fenbrook who did n't have to work a part - time job ( another thing he 'd never allow ) .
he 'd pretty much cleared his schedule for the next few months anyway to focus on the recital , so that was the only thing he 'd miss .
the first thing i saw was surprise .
this was the one thing i 'd never imagined .
save for me shivering , it was as if the whole thing had never happened , and yet i knew nothing would ever be the same again .
` ` when i first met him - it was when i took nat to darrell 's place for the very first time - i thought he was this big , stupid , arrogant lump and yet ... even then , even when we were yelling at each other , there was this ... thing going on . ''
` ` thing is , '' he said , ` ` most of my friends are people i meet from bands and stuff .
the last thing i remembered was ordering the godfather .
the only thing i could be sure of was that everything had n't come out well .
it leapt upright as i freed it , and the first thing i thought was that it was bigger than my dildo - the only thing i had to compare it to .
connor pulled me to him and drew me into a long kiss - about the only thing that had the capability to unfreeze my brain .
so jai had refused , and not because he was terrified to kiss a dude , although it would n't have been the greatest thing to ever happen to a straight teen guy , but because he refused to be pushed into something just so his father could enjoy humiliating him .
the guy gave her the heebie jeebies and as for the thing she 'd wished for ... well ... she did n't even want to think about that .
it was the first normal thing that had happened to her since last night .
she smiled weakly , glad that at least one good thing had come of all this .
i do n't know what happened to you but ... the reason i got so mad was because i knew it was a charlie thing .
was n't it possible for her to have at least an hour in a room without him listening in on every little thing ?
` ` she 's having a panic attack , '' jai cursed and the next thing ari knew she was sitting on a chair breathing in and out of a brown paper bag .
at least one good thing has come out of all of this right ?
he 'd slept through the entire thing .
however , he 'd always envied full - blooded jinn like that damn ginnaye who 'd gummed up his kidnapping scheme , but there was one thing that dali was glad of .
it was n't the greatest thing having a jinn hiding around in the cloak where he could n't see her .
she took the hit ... and the last thing she did was use her gift to command that kid to leave me alone .
it was just one other huge thing that had changed in her life since her eighteenth birthday .
the last thing she felt and heard was the blanket faling over her and jai snuggling her closer , whispering goodnight in her ear .
the last thing he wanted was to accidentaly kil a human bent on holding him at gunpoint for whatever was in his walet .
the thing you 'd been looking for ?
it would be another thing he would n't be able to forgive himself for .
it could be a cultural thing that you would have no clue about .
` ` devin was a weird , random thing and i ' m fine .
this might be the coolest thing i ' ve ever experienced .
i could n't understand what i was seeing ; it was the scariest thing i had ever faced .
` ` it would be a funny thing to see . ''
is that the worst thing you ' ve seen ? ''
what 's the worst thing you ' ve seen ? ''
it was n't the usual thing he would find interesting , but anything was enjoyable with haven around .
the only thing that matters is i never made it up to her . ''
it had been bare ; reserved for the one thing carmine wanted most .
vulnerabilities were exploited , and the worst thing they could do was come off as uncertain .
` ` it was the best thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
if you did n't love me , that 's one thing , but- '' ` ` of course i loved you ! ''
` ` there 's this thing tonight .
` ` you 're the best thing that 's happened to me . ''
` ` you managed to make it through the entire thing without saying the f word . ''
nothing about us is traditional and i wanted to at least do this , have this one thing , so we could say we did shit right .
the best thing about killing myself will be that i 'll never have to go to a fake university and wear one of those standard college sweatshirts that 's supposed to prove i ' m smart or something .
` ` it 's the best thing that happens at this school on a daily basis .
all i can think about is the fact that they 'll get out of the village to find a new life , and then i hate myself for wishing for the same thing .
it was supposed to be a one - time thing because dad is always busy .
the first thing i wonder is if she 's still wearing the necklace .
as we hug and the first thing i think of is , whoa , his body feels firmer , and then i think he feels taller , too .
it 's a stupid thing to remember .
we wo n't be able to see the whole thing , but we have some time . ''
still , it 's not a fun thing to go through .
it was the same thing every weekend , and god knows how many times during the week .
the next thing i knew , kyler had let go of my arm and his hands had slammed into zack 's chest , knocking him back several steps .
and the evil - glare - thing from a group of big dudes born and raised in west ` ` by golly '' virginia could be a pretty frightful thing .
the only thing that i ' m going to let happen is me getting you home . ''
it was the most amazing , most complete thing i 'd ever felt .
it was the hottest thing ever .
the officer assured us that both of them would be charged with breaking and entering , vandalism , and assault , and it could even go as far as attempted murder with the buckshot - through - the - window thing .
` ` i keep reliving the whole thing , and every time i think about you getting hurt , it kills me a little .
there ' ve been times i ditched you to go the movies with another girl , broke plans to get laid , that kind of thing .
one moment i was there at the back of the bus , and the next thing i remember , i was home , and no one was talking about it , and no one has since . ''
the government keeps track of that kind of thing , so the summer before seventh grade , her parents got a visit from some big guys in dark suits and three months later , liz was a gallagher girl- just not the kill - a - man - with - her - bare - hands variety .
but the strangest thing was happening - macey was smiling - almost laughing , and bex totally did n't know what to do .
the crazy thing was that this was so much harder !
it was n't very spylike to be sad over such a silly thing , but mostly , i did n't want my friends to hear it .
macey looked down at our piles , examining the scene as if this were the most exciting thing she 'd seen in months , which absolutely , positively could not have been true , since i know for a fact that her class had been in the physics labs when mr . fibs got attacked by the bees he thought he 'd genetically modified to obey commands from a whistle .
but then the most amazing thing happened : josh looked totally sad !
but then the same thing could happen with the little kernel pieces !
` ` i think i remember reading that this shows a tendency to ... '' but a tendency to what , we 'd never find out , because just then the sophomore lunch tables went quiet in a way that could only mean one thing .
then the strangest thing happened - we both stopped talking .
i honestly could n't think of one thing he 'd done wrong .
it 's this whole surprise thing he 's been talking about and ...
but clean slates are a rare thing in any life - especially a spy 's life - so i did n't let myself wonder for the millionth time what josh remembered about that night , about me .
not finding something significant was maybe the most significant thing of all .
and then the thing that i 'd been fearing happened : mr . solomon turned around .
and then there was the envelope thing .
bex probably would have argued with me ; i ' m sure she would have pointed out that josh had been my first boyfriend , my first kiss ; that he had seen me when to the rest of the world i was invisible , and that 's not the kind of thing a girl - much less a spy - forgets so quickly .
` ` no you 're not , '' i snapped , because a ) the aforementioned forklift thing , and b ) i ' m pretty sure bringing a boy to a clandestine rendezvous is n't in the cia handbook .
the whole thing might have been too awful - too humiliating - to endure if i had n't summoned the courage to say , ` ` hi , blackthorne boy . ''
there was only one thing it could mean .
just hours before , i 'd thought that the most humiliating thing in the world would be to encounter your ex - boyfriend and his new girlfriend ... then getting saved by a blackthorne boy ... then finding out that the entire sophomore coveops class and two teachers had heard the whole thing .
the most humiliating thing in the world would be to have all of those things happen and then have your bra mysteriously snap open while dancing with the aforementioned blackthorne boy !
and that was maybe the scariest thing of all .
he asked , and the answer was maybe the most terrifying thing of all .
so even though there were about a million reasons to forget the whole thing ... we did n't .
the most dangerous thing i could see was a crowd of little girls in sparkly leotards pushing their way down the sidewalk .
and that 's the kind of thing that never happened before the blackthorne boys came to the gallagher academy and brought a code black with them .
when you 're approaching a subject in the dark , the thing you have to worry about most is n't being seen - it 's being heard .
and before i could take a step or throw a punch , i heard the hum of rappel - a - cord running through pulleys , and felt my feet leave the ground ... and the next thing i knew , i was flying .
the last thing i expected was to feel his arms sliding around me , to sense the whole world turning upside down as zach dipped me in the middle of the foyer and pressed his lips to mine .
chapter three here 's the thing about covert operations : the really bad things always happen when you least expect them .
` ` i hit a guy , '' preston said , staring at his fist as if that were the most shocking thing of all .
at the end of our long ( and heavily protected ) lane , satellite dishes rose from news trucks , ready to beam pictures of our school around the world , and i knew the most dangerous thing in our history was about to happen in front of this man 's very eyes .
i did n't have to hear her wince to know how much it hurt , and yet the look on her face said that having me witness her vulnerability was the most painful thing of all .
but the strangest thing was happening .
` ` here 's the thing you ' ve got to know , '' she said as she leaned closer .
i did n't know how to describe him , and that was maybe the most notable thing of all .
and then the scariest thing of all happened : zach looked like he wanted to kiss me ...
the absolute last thing i wanted to remember was the last time i 'd seen zach - the screeching tires or the masked men .
but this time i stood beside the baxters , consumed by the thing i did n't know .
as much as i wanted to hate agent townsend , there was one thing i did n't dare forget : he was probably a very good spy .
and the scary thing is - for the most part - we 're the ones who trained them . ''
that thing bex 's parents did in dubai with liquid nitrogen , and earthquake simulator , and a ferret : because we do n't have a ferret .
but despite my crazy fears , there was one thing i knew for certain : someone else was trying to get into sublevel two .
but the strangest thing of all was that my father was standing at the bottom of the staircase , waiting .
but the hardest thing was realizing that i was no longer at home in my own room .
the only thing that broke my trance was when my mother would turn from the front passenger seat and glance back at me , almost involuntarily , as if to make sure that i was still there .
` ` why did n't you bring me here first thing ? ''
in spite of everything - the sound of a rifle on that hillside seemed an almost ridiculous thing to hear .
the world was spinning , pulling me backward through time and across space until everything grew incredibly slow - as if the whole thing had happened before , exactly like that .
and then the strangest thing happened : my roommates laughed .
it was the kind of thing i should n't have been able to forget .
well , it's- '' ` ` a training academy for spies , '' preston said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world .
the only thing i regretted was that i had n't gone to get a coat .
next semester , this thing ends . ''
` ` happy new year , bex , '' i told my best friend , then turned and checked my tail , knowing there was no such thing as a fresh start , totally unsure whether or not this new year would be exactly like my last .
and then he started rambling on and on about how he had left the inner circle because they were planning some big , huge , terrible thing .
it was like the whole thing was happening in slow motion .
funny thing about what happened with winters , cammie . ''
` ` preston 's dad asked for me and he mentioned liz , so i think she 's right , and i think this thing is happening .
` ` the facility was built into the mountain , and i did n't see the whole thing .
this thing , i know it 's not my fault .
` ` the thing i do n't think you realize is ... it 's who you are too . ''
and first thing tomorrow morning , we 're going to figure out what happens next . ''
the only thing worse than getting injured is liz 's becoming your self - appointed nurse and , consequently , hurting you many , many more times while changing your bandages .
her dad had a video recorder out , documenting the entire thing .
13 days until deadline chapter 6 an odd thing tends to happen on the cusp of winter .
` ` okay , first thing tomorrow we hit the streets around taccone 's place .
` ` taccone said that when the power went out , someone looped the video feed to the guard 's station , so no one saw a thing .
eager to know the truth about the very strange thing that had happened , but needing to know for entirely different reasons .
first thing monday it is . ''
the second fairly strange thing was that a long black limousine was sitting at the opposite side of the building .
first thing tomorrow i'll- '' ` ` you 'll what ? ''
` ` funny thing about wireless networks .
` ` actually , mr . hale , '' silas interjected , ` ` a funny thing happened when we were digging around on the servers .
` ` well , the strangest thing happened .
if there 's one thing i ca n't stand , it 's crying .
i would object to this sudden disruption , but it 's the most exciting thing that 's happened to me all day .
pretty sure it was a strike three kind of thing . ''
it 's absolutely the most amazing thing i ' ve ever seen .
i have no idea what made him break just now , but it 's the absolute most heartbreaking thing i ' ve ever seen .
the most shocking thing about his confession is that i really liked it .
he 's done nothing but place blame on himself for every single thing that 's ever happened to me .
it 's the only thing that could possibly feel good in a world full of nothing but bad .
every part of me that remembers all the nights i ' ve made out with guys in my bed , never feeling a single thing while looking up at the stars .
i want him to know that i remember him , and every single thing he ever did to me .
holder looks up and i want to scream and yell and cry , but the only thing i can do is widen my eyes and shake my head and continue to wipe my hands across my body .
the girl just fist bumped me and it was probably the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the thing that changes it all for me .
` ` i expect this to be the most mind - blowing thing i ' ve ever experienced , so you better deliver . ''
like it 's a natural thing ... me and six .
she was so scared the same thing would happen to us .
but of course the last thing i expect is always the first to happen .
` ` every saturday night it 's the same thing .
i close the refrigerator door and open the freezer , but i ' m met with the same thing , only this time the jeans are frozen .
hearing the word ` ` wait '' come out of her mouth and knowing she 's following behind me does this thing to my chest that makes it feel alive again and it pisses me off because i do n't want her to have that effect on me .
the embarrassed and almost heartbroken look on her face is the last thing i expect to see .
now that i know nothing is off limits , i ask her about the one thing she did n't really want to talk about yesterday .
last night when she told me she 's never felt anything when she was kissed , my heart did this crazy thing where it felt bound , like it was being constricted , just like the lungs in my chest .
all i can do is hold my breath and watch the most incredible thing i ' ve ever seen unfold beneath me .
she looks absolutely content and it 's the most beautiful , satisfying thing i ' ve ever felt .
my chest is completely alive right now and the only thing that i know could satisfy me is to be pressed against her again with my mouth on hers .
then one thing led to another and let 's just say i became her prince charming for the rest of the hour .
the way her chest is pressed against mine makes my head spin , and it feels like the only thing that could set it straight again is if i pull her even closer and kiss her even harder .
panic consumes her completely and she 's screaming and hitting me and the only thing i can do is spin her around and pull her against my chest .
chapter forty - four one would think that finding my sister 's body was the worst thing that 's ever happened to me .
the worst thing that ever happened to me came later that night , when i had to tell my mother her daughter was dead .
and she had been through every single thing that sky went through .
the only thing i wish karen would have done differently , is i wish she could have taken you , too .
hope climbing into that car was the best thing that ever happened to her .
i scan the airport and my eyes focus on the one thing most teenagers ca n't resist .
what a somber thing to think about .
the end of one thing is just the beginning of another .
after i got home from the youth group thing i called him .
as soon as i release my grip and give up , mutt bounds away from princess as if the entire thing was no big deal .
` ` one thing that 's not a mistake .
` ` the funny thing is , you do n't need handcuffs to bind me to you .
it probably should n't have affected me as much as it has , but you never know what 's going to be the ` ` thing '' in your life that defines you ( or the thing you should talk to a therapist about at length ) .
` ` amy , that 's just about the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen on anyone .
one thing i know for sure , though , is that i ' ve single - handedly ruined my boyfriend 's reputation .
mom always comes to practice - she 's been supporting me ever since pop warner youth footbal days , but sometimes she worries i'l get hurt , even though the worst thing that 's ever happened was a concussion .
` ` i think you planned the whole thing . ''
jesus , this must be the weirdest thing that 's ever happened to me .
this must be the weirdest thing a footbal coach has ever seen : two quarterbacks making out .
` ` he 's cooking dinner for me and his parents , and then he 's taking me to a jazz concert thing at the opryland hotel in nashvil e. '' i feel this strange urge to jump up and down and giggle but decide to say , ` ` that 's cool .
` ` you know , i bet they 're thinking i'l bomb it to henry first thing . ''
` ` it 's a scary thing to wake up and realize the people you need most are n't nearby anymore ... but you keep moving . ''
i liked what he said ... it 's a scary thing to wake up and realize the people you need most are n't nearby anymore ... but you keep moving .
i saw the whole thing happen in slowmo .
` ` this chick flick thing . ''
next thing i know , dad has barged into my room .
if there 's one thing i want , god , it 's for dad to take a trip to italy .
but the funniest thing - the sweetest thing , is that matt plays guitar , accompanying six different singers on six different songs .
but the funniest thing - the sweetest thing , is that matt plays guitar , accompanying six different singers on six different songs .
i ' m sketching a picture of every happy thing i can think of .
but being with him smells better than salt on the breeze first thing in the morning at the beach .
and apparently one thing led to another and he was picking thorns out of his- '' ` ` yvonne , '' dad says , his voice laced with warnings .
i ' ve fooled around before - i even had a regular thing going with this guy adam .
was last night a one - time thing because of our beef jerky - infused haze ?
` ` um ... here 's the thing .
i do n't want her to fall during the real thing . ''
do y' all want to go to that halloween haunted forest thing up in cookeville next weekend after the homecoming dance ? ''
our parents have sort of gotten used to the idea of us dating - they know our relationship is n't a passing thing .
maybe i could pass the whole thing off as hitting a deer .
because last night , that whole thing at the library , i was joking . ''
it was the most terrifying thing i 'd ever been through .
what if i 'd imagined the whole thing ?
` ` that is the most disgusting thing i ' ve ever seen .
not necessarily because of how unpleasant he was or how little i knew about him , but because of the one thing i did know : he was close friends with elliot .
i 'll run over , pick it up , and bring it by first thing tomorrow morning . ''
the next thing i knew , my hands were closing on jules 's throat , flinging his head back against the bleachers with a loud crack !
the next thing he knew , he looked up and saw jules jump off the rafter .
` ` here 's the thing , marcie , '' i said .
a terrible thing , what you and the lady are sufferin ' through . ''
i went down , and the next thing i knew , marcie was on top , straddling me .
the only thing a boyfriend was good for was a shattered heart .
i opened the card , and the next thing i knew , i passed out . ''
first thing tomorrow , when the library opened , they were going to report the broken window to the police .
that 's the dumbest thing ever . ''
the only thing that could make me sorry is if the archangels beat me to it . ''
i must have walked all the way back to clementine , past the bus stop , the park , and the city swimming pool , because the next thing i remembered , i was sitting on a bench on the lawn in front of the public library .
the first thing i noticed was the black paint on the walls .
the first thing i noticed was the flash from the silver hoop in his ear .
the second thing i noticed was how beat - up his face was .
the next thing i knew , scott had me by the elbow and was steering me down the walkway .
i did n't have any desire to dwel on hank further , but there was one thing still not adding up .
they did this horrible thing to you , and it 's their fault .
the only thing i ' m in danger of is making a fool of myself .
the last thing i remembered was the roar of air past my ears and the world crashing to black .
after the night i 'd had , the only thing i could imagine making me feel better was having patch take me into his arms .
i have school first thing tomorrow .
scott would n't let the same thing happen to nora .
` ` we know just the thing to fill up your night .
next thing you know , he 'll want to sell me graduation announcements too .
` ` unless i hear otherwise , i 'll expect you to be ready to train first thing tomorrow . ''
the next thing i knew , patch was at my side , uttering a litany of curses , fear sharpening his voice .
the whole thing was over in seconds .
there was just one thing that still did n't make sense .
the whole thing will be over in less than a day .
i thought i was going through some kind of whacked - up second menstruation thing .
and then i did a surprising thing .
he 's got the whole thing planned out .
` ` okay , '' i said , like it was the most natural thing .
i think of the first time he did it , at school , sitting on the lawn , as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
but everyone was looking at me so intently , wanting me to join in so much , and i realized that sounding bad was n't the worst thing in the world that could happen .
because vanessa 's right about one thing .
the thing is , there 's no name with the photo , just a caption .
the thing is , i have a feeling if i told bryn which question set me off , she 'd probably lose her public face , too .
that article , the ` ` twenty under 20 '' thing from all about us that liz showed me , i do remember one thing about it .
like it 's the most normal thing in the world for me to be at her concert and for her to have beckoned me into her sanctum .
but as soon as my fingers close around mia 's , the thing i notice is that it stops and suddenly it goes quiet , like when the squall of feedback is suddenly cut when someone switches off an amp .
it was the worst thing that ever happened to me , '' bryn continued .
she balls up the soiled napkins and i think she 's about to go at the tabletop with her bare arm , and i ' m watching the whole thing , slightly perplexed .
bryn and i went bowling a few months ago for some charity thing .
but a weird thing started to happen in interviews .
the whole thing went down in infamy , spawning a live recorded cd and a series of festivals that continue to this day .
on the album , the chorus is repeated over and over , a rasp of fury and loss , and it 's become a thing during shows for me to stop singing and turn the mic out toward the audience and let them take over .
i must ' ve fallen asleep , for the next thing i knew , i was opening my eyes and the room was bathed in hazy starlight .
the first thing i noticed , as we crossed the courtyard full of frozen statues and huge , multicolored crystals , was that it was full of winter fey .
` ` oh , great , ice - boy , make it sound like the worst thing ever . ''
a thin wisp of smoke curled into the air , and that was the last thing i saw .
i turned a corner into another hall , intent on finding an isolated part of the school where i could eat in peace , and stumbled across the very thing i was trying to avoid .
` ` i ' m the editor for the school paper , '' she announced , as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
chapter eleven into the wyldwood i did n't think i 'd sleep , but i must ' ve dozed off , because the next thing i knew , i was waking up on the sandy floor of the cave , and my shoulder was killing me .
since fighting the lindwurm thing , i 'd seen a wood sprite , several more piskies and a single goblin who might ' ve given us trouble if he 'd been with his pack .
i got it when we were fighting the lindwurm thing . ''
` ` by then , the rumor had spread so far there was no telling who first mentioned such a thing .
the only thing that was real was the girl behind me .
` ` he probably set this whole thing up .
i thought of my family , of how we had lost meghan all those years ago , and how my parents clung to me even more tightly , for fear of that same thing .
there is one other important thing we discovered - the emergence of a new , deadly species of fey called the forgotten , faeries that almost do n't exist anymore because they ' ve been unremembered for so long .
but when i got pulled into the nevernever , the thing i never saw coming was keirran .
not the same as killing a human , but i had taken another creature 's life , and that sort of thing changes you forever .
through the whole thing , guro had n't said much , just quiet encouragements for me to go on when i faltered .
it was this kind of thing that scared the crap out of me .
did he miss his family , or were all his thoughts on annwyl and the thing connecting them both ?
the sight of her lovely face , filling my vision first thing in the morning , coaxed a tiny smile from me .
it 's the same thing that happens when i turn off a really good movie - one that i ' ve lost myself to - which is that i 'll be thrown back to my own reality and something hollow will settle in my chest .
` ` you tease all you want , but there was a thing on tv about it .
the same thing happened in prague , where i 'd been yearning for some of the bohemianism of the unbearable lightness of being .
after that whole thing with celine , my lack of fluency is starting to feel like a handicap .
the thing i had n't expected was the timing .
i thought willem had been joking about the illegal thing .
sunday is the brunch , and after that , before we fly home , your father has an alumni thing , so i thought i 'd splurge on spa treatments for us .
it 's a local thing , though he says lots of tourists come , but people like us .
i guess i never realized dee was so into this kind of thing .
we watch the entire thing in silence , no voices , no commentary , no laughing , just four eyeballs staring at a screen .
there 's no such thing as quitting while you 're ahead .
i get vaguely excited when some weird theater thing comes up , but when i click through , the website is down .
the vendors look at her with mild amusement , as if this type of thing happens at least twice a week .
and then the most amazing thing happens : the night is calm , but i feel a rush of wind , as if a thousand other doors have just simultaneously flung open .
i wo n't get there till tonight , and i 'll have to leave first thing monday morning to make my flight back home .
i have n't liked a de bont film since - i ca n't even remember - but i ' ve been outvoted because w has a girlfriend , and this is a big thing , and if she wants explosions , we will watch explosions .
it 's a small thing , but somehow it 's the happiest i ' ve felt in months .
but one thing i do know : next time , i 'll know it when i find it .
i ' m probably lying outside , bleeding to death from heather 's death push and imagining this whole thing .
` ` good thing he showed up .
the last thing i needed in the doc was other inmates kicking my ass because i have a girlfriend who wears designer clothes and carries a two - hundred - dollar purse .
i ' m ready to book as fast as i can to catch the thing , because if i do n't , damon 'll know i was late .
the last thing i remember before waking up is caleb 's slow , rhythmic breathing behind me as he falls into slumber .
the last thing i remember is caleb lightly tracing random patterns on my arm , leg , and back .
except there 's no such thing as a fresh start , not when people from your past keep popping up and hounding you , driving home all your mistakes even further .
almost every morning , always the same thing . ''
there is nothing scary about them and only when they stop do i understand their effect : our eyes take a few seconds to adjust and we ca n't see a thing .
all the hours in the backyard with henri preparing for this very thing .
a mischievous grin sprouts on my face , and i ca n't help but think of how the sisters would react if they were to see such a thing .
` ` this is the coolest thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
yes , it was to stay hidden from the mogadorians or anyone else who might be following us , but it was also the one thing that raised our spirits among so much disappointment .
but there 's one thing that has given me a shade of hope in all this .
` ` actually , it 's probably the most inconvenient thing that 's ever happened to me up until now . ''
ashley was always talking about all the places she went and things she did with her family .
the first thing i see is the blue coffee can holding henri 's ashes and i suck in my breath .
' when i was showing six and sam our solar system a few days ago in the car , the same thing happened .
the next thing i know , he is flying into the air , yanked upward by telekinesis .
' that is the weirdest thing i ' ve ever seen . '
the next thing i ' m aware of i ' m no longer looking at the ceiling .
the last thing i hear before the darkness comes is the larger guard - defeated and ready to be done with this particular adventure - responding into his retrieved walkie - talkie , ' false alarm . '
the next thing i know , i am falling backwards , holding my throbbing head , my eyes squeezed shut .
the next thing i know , a dozen mog soldiers rush in , cannons up and ready .
the next thing i know , he 's right next to me and he grabs my neck .
the last thing i see out of the corner of my eye is ella scooping up my chest .
something big was going down around here - and that could only mean one thing .
they ' ve been a nightly thing ever since we left new mexico , so bad that six and marina have been alternating sleeping in her room , trying to make sure she does n't get too freaked out .
` ` yeah , henri had the same thing set up . ''
i ' m expecting the same thing , cringing as i wait for nine to throw an elbow into eight 's face .
` ` no way , '' i say hurriedly , wanting six to know that hug was about the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time .
` ` you know , if you 'd asked me last year , i 'd say the scariest thing i 'd ever seen was an ap chemistry final . ''
a small smile tugs at the corners of his lips , almost like he 's amused by this whole thing .
instead , he slaps on a big grin , as if the whole thing was one big joke .
the lecture hall first thing tomorrow , right ? ''
` ` funny thing is , i always thought it 'd be me , not john .
the last thing i remember is ella grabbing my arm and then ... this place .
the only thing this creature had to look forward to was the paralysis of its own fear and a slow , cold death .
i planned this whole thing out .
sandor planned for this sort of thing .
it 's an ugly thing , not at all like the battles described in the great book .
i did n't think such a thing was even possible .
the thing is , other than lorien , earth 's about the best place there is out there .
but brandon was talking like that was the most normal thing in the world .
pretty much the only exciting thing that happened in my entire first week was that one of the youngest garde , a dark - haired , mischievous - looking kid named samil , almost destroyed the whole school .
whatever this thing is , sandor , it 's bad .
it 's the thing they warned us about .
really , death was probably the best thing that could happen to her .
then i heard the strangest thing .
` ` funny thing is , elder loridas was n't fazed at all .
` ` same thing that happened to you , '' he says calmly , as if i 'd just asked him to remind me of tomorrow 's weather forecast .
when we get to sixth avenue , i feel like i ' m in one of those myths where the one thing the woman ca n't do is turn around and see what 's behind her .
wake up , it 's over jasper i missed the whole goddamn thing .
i did n't mention that i 'd slept through the whole thing , and i definitely did n't mention that i was alone , because from the sound of some of the messages , i would ' ve had a prayer circle on my doorstep in ten seconds flat , just to take care of me .
and then came the next thing , which is still the thing i remember the most , more than my parents ' phone call , more than the images on tv .
and then came the next thing , which is still the thing i remember the most , more than my parents ' phone call , more than the images on tv .
` ` i swear , the man was up for forty - eight hours straight , trying to explain this unexplainable thing .
when he asked me how i felt , i did n't lie - it did n't seem like the kind of thing to lie about .
but this thing - this thing that 's happening - has made me not care what i normally do .
but i do n't , so it 's a stupid thing to think about .
what a small , almost petty thing to want - to feel better .
and then i explain : in sliding doors , the whole idea is that every choice you make , and every single thing that happens to you , changes the trajectory of your life , and once you are put on that trajectory , there is no way back .
strangest thing happened then .
when she closed her eyes , she kept seeing one thing .
and the last thing dawson wanted to do was talk about bethany with dee .
partly due to the whole kissing thing and partly because he was still in his true form .
his eyes were doing that shiny thing again , like there was a white light behind the pupils .
funny thing was he had n't lied to her then .
on the other side , daemon did the strangest thing .
his chest was doing that crazy swelling thing again .
the next thing i knew i was against his warm , wet chest and his arm was around my waist .
waking up with my head in his lap was the last thing i 'd expected .
` ` the alien light bulb thing , '' i said .
it was pretty steamy , the whole ' i ' m screwing you with my eyes ' thing they had going on . ''
seemed like such a stupid thing to even think about .
` ` small town , not many faces , everyone stares kind of thing ? ''
the next thing i knew , he scooped me up into his arms .
the people are nicer here , except for the whole staring thing .
the morphing thing we try to avoid because of the trace . ''
` ` although that was the craziest thing i ' ve ever seen .
they think you 're responsible for what happened - the crazy energy thing .
the very thing i 'd wanted from blake , who turned out not to be normal at all .
` ` i heard about the window thing with simon . ''
the only thing i honestly could n't deal with was my mom and will making out , which i 'd gotten an eyeful of yesterday before she left for work .
stick their heads in the sand kind of thing , daemon .
i wonder if it was the same thing you saw . ''
` ` and the last thing i want to do is stop , but i want to take you out - go on a date or something .
it was late , past midnight , and the only good thing i had going was my mom was in fact at work and not wondering where in the hell i 'd been all day .
i forced myself to enjoy the food , and the funniest thing happened .
the only thing i 'd done differently was part it down the middle .
the thing was , i had n't seen his face and looking back , i could n't be 100 percent sure it had been blake .
there had been no more trucker hat sightings from hell , and then on thursday , the whole blake thing became a nonissue .
` ` the funny thing is , i could ' ve helped you .
` ` is n't that the strangest thing , though ? ''
lesa seemed a bit jealous over the whole thing .
the same thing happened with the older luxen .
the one good thing that came out of this was that between the mind - blowing pain and watching other people succumb to it , i really had n't been capable of thinking about anything else .
the strangest thing of all had been at lunch , seeing him sitting at the same table with the siblings of the boy he 'd killed .
cross that bridge when we get there , that kind of thing , but as long as everyone is together , we 'll figure something out . ''
i thought the whole thing with blake would ruin this afternoon , but i had underestimated the magnetism of daemon and his kisses .
` ` besides the whole glowworm thing , '' he teased .
the last thing anyone needed was my tripping over something and rolling back down the hill .
this is n't the sort of thing i want to feel .
the girl 's grief is a mindless , crushing thing , and somehow i feel it , even though i am supposed to be numb .
` ` the first good thing i ' ve seen in a long time . ''
the only thing that might hold us together is if we find other people . ''
` ` it 's the sort of thing a brother does to a sister .
same thing happens out in the maze - those walls shift every night , too . ''
` ` you just called it a maze - you said , ' same thing happens out in the maze . ' ''
and then thomas saw perhaps the most disturbing thing he 'd seen since he 'd arrived at the glade .
and with no more lights , thomas could n't see a single thing .
only thing we can reckon . ''
it was the strangest , most hard - to - believe thing thomas had ever seen .
a somber mood rested over the glade , an easy thing to happen when all is gray .
thomas could only wonder what crazy thing had happened now .
the first thing thomas saw when he ran up was a group of gladers huddled just outside the large steel door , still ajar , its outer edge blackened with soot .
same thing goes for teresa being sent here , her being used to trigger the ending - whatever that means - the place being shut down , gray skies , on and on and on .
thomas laughed again , in disbelief that such a thing could be possible so soon after what they 'd gone through .
if you do n't , then the whole thing was a mistake .
the same type of thing had happened to him .
not from tegan specifically , but the whole gym thing .
` ` typical thing . ''
needless to say , life after kiss is made of awesome , even though my head is still a little foggy that the whole thing is happening .
the thing is , it 's not just because he 's a pretty face either .
if it 's one thing jacky faber knows , it 's when she 's beat .
hidden snags and sandbars and that sort of thing , you know .
i know a secret thing that you do n't know and i ai n't gon na tell you what it is . ''
it is a common thing , but i will not give you my parole .
i keep my lips pursed tight , unyielding , and i intend to keep them that way for the duration of this thing , and he brings his mouth down on mine and tightens his grip about my waist .
that time , outside the jail in pittsburgh ... mike fink taunting me : i know a secret thing ... and i ai n't gon na tell you what it is ... and then later ... oh , my god ... my name is missus clementine fletcher !
we have the funeral for yancy cantrell first thing in the morning .
what you saw back on the mississippi with me and him was not a true thing ...
we ' ve placed an ad in the paper and made all the necessary inquiries , but this sort of thing happens all too often , i ' m afraid .
the space between us had shrunk by half when i regained my wits , pulled the doctor 's revolver from my belt , and took aim , remembering as i started to pull the trigger the thing that had nagged at me before , the thing i should have remembered but could n't : bullets .
what a terrible thing it would have been , to have traveled so far and endured so much , only to have him die so close to deliverance !
i must have dozed off , for the next thing i knew warthrop was sitting beside me .
i would have never left it again , but the packing began first thing the following morning .
the night before our departure for new york , a very odd thing happened - practically the oddest thing to happen between us up to that point .
the night before our departure for new york , a very odd thing happened - practically the oddest thing to happen between us up to that point .
` ` it is a terrible thing , mein freund , to love one who loves another .
` ` i was hoping for the same thing i always hope for , dr .
the thing i wanted .
do you know , the funny thing is , i liked him ; i liked dr . kearns very much .
i had no name for it , not then , not at thirteen , this thing unwinding inside me .
` ` this is the most remarkable thing , will henry .
there is something in us that longs for the indescribable , the unattainable , the thing that can not be seen . ''
chapter fourteen : ` ` the thing that can not be seen '' and so it was in the winter of my thirteenth year that i came to live with nathaniel bates and his family , in their three - story townhouse facing the hudson on the upper west side of manhattan .
i remembered his words the day before he abandoned me : there is something in us that longs for the indescribable , the unattainable , the thing that can not be seen .
and in me the thing unwinding , a swift , fierce thrill when i saw the fear in thomas arkwright 's eyes .
but that was the only thing that would .
` ` the very strange and ironic thing is that i left you behind so you would n't have to live on that plate with them . ''
the lobby itself had been designed to reflect its owners ' pride in empire , all dark woods and rich velvet , but the heat and the humidity had warped and cracked the wood and eaten holes in the velvet , a portent of things to come .
the last thing he saw before the bullet tore into his brain did not make sense .
the very strange and ironic thing is that i left you behind so you would n't have to live on that plate with them .
` ` it is a lovely word for a terrible thing .
i had seen the same thing many times before in my service to the monstrumologist : the light was fading from his eyes .
` ` then receiving a simple letter must be an extraordinary thing . ''
he shook his head as if it was the funniest thing ever .
a boy like that can be the greatest thing to happen to you , or the worst . ''
i ' ve never really seen the whole thing .
he could be the greatest or the worst thing to happen to you .
` ` the only thing that 's going on is that he drives me up a wall and i want him to get hit by a bus . ''
picasso , i was not , but it was a personal thing i did and i did n't share it with a lot of people .
i was going to leave it down , but it was doing this weird poofy thing on one side , so i whirled it into a messy bun and called it good .
and you 're meeting with some guy named joe about some mysterious thing , and if i did n't know better , i 'd say you were involved with the mob . ''
it was the prettiest thing i 'd ever seen in my life .
that 's just not a thing that happens , '' renee said .
it could be a thing that could happen , if i let it .
` ` first thing i think is , ' oh crap , i have to get up . '
i plan for this to be a regular thing , '' he said , kissing me .
the next thing i knew we were both nak*d , and his entire body was pressed on mine .
i just never thought it would be a thing i 'd be into . ''
it seemed like a strange thing to cheer , but we did n't care .
` ` getting assigned to be your roommate was the luckiest thing that ever happened to me .
they will thank you for it later , if any of us survive this thing .
the first number is a thing where we all pretend to be fluttering swans on a lake , all on tippy toes and moving our arms like softly flapping wings , and isadora , dressed as a hunter , lifts her crossbow and shoots zoe , the head swan , in the breast and she falls fluttering to the ground and the rest of us swans gather around her and mourn her death .
as always , jacky , you beware of betting on what looks like a sure thing . ''
` ` this kind of thing . ''
i feel my stomach do that weird little flip - flop thing you hear about .
this is the sort of thing i just ca n't have going on during the campaign .
then a surprising thing happens .
and that 's not the only weird thing today .
` ` ands , there are n't any rules about this sort of thing . ''
she 'd stayed all night last night because they had to intubate my dad because of this infection thing .
this terrible thing happened .
it would n't mean i was just trying to get back at ginny cuz the only thing she 'd hate more than you getting it on with a girl would be you getting it on with a girl who happens to be related to my dad .
then , the weirdest thing of all , the morning continued .
` ` actually , i think ely knows about this gabriel thing . ''
when i asked her to go see this fassbinder thing at anthology .
but it kept being out there , and the thing was , even though i really liked her as a person , i did n't really think i liked her as a girl , because when you like a girl , there 's this ignition - you can feel it - and with her , there was n't any ignition , just conversation and hanging out and shit .
she even told me to wear my blue shirt , because that was robin 's favorite , and at first i wanted to be like , bitch , i have about twenty blue shirts , but the cool thing was i knew exactly which one she was talking about , because i 'd always thought of it as the one that robin really liked .
and naomi says , i see bruces , which , if i was stoned , would be the most brilliant thing ever , but since i ' m on my best behavior , i just think it 's odd .
the only thing that 's a surprise to me is that it could have been a surprise to her .
the liver would grow back each day , and the whole thing would repeat itself . ''
sweet jesus , thank you - for this temporary stay , and hey , i 'll throw in thanks for the dying - for - my - sins thing , too .
i guess the cool thing is that i really was n't happy to see tris .
that feeling when you just want the right thing to fall into the right place , not only because it 's right , but because it will mean that such a thing is still possible ?
the tal thing , you and mom and caroline were right , i ca n't do that ever again .
the last thing i notice is she 's not even trying to smile anymore , and then i welcome the darkness that takes me over again .
i believe last week was an accident , but i do n't believe this was a onetime thing .
she tosses her bright pink bag on the bed and does the hair flip thing girls do .
why could n't the last thing to happen to me before i tried to go to sleep was bishop touching my bruise instead of this ?
not one thing i ' ve ever done makes me deserve to be here with this girl , but i ' ve never wanted to be anywhere more .
it 's not enough to forgive my sins , but maybe it can be one thing to be proud of .
next thing i knew , i was at the hospital .
this is n't enough to be my ` ` one thing '' gary was talking about .
crazy thing is that i mean it .
were n't whole defenses built on that kind of thing , when people went crazy and hacked their ex - wives to pieces with an ax ?
` ` the thing this mornin ' ... total misunderstandin ' , '' i tell him .
` ` well , that was until he called and said all the pledges in the fraternity had to sleep at the frat house for some crazy initiation thing .
my mom will be furious and blame the entire thing on me for not preventing it from happening .
his parents were out of town , and i went over to his place and one thing led to another and we just did it . ''
the last thing i remember was starting to walk home ... ... ` ` you passed out at the beach .
i imagined her life as a fairy tale ; the worst thing that could possibly happen would be a pea under her mattress keeping her up at night .
there 's one thing i do know , though .
` ` seriously , you 're pro'bly the best thing that 's ever happened to the guy . ''
oh , god , i 'd do anything for you to stop blaming me for every little thing that goes wrong .
the whole thing happens fast .
in my day there was no such thing as sexual harassment and women actually let men buy them sodas and open doors for them ... and pinch their butts . ''
it 's a once - a - month thing we do . ''
the next thing i know , i ' m being shoved into the backseat of the suv .
the next thing i know , alex is shaking me .
alex 's mom , sitting in the front row , has her head bent as if she 's watching an ant on the ground and it 's the most interesting thing she 's ever seen .
` ` first thing this mornin ' .
chuy 's next blow to my head is the last thing i remember before i black out .
so we 'll make it so you can see terrible things that are going to take place and then try to change them before they happen . ''
the first thing i notice when i ' m almost home is trevor 's car parked in my driveway .
the same thing had happened at bobby 's house last week , and i wrote it off as an isolated incident - a fluke that had come out of the extreme stress of the situation .
` ` if you come with me to this work thing , tomorrow morning i 'll take you to the most amazing bookstore you have ever seen in your life . ''
chapter 9 addie : is there such a thing as death by water bottle ?
the second thing i noticed was , ` ` your voice is the same . ''
craziest thing i ever witnessed . ''
the only thing i saw was the head trevor had drawn , its mouth wide open , eating the m in ` ` man . ''
i changed one little thing from how i had seen it play out .
the worst thing that could happen was he would n't be able to heal .
` ` about the jenna thing , did you ? ''
` ` the thing is ... wren and i are going to be moving into the town house ... together . ''
and the worst memory of all was the thing ... the jenna thing .
was that a california thing ?
i was called in for questioning for the tiffany 's thing .
` ` what wonderful thing did you , mr .
there were people who hated ali , and spencer knew she should tell the police what ali told her about the jenna thing ... that maybe toby wanted to hurt ali ... but how could she tell them that without telling them why ?
` ` if you tell melissa , '' spencer said after a moment , her heart pounding wildly , ` ` i 'll tell everyone about the jenna thing . ''
yesterday , after they confronted her at breakfast , spencer had wandered outside to see what the sirens were all about - ambulances still made her nervous , from both the jenna thing and ali 's disappearance .
the jenna thing happened not too long after .
but then , after the jenna thing happened , things got tense .
i 'll tell everyone about the jenna thing .
the same thing had happened to the four of them after their best friend , alison dilaurentis - really courtney , ali 's secret twin sister - disappeared on the last day of seventh grade .
the thing was , jeremiah had n't stolen the money ... hanna had .
emily wanted to tell her that she was pretty sure the only thing that would get her out of her funk would be if it turned out killing tabitha had been a dream , but she appreciated beth 's effort .
hanna took a breath , about to tell him that he could thank her for setting the whole thing up , when suddenly three burly guys holding beer cans cut between them .
the saddest thing in the world was when i had to put my twelve - year - old mastiff to sleep , and i ' m really , really afraid of spiders . ''
it 's a horrible thing to watch .
the blond girl grinned straight into the camera , wearing a faded blue string bracelet that looked so much like the one their ali had made for aria and the others after the jenna thing .
` ` i have a school thing tomorrow . ''
and it was a horrible thing i did .
they 'll think she hallucinated the whole thing . ''
kate had probably found out that hanna ditched the play and was pissed , but the last thing hanna wanted was a petty fight .
it was like she 'd dreamed the whole thing .
at least one good thing had come out of this .
being with isaac was the only thing that took some of her pain and fear away .
the photo told that happy story ... except for one thing .
the worst thing that happened was i once tripped over the cobblestones after having too much brennivin schnapps and skinned my knee . ''
hanna raised her water glass and clinked it with mike 's , thankful he had n't pressed to know what the nasty thing was that kate was going to spill .
the first thing aria noticed were the leaf - shaped wind chimes hanging from the front porch - they 'd been on the front porch at ali 's old house , too .
if he 'd said he was going with hanna , kate would have immediately told daddy and ruined the whole thing .
how was this payback for the herpes thing ?
the last thing they remembered was ali 's weird hypnosis : she counted down from one hundred , touched their foreheads with her thumb , and announced that they were in her power .
the last thing hanna wanted was to give ali a reason to drop them - if that happened , hanna would go back to being an ugly , chubby loser .
and that was n't the worst thing that could happen .
bad things did n't happen in places like rosewood .
the very same thing had happened when they saw ian 's dead body in the woods last week - one minute he was lying there , bloated and pale on the grass , and the next he was ... gone .
lucy looked at her as if she 'd never heard of such a thing .
this place might have a james beard award - winning pastry chef , but the last thing she needed was to pack on ten pounds of fat .
noel stared at her indignantly , like aria had just told him there was no such thing as lacrosse .
spencer had watched them from the window ; the whole thing with the medium had taken only about ten minutes .
someone murdering ali was one thing , truly tragic .
that was the one good thing that had come out of the ali disaster : the four of them were best friends again , their bond even stronger than it was in seventh grade .
that was when aria knew moving to iceland was the best thing that could ' ve ever happened to her .
ali had ceremoniously passed around the bracelets , making the girls promise to wear them - and keep the jenna thing a secret - until the day they died .
i know she does n't look like her , but she 's wearing ali 's old string bracelet - the one she made for us after the jenna thing .
she did n't know which horrible thing it was about : what happened in jamaica , or what happened with patrick .
hanna 's gaze drifted to the bracelet on her wrist - just like emily said , it was an exact match to the one ali had made for them after the jenna thing .
the only thing aria remembered was feeling a burst of strength , grabbing ali 's arms , spinning her around , and pushing her hard .
noel had arrived on the scene a few minutes after everything happened ; he had n't seen a thing .
the horrible thing a knew about .
reliving the whole horrible thing ?
the sharp , woodsy smell reminded emily of so many things at once - like the campfire they 'd sat around in the woods the summer after the jenna thing .
a kiss for ian thomas was hardly the worst thing in the world .
` ` and anyway , the jenna thing happened last spring , not summer .
` ` that 's a pretty foul thing to do to your sister , spence , '' she said .
then again , she had sort of made the annapolis thing happen , too .
` ` the same thing happened to my friend kerri randolph .
she 'd helped organize the whole thing .
i heard about the horrible thing you went through . ''
she could n't shake the feeling that the whole thing was her fault , which was how she 'd felt when she discovered byron kissing meredith in seventh grade .
with all of the drama about her baby and gayle , she 'd lost focus on the other horrible thing a knew .
after all , the only thing that was worse than a ruining a relationship was aria sabotaging it all on her own .
the thing was , not that long before that , hanna had laughed at mona when she was in ali 's clique .
one good thing had happened : early that morning , aria received a text from hanna saying she 'd finally tracked down the address of the family who had adopted violet , using her dad 's voter records .
the only thing that would make everything perfect was if her a was gone , too .
on the third morning , hanna got in her car and drove slowly down reeds lane , wondering if she 'd imagined the whole thing .
one good thing had come out of this a mess : she 'd reunited with her friends for real .
` ` this is just a getting - to - know - you , everyone - try - on - the - equipment , here - are - some - water - safety - tips kind of thing , '' spencer added knowingly .
` ` in a weird way , though , that crash was the best thing for my cousin .
both of us almost nak*d , you holding me up ... '' ` ` want to make it a regular thing ? ''
` ` you 're the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time . ''
` ` the slip on the floor , the food poisoning , the gum thing , and now the bed ?
she 'd heard about this kind of thing happening .
the last thing she saw was a light coming toward her , filling her field of vision ... then , air pushed into spencer 's lungs , and she opened her eyes with a jolt .
hanna pictured time rewinding , every horrible thing they 'd done turning to dust .
the weird thing is , a sent this practically the moment i saw chassey 's makeover ... like a was watching .
nope , but a similar thing happened to me , which is why i ' m interested .
` ` the same thing happened to both of us .
` ` this whole thing feels like a ticking time bomb , '' hanna said in a hushed voice .
` ` the only thing the cops figured out was that the car was an acura . ''
` ` the only weird thing going on right now is that you 're paying attention to me . ''
` ` and then , i do n't know , dug up a tabitha look - alike blow - up doll , and just ... '' ` ` ... staged the whole thing ? ''
the worst thing that happens is melissa slams the door in our faces ... or calls the cops . ''
` ` no , the thing before jessica 's . ''
if someone really knew about the jenna thing ... and could tell ... and if that someone had something to do with ali 's death , hanna 's life was definitely not in her control .
but inside ... spencer closed her eyes , remembering may of seventh grade , a year after the jenna thing .
although the jenna thing had been an accident , hanna sometimes felt like it was n't exactly .
one was after the jenna thing , one was after ali went missing , and one was when she was walking down laugavegur street in reykjavik and saw a girl on a billboard that looked exactly like meredith .
who could know about ezra , her parents ... and the jenna thing ?
she wondered if he had a shrink for the same reason he 'd taken the blame for the jenna thing .
she 'd tried to come up with logical , non - romantic reasons why the meredith thing had happened .
after the jenna thing happened , hanna did n't savor teasing quite as much .
` ` i just ... there 's this dance thing .
` ` the annual thing that the news covers .
i ... i have to go to this benefit thing .
it made spencer think about the night after the jenna thing happened .
` ` i just saw the whole thing , '' maya whispered , nudging her chin to where ben was still crouched .
i got a text that he 's at this benefit thing called foxy with another girl . ''
that was the most surreal thing of the night .
` ` i mean , there was that time , in seventh grade , when i was alone with toby , at that drama thing !
` ` thing was , it kind of came true , '' emily said .
this was n't long after the annapolis thing happened .
if she told wilden about the jenna thing , her dad would hate her .
the phone lines had gone down before she could explain the truth of the jenna thing to emily last night .
and anyway , it 's not the worst thing that happened to me . ''
` ` the thing that ali knew ... '' spencer had that look on her face again - like she had a lot to say , but she did n't want to say any of it .
the funny but sad thing about all of it was that emily was pretty sure she 'd started loving ali the night of jenna 's accident , after the ambulances left and ali came back inside .
had n't ali made them all promise a year ago , after the horrible thing with jenna happened , that they would tell one another everything , absolutely everything , until the end of time ?
3 there 's no such thing as bad press during their free period monday afternoon , hanna marin and her best friend , mona vanderwaal , were sitting in the corner booth of steam , rosewood day 's coffee bar , doing what they did best : ripping on people who were n't as fabulous as they were .
as much as she 'd been trying to convince herself that being with maya was wrong , it was the only thing that felt right .
` ` how about that pillory thing at the fairgrounds ? ''
the less she spoke to melissa , the better - at least until the golden orchid thing was over .
hanna might have taken the rap for the jenna thing weeks ago when she had nothing to live for , but there was no way in hell she would confess now .
she went back inside , wondering if ali and spencer had just ditched the rest of them , staging the whole thing so they could run off to a cooler party .
mona was probably still annoyed at her because of the frenniversary thing , but whatever .
so mona had better speed it up before she missed the whole thing .
maya used to cut herself - she said it was the only thing that made her feel okay .
the first thing she saw was dr . evans 's plaque across the room .
` ` but when you woke up , you 'd forgotten the whole thing ever happened .
` ` the whole thing was so strange .
` ` i know that 's moronic , but the first notes talked about this thing that only she knew . ''
not after the scarlet a thing . ''
after the jenna thing , she and ali used to come here practically every weekend , and nothing about the place had changed since then .
the whole thing was so eerily nostalgic , emily almost expected to see ali out on the ice practicing her backward crossovers .
the whole thing happened in a blink .
this was definitely the nicest thing her dad had done for her in a long , long time .
which meant just one thing .
after that , the only thing hanna remembered was stuffing enough money in the hollis meter to leave the prius parked there overnight , calling a cab , and stumbling blindly into the house .
the jenna thing happened , and they 'd all become so scared and worried .
she and cassie laughed like it was the funniest thing in the world .
` ` oh my god , that is the lamest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` we ' ve got the whole thing recorded . ''
but this was between her and hallbjorn , and the last thing she needed was someone trying to talk her out of it .
aria paused for a moment , drinking the whole thing in .
byron looked at aria for permission , and she shrugged and gestured toward the door that led to the house - the last thing she wanted to see was meredith bursting .
` ` this is the craziest thing i ' ve seen in a long time !
but the thing is , i ' m going to be training a lot , '' colin said , shifting in his seat .
was melissa saying that their prank on colin was a one - time thing , not an indication that they could form a stronger bond ?
ali had made one for each of them the summer after the jenna thing happened .
like how she 'd told hanna and the others that they 'd caused the jenna thing when really , jenna and ali had orchestrated it all along .
the thing was , spencer had struggled through so many other deaths lately , and of people much younger .
that meant mona had known about the horrible thing they 'd accidentally done to jenna the entire time she and hanna were best friends .
there were a few younger girls gaping at an old flyer for the rosewood stalker , who had n't resurfaced since the whole a thing ended - the police figured it had most likely been mona .
` ` it 's because of the golden orchid thing . ''
they were all probably horrified that this ian thing was even happening .
the first thing she pulled out was the string bracelet ali had made for them after the jenna thing .
it was as if hanna had dreamed the whole thing .
but she also forced them to do things they did n't want to do - like the jenna thing , a horrific secret they vowed to keep until they died .
courtney tittered as if this was the funniest thing in the world .
ali had tortured aria , but all that time she 'd been going through the exact same thing .
someone like her could never get tickets to this thing . ''
she 'd mentioned mike briefly to ali , asking if naomi and riley were behind the skidz thing .
suck - ups do that type of thing .
out of habit , i peek at the runner on first , but i ca n't see a damn thing .
the worst thing that 's going to happen to you here ... '' he glances over at the closed door of my old bedroom .
gwen gives me a smile that 's one more perfect thing in the backyard .
it 's an odd thing to watch from someone who is always nothing less than perfection .
he got down on his knees , looked me in the eye , and told me i was the worst thing that ever happened to him . ''
if i ' m lucky , the worst thing that will happen is that i 'll stutter and shake my way through the performance .
this is a shitty place , rachel , and awful things happen here . ''
it was a rare day for this sort of thing , and all who went down gasped in wonder at the beauty below .
he swaggers about in full uniform , tapping the bell with his knuckles and pronouncing it a fine thing .
i said that i thought i had noticed a seam opening up next to the nancy 's keel on my last dive , though i had noticed no such thing , of course .
but it was a close thing , querida mia , and you know it was , '' he says .
` ` fire on us , and the same thing will happen ! ''
but it was a close thing . ''
i take a deep , deep breath and look down upon my world - my sturdy little ship , my good friends , and the calm sea - and i realize one thing , one very great and glorious thing ...
i take a deep , deep breath and look down upon my world - my sturdy little ship , my good friends , and the calm sea - and i realize one thing , one very great and glorious thing ...
r is for robin , a beautiful thing , when the bird brings the promise of spring ?
the mushrooms grew , but it was n't the same thing ; that felt less magical .
one thing i 'd always wondered but there was never a chance to ask , so i said , ` ` tegan , did the wolves mistreat all their females ? ''
he 'd trailed us through the ruins , and despite my sharp senses and fade 's intuition , we had n't noticed a thing .
my cheeks heated at the idea that momma oaks knew about that kind of thing .
one touched another on the head in what i took to be a soothing manner , and the worst thing ?
i 'd never heard of such a thing until i came topside .
` ` think about the best thing you ever felt , the moment you were happiest .
around me , i caught a glimpse of fade , fighting to reach me , and stalker , who was killing like it was his favorite thing in the world .
i wished the flames could drive away the monsters forever , but it did n't work like that , and according to edmund , wishing was only a thing you did when you looked up at the stars .
life had taught her to be brave and strong - that as long as she did n't give up , there was no such thing as defeat .
it 's ... grim , maybe the worst thing i ' ve ever seen .
i hoped the day would come when he could do it without needing that mental pause , where touching me was the easiest and best thing in the world .
he looked surprised as i came around the counter , but he wrapped his arms around me like it was the easiest thing in the world .
if i was wrong about szarok , that 'd be a sad thing for someone to carve on my grave marker .
first thing , i saw fade waiting outside , well enough to stand .
` ` he 's well , though it was a near thing .
what 's the most surprising thing you can think of ?
that 's the one thing i never wanted . ''
that sort of thing is common enough that i believed him .
i ' ve never heard of such a thing happening . ''
joel met the professor 's eyes , and saw the darkness moving behind them again - a real , tangible thing , clouding the whites with a shifting , scribbly mess of black .
the silly thing is that somehow it was infectious , and now , whenever a squirrel scuttled past me , i always said , ` ` oh , look at that cute , fat little mr .
` ` only the crazy thing is that no one will believe he made a mistake .
the stupid thing is , no one 's ever found out who he was .
the stupid thing was that james did n't know what he 'd died of .
next thing i knew , i 'd start speaking in verse .
i 'd stopped even being surprised by this kind of thing .
* * * the coach drive through london was the most exciting thing to have happened to me so far .
` ` did mum tell you about the odd thing that 's happened ? ''
the first thing i saw when i took the blindfold off was gideon , with a top hat on his head .
i closed my eyes - and the same thing happened as before : my brain suffered that delicious break in transmission .
mind you , i suppose it all comes to the same thing in the end . ''
it was n't likely i 'd find anything to laugh about at this soiree thing .
` ` er- '' ` ` it 's a funny thing , but charlotte said the same .
` ` and all these years i thought i might just have been dreaming the whole thing . ''
i did once smuggle lucy and paul out so that they could see a film and look around for a while , but the stupid thing was that we were caught at it .
it 's still more than i can grasp , knowing that these things are still going to happen although they took place long ago .
bon jovi , ` ` next 100 years '' eleven the only stupid thing was that it 's such a short song .
` ` chance would be a fine thing , '' i said , and suddenly i wanted to go home .
the illimitable , silent , never - resting thing called time , rolling , rushing on , swift , silent , like an all - embracing ocean - tide , on which we and all the universe swim like exhalations , like apparitions which are , and then are not : this is forever very literally a miracle ; a thing to strike us dumb - for we have no word to speak about it .
he was dead right : the whole thing had been more than a little unfortunate .
the last thing i saw was gideon 's eyes , looking unnaturally green in his pale face .
i did n't just think the thing uncanny - i mean , it was fueled by blood !
next thing i knew i 'd be bobbing him a curtsey !
i do n't know if anyone could imagine a thing like that .
a wave of heat hit us in the face , and i clung to gideon 's arm , as if the next thing would be a gust of wind strong enough to blow us off the roof .
mr . bernard would never allow a thing like that , '' i said indignantly .
it was a little odd to be disappearing before the fascinated gaze of lesley and raphael , but by this time , i realized , the whole thing followed a familiar routine .
` ` we were on our way to prevent that very thing , but getting through all these passages took too long ... and then , idiot that i am , i managed to cross my own path . ''
gideon could have hit himself over the head on tuesday , for instance , or in august next year - it would have come to the same thing .
the first thing i saw when i landed was rakoczy 's face only twelve inches or so away from me .
it 's a weird thing to do , so i hope it was by accident .
he 's asian , so maybe it 's just a thing that he does to celebrate his culture ?
if there 's one thing i ca n't stand , it 's a guy who makes fun of me for getting excited about a book , and then turns around and gets even more excited about some stupid sports team .
` ` uh , no , it is the greatest thing ever , so that is what we are watching . ''
i was more pissed at hazel because she instigated the whole thing .
the first thing i realize after we got our shoes sorted out and pay for our lanes is that we are loud .
besides , this will prepare me for the actual thing .
` ` yeah , jett filled me in on the whole thing . ''
and the rest , same thing .
friendship is not a thing i have ever experienced .
i spin around , my voice a quiet , dangerous thing .
we are sleeping under the same godforsaken roof ; a thing i 'd hoped never to experience again .
` ` only good thing about that is we know he does n't want her dead . ''
sleep , it seems , is the only thing that will come .
i think i blacked out at one point , either from the pain or from the cold - it is cold as hell out here - and the next thing i know , some dude is carrying me .
she whispered her idea into dad 's ear , and next thing you know , grandma is running coffeenation , and we 're living in huts on the yucatan peninsula , eating fish tacos for breakfast .
it was probably more a friendly thing than anything romantic , but i still felt all oozy inside and wanted to stay there forever .
one perk of family intensives was that you got to stay at the hotel where they held the thing , which meant a whole weekend of tv and swimming pools .
a day on the quarry with no sleep was a brutal thing , and i knew i was in for a rough go of it when i stumbled to the shower .
the only thing we have to fear - okay , maybe not the only thing , but the biggest thing we have to fear , with props to fdr - is fear itself . ''
` ` shut up , '' said johnny - o , ` ` there ai n't no such thing . ''
this was n't the first time such a thing had happened .
my mother - or was it my father - said there was no such thing as possession , but you know it happens , because you ' ve done it yourself . ''
then she spun at the sudden clatter of hoofbeats on wood , and saw the strangest thing .
the mcgill was filled with so many conflicting emotions , he felt he would blow into a thousand pieces , and did n't doubt that such a thing was possible for an afterlight who was tormented enough .
the look of terror on the ripper 's face was the most satisfying thing nick had seen for a very long time .
mikey knew she had seen the whole thing -- it was there in the panicked look on her face .
it was the most exciting thing to happen here in recent memory .
there was a report of a dreadful car accident -- a terrible thing .
if there was one thing mary hightower could not do in an airship , it was sneak up on them .
nick had played it out dozens of different ways until he saw the whole thing clearly in his mind .
the most horrible thing you can imagine -- but do it quickly ! ''
this weird thing keeps happening .
mary , as well as all the interlights in the sleeping car , remained asleep through the whole thing , and the kids in the prison car had grown so uninterested in the outside world , they were barely aware of the crash .
` ` loss of memory is not a thing to laugh at , '' milos said .
one might argue that a piggy bank 's purpose was to eventually be shattered , but the universe would argue back that such a thing could not happen until the bank was full .
` ` let 's not go there , '' allie said , because losing one 's humility was a dangerous thing for a skinjacker ... although she had to admit she liked the name .
in all his years in everlost he had seen many things but had never witnessed a place cross into everlost .
` ` that was the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
jill , who had seen the whole thing , gave allie slow applause .
when he turned , the first thing he saw lying on the ground beside him were objects that had fallen from the pile of shiny things just a few feet away .
what he saw did n't make any sense , though , because it was the exact same thing he saw before he covered his dead eye .
the only thing inevitable in life .
the one thing i know for sure is that the only time i ' ve been truly happy lately has been with will .
but there 's one thing i know for sure .
the only thing i thought about was kel .
the next thing i know , his arms are around me and he lifts me up , pulls the shower curtain back and shoves me in .
it 's not a fun thing to talk about .
the only thing inevitable in life ...
in the first line , when you said that death was the only thing inevitable in life ... you emphasized the word death .
one of the boys at the next table told mrs . brill they were faking the whole thing , so kel got called to the office . ''
we started making out on the couch and one thing led to another ... neither of us willing to stop it .
i pull the straps of her bra down over her arms to slide it off when the worst thing in the world happens .
the funny thing is , my grandfather is n't being overdramatic for caulder 's benefit .
that night in her laundry room though , i allowed my emotions to take control over my conscience , and i almost messed up the best thing that ever happened to me .
i ' m still not sure how gavin feels about the whole thing , so i refrain from congratulating him .
what 's the last thing you remember ? ''
the only thing that made it start beating again ?
` ` that 's an odd thing to want to hear about on your honeymoon . ''
when i walk in , the first thing i notice is nick turned toward lake .
the first thing i saw was my grandmother doubled over in a chair , crying .
she 's been a little too busy , which can only mean one thing .
` ` you 're the greatest thing that 's ever happened to my life , '' i whisper .
she smiles , but then her smile does this twisted thing where it flips upside down and turns into a mangled , demonic groan .
the next thing i knew , kir was in the fray , hitting and punching at those who tried to hurt us .
i shivered a little , my stomach doing that strange flipping thing again .
` ` i think i need to see some more imagination if you 're going to win this thing . ''
at the thought of every deliciously carnal thing they did to each other , maria pressed her thighs together , squirming against the needy , throbbing ache in her core .
and then , i ' m secretly wishing that she were my mother , which i realize is a terrible thing to wish , but i ca n't help it .
but the one thing that really hit home with me was father johns telling us that we would go to hell if we did n't join the catholic church , do enough charity work , and live a good life .
the first thing that happens whenever i enter the korean catholic church : every single one of the kdfcs gives me a big old hug and then they speak their homework sentence in english .
this is the only thing we look forward to all week .
he admits to doing what he did , but his lawyer stresses that the whole thing was random , an accident even , because my mother 's killer went off his medications , but is now back on meds , as if that matters at all to anyone .
it is the strangest thing i have ever seen .
my eighteenth b - day party is sorta a big thing , as old man linder , old man thompson , and some old people from the home come , the kdfcs bring their families along with fc , the franks family shows , the five are , of course , there along with many of my fellow cphs classmates , prince tony , and mrs . baxter - and even pj and ms . jenny show up , which is sorta cool , because in a sexy summer dress , donna flirts with pj and he does n't leave early .
what is the last thing you remember ? ''
` ` i thought you told me you were n't coming to this thing ? ''
` ` oh man , that was the funniest thing i have ever seen , '' his hilarity eventually subsided into a softer version while he wiped tears of laughter from his eyes .
the thing was , as cool as the whole magic and immortality life was , i could have been equally as happy living a normal life and dying of old age , or dying really , at any age .
i mean nothing out of the normal as far as this whole walk thing goes ?
` ` i can fix you , heal you or whatever , '' i replied casually , as if it were the most normal thing in the world .
` ` ok , so during the whole immortal walk thing , you know that the wind completely beat the crap out of me , right ? ''
as jericho said , talbott was probably going to die at the end of this thing anyway .
and that is the greatest thing to happen to me , since ... . since probably the last time you got me out ! ''
his eyes were the same piercing green , his hair unruly and wild and his smile the absolute most genuine thing i had ever seen .
` ` avalon does n't even have any magic right now , so the whole thing is obviously a ploy to get us to react .
` ` kiran , i know this might sound weird coming from me ... . '' kiran tensed next to me , waiting for whatever trivial thing i chose to argue with him about this time .
somewhere in the last five minutes i became aware of what kiran was waiting for and found it ridiculous that he was so patiently waiting for me to offer him a kiss when the whole thing had just been a scam to avoid giving him a kiss in front of an audience .
i do n't know , like we 're going through the same thing , like i can relate to you .
i blushed instantly , and then worse when amelia and seraphina burst into laughter after witnessing the same thing .
i mean , there were things that obviously sent up red flags in our past , like when he planned to testify against me at my trial , and when he attacked the farm ... .
` ` the awful thing is , i ' m not even crying over him ! ''
in the end , the only thing love gave me was an early trip to my grave because i was sure i would die of embarrassment .
i ' m leaving in the morning , there is this conference thing in kenya that i ' m meeting my mom at and i needed to walk through the gardens , '' she cringed when it was clear she was n't making sense and i bit down on my thumbnail to keep from laughing at how adorable she was all flustered and blushing .
i readied myself for the worst thing imaginable so that when it happened , i could be strong for my team .
the second thing i realized was that there was a man standing in the corner pointing a gun directly at my chest .
` ` if you 're not going to your convention thing and you 're not going home , where are you going ? ''
beyond what this would mean for my people i had to admit the whole thing was exactly like gabriel said , amazing .
whether they are or not , the only thing i see is the fall of the icarus , a river of fire in the sky , great storm clouds of smoke and steam .
` ` if you 'd tell me what kind of thing of note you 're wondering about , i ' m sure i could be more help . ''
not a nice thing on watery ground .
i ' m busy sitting up too , because when you go to sleep wrapped around a pretty girl , there are some things going on first thing in the morning that you do n't exactly want making headline news .
this is the thing i ' ve been afraid of .
like you said , we 're trained not to let that kind of thing happen .
i do n't know what it is , but if we 're seeing the same thing , i ' m not crazy .
what the hell kind of thing causes them to pack up and leave ? ''
he leans up and kisses me , a brief thing before he starts to pull away again .
the tiny details of the scene clog my thoughts , dragging my attention away from this thing i ca n't understand .
i know we 're both seeing the same thing .
` ` um , my grandpa had that thing tonight , though , '' seth reminded me softly of the training that was planned for after dinner , just like every other night .
we were lucky freak tornadoes were an actual thing in nebraska .
the last thing i remember is seth , seth saving me . ''
` ` he 's given up his soul for this whole thing .
it was obviously the fastest way to travel and the cold and wind did n't bother me since i had the whole glowing thing going on .
the crazy thing was that allison kept talking about wanting another baby .
` ` that thing with seth , i was pretty ashamed of my behavior .
anyway , so they planned this whole thing .
` ` i was there , you know , before the whole fallen thing .
` ` i forgot about the whole fallen thing . ''
the thing i had been most afraid of had happened .
` ` i ca n't even remember them having a thing together before she left . ''
she had no idea , she was just getting used to this whole thing .
` ` but , if a vampyre and a lykan mate , then who- '' ` ` well there 's the thing .
yeah , definitely not the greatest thing ever ... being the spitting image of the snake that had killed a few of the most beloved members of a small pack .
the next thing she knew he had a hold of her , his hand clamped tightly across her mouth .
it was going to be the most awe - inspiring thing caia had ever witnessed .
i ca n't be afraid when everyone else is or they 'll think that i ' m not sure we 're going to win this thing . ''
she 'd tried to think of one bright thing about her future , but her mind had only rolled backward , toward lost moments of joy that could never be again .
the sad thing was , eureka and maya used to be friends , before they 'd started evangeline , before maya had entered puberty a dark - haired angel and exited an unapproachable goth goddess .
rhoda 's favorite meteorologist , cokie faucheux , had predicted sun the whole weekend , which was the only thing that seemed right - eureka was content to disagree with rhoda .
i start to hang up when he adds , ` ` callie , if you need to hang out with someone , you could call luke ... you two are kind of going through the same thing .
` ` i ' m signing you out first thing tomorrow morning and then you 're coming home - that is , unless you want to fork out your own money . ''
` ` i want to see you first thing monday .
the thing is i ' m not sure if i ' m terrified about that or relieved .
` ` i guess it depends on what happens with this caleb thing . ''
it 's the most f**king adorable thing i ' ve ever seen and it briefly flings me back to that place in her bed where she 's looking up at me and trusting me as i thrust inside her .
` ` about the throwing - up thing . ''
even when we were kids , we were kind of competitive , and then when the thing with caleb happened any hope of a brotherly - sisterly bond shattered .
the distance widening between us felt like a palpable thing .
the next thing i knew , i was waking to the sound of the gate being opened above us and ivan 's footsteps on the stairs .
the last thing i heard was the darkling 's voice - so clear , like he was lying right next to me , his lips pressed against my ear , whispering so that only i could hear : thank you .
` ` if this whole sun summoner thing does n't work out , you might consider a career as a barrister .
the fold was a dead and empty place , not a living thing .
but this was the strangest thing i 'd ever witnessed .
it 's the one thing they do n't seem able to recover from .
in the end , the fatigue of the day must have made the decision for me , because the next thing i knew , it was morning .
` ` i have not heard of such a thing . ''
the next thing i knew , cadmus was gently picking me up off the ground , cradling me to his chest .
but they are all waiting for the same thing .
it just seems like everything 's brand new to you , like the world 's a new place to you , almost as if you ' ve never really ventured out into it before , and i was trying to figure out why you 'd be like that , and the only thing i could come up with was that you 'd maybe - lived in a cult of some sort . ''
i keep my eyes on his face , ensuring he 's the last thing i see .
the next thing - pain , such pain .
` ` so can you tell me the last thing you do remember ? ''
i think i came very close to disappearing into that void - that black hole is still the only thing i can see in the medallion . ''
` ` mom and dad met at some sort of historical thing .
as i came to , the first thing i noticed was a chubby , pale hand with a faded pink lotus tattoo patting my arm .
she hit the platform and the very last thing i saw was a flash of white light and a loud whooshing sound , before i landed , hard , in the cabin just north of the field where they were holding the woodstock festival .
if this latest time shift was fairly localized , as connor had said , then the only thing that should have changed in charlayne 's life was that she and i never met - meaning her page should still be active .
that was another thing that i probably should have anticipated , but it would n't have really mattered since my very last dollar had vanished with my backpack on the metro .
one more thing me mom would be mad about if she knew i was cursin ' , ' specially in front of a lady . ''
the funny thing is that i got the better end of the deal .
the startled look on their faces was the last thing i remember clearly before i felt the sharp jab of a needle in my upper arm .
the next thing i remember was waking up in my bed .
if soul mates existed and there was such a thing , this stranger was all the proof she needed .
sorry about the thing in class , '' he mentioned .
of course , that was just one more thing cooper donovan did that seemed to drive her completely crazy .
it was the worst thing in my world to lose him .
surely this sort of thing did n't happen to normal people .
the last thing katherine wanted to do was try to explain austen to her parents .
first thing i do is wonder just how much she overheard .
i smiled and thanked her manager , and the next thing i know , natalie is practically dragging me out of the store and is in my face .
the next thing i know , i ' m lying across her bed and she 's crawling on top of me .
next thing i know , she 's admitting to being off of them for a few months .
she pauses and says , ` ` i think you 're the best thing ever to happen to cam .
the first thing i notice is the photograph , which i have n't actually seen myself until right now , lying on the bed .
overly relieved , we get out to meet him and the first thing i notice is the same thing camryn notices .
overly relieved , we get out to meet him and the first thing i notice is the same thing camryn notices .
but i think i ' ve learned in my time with andrew that it can also be a wonderful thing , and that usually when something happens that seems unfair , it 's just life 's way of making room for better things to come .
i knew that if i stayed , if i continued to put too much thought into it , the only thing i 'd accomplish would be to let fear control my , our , entire life from that point on .
ivan gostov 's fur shone clean and glossy as it never had in life and for some reason , this struck koja as a very sad thing .
it 's a pathetic thing to admit but i ca n't lie to myself no matter how badly i want to .
he smiles crookedly , an undeniably adorable thing and waves .
the boat trip our families made together at the beginning of the summer was the most exhilarating part of the entire thing . ''
i do n't mention the other thing that happened over the summer .
` ` okay , i ' m going to think of specific things that i know will trigger certain responses in me but i 'll tell you each thing i ' m feeling as it comes to me .
we figured it was just a onetime thing since the entire school , its staff and the police knew the details .
you 're light years above people twice your age and i ' m waiting for the amazing thing that will inescapably come of you both . ''
i was surprised at how well mr . and mrs . jacobs kept their cool during this entire thing .
the last thing i 'd want to happen would me be exposing jesse for what he was and not get it on film .
the next thing i knew matt was beside me helping me push her onto the road .
i could only imagine what he was thinking but there was one thing i knew for certain .
i prayed that he was keeping her at the cabin but feared that since the police had already been there i would find the same thing they did , nothing .
` ` i guess you were n't kidding about wanting to win that thing , '' madeline says , toying with her straw .
the thing is , ever since i was little , i ' ve had a secret , deep - down fear that being adopted means i ' m second best , and sometimes i just demand things to see how far i can push people - to see how much they actually care about me .
after the possibly life - altering thing that had just happened , she expected the world to have miraculously and drastically transformed - a leprechaun to dance through the open window , clarice 's kitschy terra - cotta patio sculptures to come to life and start a conga line , something .
and that was n't the only thing i saw ... ... chapter 9 imitation is the highest form of flattery ` ` the party has officially started , '' i call , strutting out from behind a big boulder where i changed into a silver bikini .
i concentrated hard , but i still could n't see what that horrible thing could have been .
she 'd orchestrated the whole thing .
she wondered if school dances were ethan 's thing .
next thing i know , people were cal ing your name .
she was actual y pretty awesome about the whole thing .
` ` i mean , gabby and lili were definitely mad about the seizure thing , but they are n't sutton 's kil ers .
` ` we 'll tape the whole thing and put it on youtube ! ''
i tried to remember pranking ethan , but i could n't see a thing .
the last thing i needed to hit the gossip mill was that sutton mercer was into the ultimate nerd tv show .
the only thing i ca n't see is the face behind the wheel , the face of the person who stole my car and tried to run us down .
maybe laurel had been practicing for the real thing .
it was the kind of thing that would ' ve freaked emma out just a day ago , but now that she knew the truth , it struck her as kind of funny : her grandfather , clutching a shovel and yelling at some guy he thought was trouble .
because the only thing more devastating than my adoptive father killing me and threatening emma was if our real mother had done it all .
a thick pink rug lay on the hardwood floor , perfect for bare toes first thing in the morning .
the weird thing is that louisa is actually doing okay .
then again , she thought , the same thing had happened to her - someone had hurt her sister beyond belief , and she had to live with it .
the last thing i see is his pale , shocked face , his hand still outstretched toward me .
i had already died at ethan 's hands , and now the same thing was going to happen to my twin while i watched , helpless .
had the entire thing been an act to keep her in tucson ?
we can not let the decline of our minds jeopardize the very project meant to stop such a thing .
he was n't too keen on the idea - a good burn from the stove was about the worst thing he 'd been through before .
with the usurping a dominant inheritor alliance that adopted everything that immortals as a whole stood against thing , father had had his hands full with clean - up duty .
or maybe pathetic , lovesick guys hanging outside the dorm halls of the girls they loved was a regular thing here at stanford .
what i had n't wanted was a frat boy war on my hands when i 'd entered the door , but now that they were in front of me , eager and willing , it felt like just the thing i needed to burn off a little steam .
i raised the bouquet , lifting my shoulders like it was the most obvious thing .
that 's a sucky , sucky thing to go through . ''
she said to herself , like it was the most unbelievable thing .
i did n't watch a sorry excuse for a dad beat our mom to stand by and do nothing when the same thing happened to my little sister . ''
and it was the first and last thing i 'd be thankful to him for .
sports , the weather , foods he could n't wait to eat when he got out - that kind of thing .
several things took place in the same instant bryn lunged inside of the shield .
so we decided to do this thing tomorrow night because he already told his friend he would be there , '' i rambled nervously .
i know you had a soft spot for sam , but what happened was n't necessarily a terrible thing .
` ` my uncle always makes a big thing of eggs and hash browns on saturday mornings .
he just took off and before i knew it we were on the wrong side of the road going like seventy - five and then ... . and the next thing i knew i was in the hospital .
same thing happened to me when i was a kid too . ''
it grossed my mom out , but my sister and i would just giggle like it was the funniest thing in the world .
next thing i know , she 's wrapping both arms around me , squeezing me like a tube of toothpaste and pressing her cheek against my chest .
i start to deny the drinking thing , but i ca n't really lie to bob , so i just say something about how i 'll swig some mouthwash and chew some more gum .
she started out as his secretary , and i guess the picture of herself in his big , two - story house got the best of her , so the next thing you know , geech is getting a divorce and mom 's riding around with him in his green cadillac .
that was before the augmentation thing , of course .
the whole episode 's uglier than the time my mom and geech overreacted about that dump truck thing when i snuck their car out without a license .
and that 's the last thing i remember before waking up under a dead tree with a blond - haired , blue - eyed girl looking down at me .
holly thought it was the most fandangulous thing that ever happened .
` ` but the thing is the farther you climb the more you start to wonder if this is such a good idea .
it 'd be the best thing that ever happened to them if i got blown up over there .
next thing you know we 'll be over in some cuban prison chained to the floor without a lawyer in sight . ''
someone asks if i plan on chugging a beer while standing on my head , but i play it off like i ' ve never heard of such a thing .
she turns it up and more than a sip goes down , and the next thing , she 's coughing and gagging all over the place with her eyes bugged out .
` ` anyway , what 's this big deal thing ? ''
the only thing is , i keep feeling like everyone 's staring at me instead of the other way around .
next thing i know i 'll be calling you deacon ricky .
only a couple of times is she with marcus , so we 're able to get some good conversation in , a few laughs , a little touchy - touchy on the arm , the back , that kind of thing .
then a weird thing happens .
you go around worrying about that stuff all the time and next thing you know you 're giving yourself an aneurysm .
next thing you know , they 'll be calling each other honey - bunny .
that was the most amazing thing ever . ''
i take her glasses off and set them on the dashboard and the next thing i know my hands are under her sweater , gliding up her back .
` ` the thing is , i was fourteen , and you know , i did n't know anything about being with boys , and randy 's son was over spending the night . ''
now , maybe she does n't mean anything negative with the ` ` subtle '' remark , but for some reason it makes me feel a kind of duty to aimee , and the next thing i know i ' m defending her alabaster - in - the - digital - clock - glow body .
but the dance floor 's still half - full , and that might be the worst thing of all .
there 's one big thing that cassidy and the others do n't know , something i ca n't tell them - the story about what happened with aimee and randy - the - walrus 's son .
she 's all sentimental over the whole thing , sitting there with her eyes welling up and one of the fake eyelashes dangling crooked .
` ` you go out drinking and having a good time and one thing leads to another .
i was hoping we could get through tonight without this kind of thing . ''
that thing with the dump truck was in my mom 's car and i did n't have a license then .
the last thing she remembered was a pang of guilt at the sight of her blood staining arobynn 's exquisite red carpet .
on the carriage ride home , arobynn had asked celaena to join them , but the last thing she wanted to see was lysandra being fawned over by arobynn , sam , and everyone else .
that was the first thing she noticed - that people came and went all day .
the king 's eyes narrowed slightly , and when he smiled at her , it was the most horrific thing she 'd ever seen .
` ` what a horrible thing , '' she whispered .
` ` because my gold 's on you winning this whole damn thing . ''
cain smiled throughout the entire thing , barely panting .
it was impossible for such a thing to have occurred ; and when would it have happened ?
maybe she 'd just imagined the whole thing .
` ` and the kind of thing you 're talking about , nehemia ... '' she got off the bed , trying to control her rapid heartbeat .
maybe he 'd just imagined the whole thing .
in these days of silence and sleep , she 'd realized one thing : the assassin had come from outside the palace .
then celaena and the king of adarlan smiled at each other , and it was the most terrifying thing dorian had ever seen .
and this was what we looked forward to , the thing that tariq looks forward to .
they have their signals - for water , for phone , for needing a squeeze , for calling the whole thing off .
the strangest thing happens then .
such a thing to miss .
i knew a good thing when i found it .
i 'll be at the gym first thing tomorrow .
noah i must have fallen asleep after our celebration , because the next thing i knew was that i was alone in grace 's bed .
next thing he knew , talon stood at the bedroom door , sleepy and stunned .
when he stopped answering , she turned to speaking to herself as though it were a natural thing .
seems like a horrible thing no matter how you look at it . ''
he tensed like he 'd just noticed the same thing and then his gaze flicked to the door .
perry brushed a kiss on her cheek while she was chewing , and she learned that it was the loveliest thing to be kissed for no reason , even while chewing food .
it 's just a horrible thing that happened .
it 's a horrible thing your father did to make you feel like that . ''
the same thing happened to my brother .
perry said this same thing happened to you when you first came out of reverie .
` ` oh , one other thing you should know , '' roar said .
` ` you staged this entire thing ? ''
we 're at risk of the very same thing happening here . ''
41 aria aria 's mind flitted from one thing to another .
reef met aria 's eyes , and she wondered if he 'd been hoping , irrationally , for the same thing as her .
what a strange thing to have someone help you dress .
a bare female shoulder and arm probably ai n't the best thing to be presenting to these boys and this young man right now , so i pull my arm back and clutch the blanket around my neck once more .
starting first thing in the morning .
is it not a glorious thing to be serving his majesty the king on this fine day ! ''
being that i was hired on as companion and midwife to missus captain , it was assumed that i could bind up the minor wounds that would naturally occur on a whaler - rope burns , cuts that sometimes needed to be sewn up , bashed shins , crushed toes , that sort of thing .
that your mistress pimm and my mother could have caused such a thing makes my very blood boil , and i can not bear to think of it .
it 's funny , but when i ' m in my bunk , i feel the motion of the ship , of course , but the closest and most personal thing i feel is my face being pressed into the pillow as the ship comes up from a roll , and then not being pressed as the ship falls back down , and then pressed again , so it 's like there 's a hand on the side of my head mashing me down and then not and then ... and then there 's this tremendous crrraaaacccckkkkkkkk !
and because i want the loss of my maidenhood to be , well ... a good and loving thing and not a thing of tears and shame .
and because i want the loss of my maidenhood to be , well ... a good and loving thing and not a thing of tears and shame .
` ` the captain 's shooting bottles off the fantail , is what , '' comes the casual reply from tam tucker , as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
georgie nods and turns to tucker , and they exchange a kind of handshake , which i know to be some sort of brotherhood thing , and then both go off , georgie to the midshipmen 's berth , tucker to his station as powder monkey for the division one guns .
and then the man drake said , ` ` it was a gradual thing , sir .
funny thing to remember now , but on the morning we left waterford , i was on the fantail and happened to look back at the dock we had just left .
it 's a scary thing the first time you do it , but she 's a game one and soon she 's next to me down below in the belly of the net .
but , of course , the guns of shotley gate are curiously quiet and do not say a thing against us .
the next thing i know mom 's standing in the doorway to my bedroom .
` ` the hair thing ? ''
if this kind of thing happens again , in public i mean , i find it works best to just act normally .
she smiles as if it 's the most natural thing in the world for her to be the center of attention .
the last student to name her three things is the black - haired girl who looked at me so attentively when i mentioned the weird thing with the birds .
and then a strange thing happened , and we were someplace else .
the girl angel is looking down , like she 's not even into the whole kissing thing .
at first i think he means the thing with my hair , but then i realize he means falling .
it was an amazing thing to watch .
i ' ve never heard of such a thing happening .
the first thing i see is jeffrey 's hand on the steering wheel of the prius .
` ` the blaze thing you told me about . ''
he stops me by doing this thing where he laughs by exhaling .
christian stands behind me and puts his arms loosely around me like it 's the most natural thing in the world .
that night he takes me to the party at ava peters 's house and stays by me through the entire thing , introducing me to people who do n't know me past my name .
` ` so , tell me about this thing that happened with your grandpa , where your family lost the ranch , '' i say quickly before he has a chance to get back to the subject of my family .
and the language thing , '' i explain .
it 's the next best thing to being with mom , hanging with billy .
it 's the other stuff that scares me : the dark , windowless room in my vision , what 's going to happen in that place , the bad thing that 's happened before i end up hiding there .
it 's supposed to be fun , i know , but i find this whole thing a bit creepy .
he laughs , a full - blown , delighted kind of laugh , like he finds the whole thing hilarious .
next thing he 'll be talking about the force , i know it .
plus he should know about the seven - triplare thing .
suddenly she laughs as if this whole thing is terribly funny , like phen has played some hilarious trick on her .
` ` my father owns a tattoo parlor on el camino , and i like to hang out there , and the guys who work there have a pizza thing , so i come by here fairly often . ''
i watched the whole thing like i was in a trance .
` ` i could n't have been a surer thing if you 'd had paid for me . ''
and one thing led to another until all i had in my life was my family , my brothers from the corp , and a few women who i called up at ten at night to ease my physical ache .
one thing just leads to another . ''
` ` the worst thing is that they both love me so i know they want the best but they 're engaged in this power struggle over what i should do next . ''
i knew i could stare at it for weeks and not see the same thing .
i felt hyper aware of every little thing she did .
the next thing i knew i woke up in a puddle of my own drool face down on the leather sofa .
` ` i know you do n't agree with me , but what 's the worst thing that can happen to me ?
the worst thing has already happened - i lost him .
next thing i knew , i was waking up in a pile of drool and adam was standing over me telling me that drake 's at your place .
i ' m not sure why i do it other than it seems like a thing noah enjoys .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to guess that am thought that guys standing up for girls was a thing rarer than an eclipse .
or maybe this whole thing was an elaborate prank .
that must have been what that weird blowing in my mouth thing had been .
after that weird thing with ryan , a lot of my anger had died down .
` ` harper , look , i just want to say ... earlier today , that whole thing with ... what i called you , and- '' ` ` no problem , '' i said waving my hand , my eyes still on my cell phone as it started blaring ` ` sexy back , '' ryan 's ringtone ( he had picked it himself ) .
then he looked out the windshield and saw the same thing i had : the large grove of trees at the end of the street that we were headed straight for .
` ` david and i had a thing the other day . ''
` ` the whole thing was odd , '' aunt may mused , leaning back in her chair .
blythe stayed unconscious through the whole thing , blood dripping steadily from her nose , leaving bright red splotches next to all those little pink and green daisies on her dress .
david rocked back on his heels , waiting for an answer , and i would ' ve felt sorry for blythe had it not been for the whole stabbing thing .
` ` i got a job here as a volunteer , and every friday , they do this big potluck thing .
the only thing i hated more than a scene was people getting involved in my personal stuff , and this was both .
one thing i knew for sure was that blythe was n't upstairs .
` ` she told me that healing is the one thing mages ca n't control .
she folds her arms and sits at the top of the stairs in defiance , witnessing the whole thing .
but there 's this thing called the diamond consortium .
he was never an overachiever , so doing twice the job with half the effort is a rare thing indeed !
full article is available at : 21 - lev it 's a very rare thing that a clapper does n't clap , because by the time one gets to the stage of being willing to make one 's own blood explosive enough to take out a whole building , that soul is far beyond the point of no return .
the chance folk had taught him that when you have nothing to lose , there 's no such thing as a bad roll of the dice .
` ` even if there is such a thing as ' living in a divided state , ' ` ` esme says , ` ` if we get unwound , the juvies win .
connor had done his share of this sort of thing before his unwind order was signed .
not a pleasant thing to wake up to . ''
it will be a devastating thing if he plucks the moon from the sky .
it was our favorite thing to do together .
audrey had spent the night there in the shop with risa , because ` ` a girl should n't be alone after a thing like that . ''
first thing in the morning - just five minutes after opening , two juvey - cops come into the salon , and risa 's heart nearly stops .
` ` the thing to remember , bam , is that our plan worked . ''
saw a thing about it on tv once .
` ` i see that it is a thing my zen masters would appreciate , '' i say , nodding thoughtfully .
and that 's when the strangest damn thing happened .
feeling that knot do a funny , twisting thing , i pivoted around before i grabbed her and kissed her .
and the strangest damn thing happened as i stared down at her .
seeing her in my apartment was the last thing i had expected .
i searched her face for the truth , for the severity of what happened to her , but the only thing i saw in her expression was fear and desperation .
her smile spread across her face and it was the most divine thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` it was a close thing , jacky , in that lifeboat when you cast us adrift . ''
i feel ruger 's eyes burning into my back as i scurry , and i know one thing ...
being an impressionable thirteen - year - old at the time , it seemed like just the thing and i was right .
there is a ritual to this thing .
there is much hooing and hollering from us wogs , and anyone who knows me knows i just love that sort of thing .
maybe to him it is the same sort of thing ... men and boys , women and girls , pour out from down below and array themselves about the deck .
` ` we are legally married , you know ... and there are some ... things ... that i have heard about ... '' he chuckles , then lifts my hand , to place it higher on his chest .
it could have been a natural thing ... possibly a shaving from a spar ...
none was given to us convicts to drink to the captain 's health , oh no , but we would n't want to do that , anyway , as his good health is the last thing we would wish for that evil bastard .
please , please , pleeeease say that gunner is going out all night or has some big thing he has to leave town for .
` ` ellie honey , i know you just had this whole bullshit thing with ryan the douche bag this morning and you believe that bullshit mom feed you years ago but , gunner is attracted to you princess .
funny thing was i was spending the night at a friend 's house which i never did .
` ` you must have had a good night last night to be so happy first thing this morning . ''
it was the hottest damn thing i 'd ever experienced in my life .
next thing i knew i was sitting in gunner 's truck .
next thing i knew , ` ` i ' m a slave for you '' by britney spear 's started playing .
next thing i knew , we were heading to the hospital and ari was just sitting in the back seat with me staring out the window .
next thing i knew i was throwing up and jeff was telling me he was going to get his truck .
same thing every night and each time he would leave me a message .
my eyes captivate his ... .. my lips bring him to his knees ... ... next thing i knew ari took the phone from my hand .
next thing i knew ellie had her arms around me and was moving against me like nothing i had ever experienced .
next thing i knew he was out .
the smile that spread across her face was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen in my life .
i wonder if this is a normal thing for him .
next thing i knew i about jumped out of my skin when i felt ellie 's hand touch my dick .
next thing i knew dewey and his group of friends got back in dewey 's truck and took off .
i felt her clinching tighter onto my fingers and it was the hottest f**king thing i had ever experienced .
i could n't hear what jeff said but the next thing i knew gunner punched him .
jeff got pissed and pushed her up against the jeep and well , one thing led to another .
` ` we need heather ... .. '' ari took out her cell phone and next thing i heard was code blue meet us at my place in thirty .
jefferson had given her a beautiful bracelet from james avery with a horse charm on it first thing this morning .
i think that was the hottest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen ellie ! ''
i smiled because i wanted the same thing .
the first thing i saw was all of the people sitting on the hay bales .
i leaned my head back , and the next thing i knew , i was dreaming about jeff holding a baby wrapped in a pink blanket .
she was setting the whole thing up , so she could have the baby early .
the next thing i knew , jeff was reaching for me and trying to pull me into his arms .
the next thing i knew , i was lying back down as gunner kissed me so passionately that i could hardly breathe .
the next thing i knew , ellie was pulling me out of the way as she got all up in rebecca 's face .
she 'd told me she was going to drop the restraining order against ari first thing this morning , but she did n't .
the only thing i could see was ari moving her f**king h*ps as she danced with a pitch - fork while singing loudly to christina aguilera 's ` ` woohoo . ''
` ` the only thing is ... you 're a mathews .
the next thing i knew , my bra was off , and he was kissing my neck .
i did n't even remember moving , but the next thing i knew , i was on top .
i watched the whole thing play out .
she just looked at him with that look of hers , and the next thing i saw was josh moving the game .
the next thing i knew , she was running off .
the next thing i knew , ari was on the floor next to me , holding me while i just cried .
the next thing i knew , the door to the truck was open , and jeff was carrying me out , heading up the stairs to the porch .
` ` well , i see there 's one thing you ca n't wait for . ''
the next thing i knew , the tray of food was gone , and jeff was on top of me , kissing me .
the next thing i knew , ari jumped out of the truck and looked at me with a smile that had my stomach knotting up .
the first thing i saw was jeff .
` ` yeah , if only lynda wanted the same thing i wanted , i 'd be set . ''
the only thing i could hear was her heart beating .
the next thing i knew , she was sleeping .
you promise to bring him home first thing tomorrow morning ?
the next thing i knew , i felt my legs going out from underneath me , and all i heard was ari calling out my name .
` ` what 's your favorite thing they do to you while they 're making love to you ? ''
that makes sense because the older they get , the more excited they get , and they want to open gifts first thing , '' mom said .
the next thing i knew she was on the ground with me , crying just as hard as i was .
damn , manda , that was the hottest damn thing i ' ve ever seen ... or done . ''
and that was the one thing she did n't think she could make it through .
an astonishing thing ... but i am old enough to know that it had happened before .
and emma had been incredibly cool about the whole thing , including the two hundred bucks she 'd stolen from her .
it was the one thing he and ryan had feared the most and it was about to happen .
then eden herself , who would n't know a good thing if it smacked her in the face , and then that little piece of crap , noah , who had turned her head .
once she 'd come down off the high and the whole noah thing , eden could n't believe how amazing it felt to have saved that girl 's life .
* * * word had reached her that noah was actually out of bed and the waiting around to see him was just making all the craziness she had gone through after the teagan thing even worse .
it 's supposed to be some girl - fest thing with her and aspen , but damn , that would be tight if we could go .
first thing tomorrow , i was making some phone calls .
it 's not like he was n't just as bad as me when it came to girls and this thing with crystal was n't even real .
and if you are , that does n't mean the same thing will happen with someone else . ''
i ' m an a**hole and i know it , but i swear the last thing i ever wanted to do was lose aspen . ''
the thing is , the real reason i never would climb through her damn window , no matter how many time she asked me , was because i was n't real fond of heights .
her voice is shaking and i wonder if this will be the one thing to finally make her stand up to him .
one thing and i ' m gone . ''
that 's one thing i ca n't stand the thought of .
the next thing i know , courtney is standing in front of me .
i smile even though it 's the most cheeseball thing in the world to be happy about , but then i realize she wo n't care .
it was an amazing thing to watch : the more stein spoke , the more the fire in him blazed .
` ` we 're just not ready for this kind of thing , '' she said .
and even though they 're not religious they say that i ca n't be jewish because they 're not jewish and they think stein is the only reason i want to be jewish , but i wanted to be jewish ever since i was seven and i was watching the saturday services on my screen and it just seemed so holy , and i thought if jesus was a jew why could n't i be a jew because i love the prayers and the hebrew and the way they ' ve triumphed over all this massive hate over all these centuries , and i do n't know if i can be like that , but if the oil in the lamp in the temple - you know , during hanukkah - if that lasted for eight days - just one drop - then clearly miracles happen and me being jewish is n't anything close to being a miracle , it 's just something i want to do , and i was perfectly happy keeping it a secret and learning the hebrew online and seeing the services and giving myself a hebrew name , but the thing is that i ' m going to be thirteen soon and i really want to become a bar mitzvah , even though there 's no synagogue anywhere near me .
` ` i know the one thing we did right was the day we started to fight keep your eyes on the prize hold on , my lord , hold on ! ''
next thing i know my dad 'll probably start watching football games with him .
` ` watching you play is my favorite thing to do , '' she 'd say .
gus huffs and looks at ashtyn as if this prank is the worst thing that could possibly happen .
` ` my parents made me go to some family brunch thing , '' he says .
` ` if you 're thinking i got organic turkey burgers or flax seeds , you ' ve got another thing coming . ''
i 'll have harold drive you back first thing tomorrow morning . ''
` ` yeah , and the only thing to make your skin more irritated is to rake it with your damn nails .
the awful thing was that sophie knew exactly what was going on although she could n't see it happening .
and now let her dream one last and very important thing .
' then she wakes up and the first thing she thinks is oh what a horrid dream .
one would have expected her to look surprised , as you or i would have done had we discovered a small girl sitting on our window - sill first thing in the morning .
one would have expected her to look surprised , as you or i would have done had we discovered a smal girl sitting on our window - sill first thing in the morning .
it made a rumbling noise , then it said , ` ` we can talk because , o mortal child - do not be afraid - beneath these animal disguises we wear ... well , not actual disguises , i mean we are actually a bear and a fox and a big bird , which is a rotten sort of thing to happen , but where was i ... ? ''
` ` that would be a fine thing , '' she said .
it all came back , and even as it came back i knew it would not be for long : all the things i remembered , sitting on the green bench beside the little pond that lettie hempstock had once convinced me was an ocean .
next thing you know , we 'll have the police dragging the reservoir , looking for him .
you were her way here , and it 's a dangerous thing to be a door . '
the worst thing that had happened was that my arms and legs had gone to sleep .
' same thing as happens every other time you ' ve come here , ' said the old woman .
all those who had depended upon charity for their daily bread were now at work in some way or other ; many of them offering to do odd jobs for their neighbors just for the sake of their meals , a thing which before had been seldom heard of in the town .
by this time , several townspeople had gathered in these places , witnessing the whole thing .
and at the same moment an astounding thing happened - the boy vanished too ! ''
matilda was so delighted that she sat quite still , a very rare thing with her .
` ` friendship is a rare thing these days , '' said amos .
that 's the most amazing thing i ever heard of . ''
` ` that 's the most amazing thing i ever heard of . ''
i wiped a bowl dry and thought about the creature tucked under my bed and the way matthew had looked at it , like it was the sort of thing he saw every day , like he knew how the pieces went together .
` ` that 's a good thing to remember . ''
youth is a wonderful thing to enjoy , is it not , emily ? ''
gilla was sure she remembered one thing ; hamadryads had inflatable hoods just below their heads .
` ` oh , what a terrible thing if an innocent man was to be executed , '' ferd moaned .
and the most terrible thing of all will be that she will have my face . ''
` ` tea leaves are n't reliable for that kind of thing .
she wondered how long it would be until the sun came up , wondered whether her dream had been a true thing while knowing in her heart that it had been .
in the days that followed , i tried to take comfort in the fact that the worst thing that could ever happen to me had already happened .
this morning must have been a one - time thing .
i must have chewed it during the vision thing .
they 'll spend this one celebrating whatever secret thing they celebrate two days after disappearing and a day after healing .
` ` what was the first thing you noticed when you were in that form ? ''
cole had already told me about the speaking thing , and though i 'd first doubted him , this acted as confirmation .
first thing i noticed was that justin was gone and so was the dark - haired girl who 'd doctored him .
you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to him ! ''
first thing i noticed : all the lights in the house were on .
and the horrible thing was , i knew i 'd continue to do so .
* * * i must have cried myself to sleep , because the next thing i knew , a knock was shaking my window .
deep down i knew fighting zombies was the only thing that would satisfy me now , the only thing that would make me feel as though i 'd lived to the fullest .
we 'd seen the same thing .
it was the last thing i saw before darkness swept over me .
` ` the on - and - off thing is kind of annoying , is n't it ? ''
as if he was considering every possible thing that could go wrong , and wanted to take measures to prevent it .
then she glared at me , spitting out , ` ` you 're the worst thing that 's ever happened to him .
that was the last thing i heard .
the same thing every weekend .
it was just a random thing .
the sad thing she was n't entirely wrong .
it became one more thing i blamed flynn for .
i had been so relieved that they had made it out and then the strangest thing had happened .
seems to me the only thing we did n't reckon is that the sheriff ca n't go after the people if he 's busy with his own bits . ''
he thinks killing all them we catch together in some big thing will get the hood to come out .
it were the only thing in life that were such .
the only thing i could hear were running water .
it were a strange thing to see , outlaws walking away without so much as a skirmish .
the closer we got to edwinstowe , the more the thing turned into a dance .
my body hurt everywhere , and i hated that gisbourne would see the proof of this shameful thing between me and rob .
we were low , back , and to the side , and from there the whole thing looked vicious and fierce , less like a game and more like gods stomping about for notice .
he nodded like it were some solemn thing i promised , and then he left .
isabel were staring at me like she had seen the whole thing , like i were betraying gisbourne , like all the power of her beauty were meant for hating me .
she had been kind , but i did n't know enough to reckon if it were a special thing .
my voice bare croaked out ; it were a strange thing .
` ` hurt is a common thing .
my carriage will be ready first thing to take me to london with the royal progress . ''
telling me that i ' m the best damn archer you ' ve ever seen and that there 's only one thing the prince did n't count on - that i ' m a better archer than he knows . ''
the awful thing were faith .
it was both the most painful thing and the most wonderful .
kady had faked the entire thing so they could talk .
when the pain persisted , i 'd started therapy at the y , which just became another thing to skip .
she struck me as the kind of girl who did n't like to miss out on a thing .
latht thing i need ith you trying to thcare me .
` ` funny thing , i ' m almost grateful it happened .
sebastian brooks was the sanest thing in my life , probably .
the only good thing from that day was those two not showing .
maureen stone : when charlie got that sports camp scholarship , it was a wonderful thing .
next thing , addison whips out a ballpoint , and in this very focused , almost trance - like way , she sketches ida on a placemat .
but addy 's face was glowing , lit up , and you could tell she did n't want to miss a thing .
next thing i ' m out by the pool , i feel the shadow .
addison was really upset about the whole thing .
funny thing , my whole life all i ever did was worry about money , or listen to my folks fight about money , or feel humiliated at all the shabby parts of my life .
whenever i did n't hear from addy , my mind jumped back to the last time she fell way out of touch , and next thing i heard she was in the loony bin .
i was like , ` ` sweetie , let 's go shopping first thing tomorrow .
the only vaguely thing interesting about sophie was that she 'd been on and off with lincoln .
she wanted to video - record the whole thing , too .
the funny thing is that i knew i would n't press charges .
the last thing i did was hug her .
addison was the shit , the biggest thing that had ever happened , and all my friends - and even people i did n't know - were all like , ` ` introduce me , introduce me ! ''
addison was right beside me , so the painting was also the first thing that she saw .
a bungee jump , or that kind of a thing .
` ` a most confounded thing , '' declares uncle henry , ` ` but i experienced a tickling in my fingers . ''
` ` jennie , it has come to my attention that you must move into the yellow room , '' aunt announces first thing .
` ` that 's a terrible thing to accuse !
` ` i told my fright to mister geist , and next thing i did was leave this place at once .
it was the luckiest thing in the world for both of us that you 'd thought will wrote that stupid confession .
in fact , every single thing i 'd experienced in connection with my accident seemed to have another person 's case study already stapled to it .
` ` funny thing is , i came out here for no real reason , '' i told him .
but i 'd been there last year for some dance thing or party that i did n't remember .
what if the whole tragic thing was just completely because of me being stupid or reckless ? ''
plus a dinner - and - a - movie thing .
` ` only thing is , i ' m not sure i ' m exactly ready to deal with my sunday - night reality yet .
with every new thing that you remember , do n't let that be something you forget . ''
i just kind of stood there and watched the whole thing .
the thing to remember , emb , is it was never about the food .
one thing i knew about our connection for sure : i 'd been keeping anthony a secret .
` ` what a thing to live through . ''
` ` so what special thing are you two doing this saturday ? ''
` ` good to see you again , ember , '' said raina , and then she and drew resumed talking about whatever lovey - dovey thing they 'd been discussing so privately that their foreheads nearly touched .
` ` only thing is it 's supposed to snow maybe . ''
` ` the only thing is that i do n't have much time these days , '' i quickly added .
it became a thing they did to each other till they got self - conscious and juniorhigh untouchable .
so i procrastinated , boinging around , trotting out the cups and napkins and attempting to seem unbothered when alex took mom 's place as if it was the most obvious thing .
she could go to this xander thing .
that gavin story was probably the coolest thing that gabby never did .
it was as if the whole thing was happening in slow motion .
` ` it 's just a thing that happened , '' she says quietly .
honestly , i was pretty much ready for every single thing that might happen or might not .
` ` the tattoo thing ? ''
` ` all sorts of thing , '' jonas said slowly .
` ` like if we start on the lower right , then fly along the upper left side , then in the center , that sort of thing ? ''
` ` it was the most hilarious thing that has ever happened , '' pigeon agreed .
` ` kind of like how we were seeing things when eric got all hairy and kyle was puking root beer ?
` ` one more strange thing .
` ` funny thing , '' john said .
` ` mention that you heard it from a reliable source , that sort of thing .
the last thing i expected was to see my little star above me .
` ` father stealing my power is one thing , '' mira said .
best thing that ever happened to me .
i have experience with this sort of thing .
had they failed in their mission , it would be one thing .
` ` one thing happening after another ?
i ' ve kept hoping for the same thing .
` ` a dangerous thing to offer without hearing the price . ''
maeve smiled , and it was not a thing of beauty .
which was a horrible thing to think about as she stood beside his chair , because she was a professional healer , and imagining her patients naked was not a- ` ` are n't you going to ask what happened ? ''
he had n't known what that thing was the day before in the barrows .
rowan threatened to drag her back to the barrows , as that seemed to be the only thing that had triggered any sort of response , but he 'd backed off - to her surprise - when she told him that she 'd slit her own throat before entering that place again .
and that was about the only pleasant thing that happened that night .
he tried , but his smile was a dead and frozen thing .
that sort of thing was common .
there 's a soundproof room at headquarters set aside for this kind of thing . ''
he 'd wished for the same thing .
` ` oh my god , that 's the coolest thing ever .
first thing , i did as i 'd claimed , then i sent quick e - mails to vi and ryu .
if he permits you to access more than the public areas , you 'll see some ... strange things . ''
the headmaster called her mother out of some charity thing to come and get her .
` ` anyway , i was asking because for the last three nights , i ' ve dreamed the same thing . ''
one thing i was sure of , however ; like wedderburn himself , she had inhuman eyes - no iris , no pupil , just endless gray rings , as if the smoke she breathed had turned into a creature as ephemeral .
the one notable thing that happened - i had a meeting with my guidance counselor to talk about college ; she also gave me some material about the sat .
that 's the second thing i feel guilty about in relation to you . ''
i need to put a stop to this thing i ' ve got going with him .
we ' ve always probably crossed paths a lot , but the thing is i ' ve never really paid attention to her before .
that way there 's no room for sudden questions and statements that will set me off , however i find myself missing the bantering thing we had going and the way she pushed my buttons .
i feel the smallest acceleration in my pulse and my stomach starts doing the weird warm , coiling thing again .
` ` i swear i did , but then the next thing i know i ' m waking up in the truck by myself , the sun is up , and you 're gone . ''
the first thing i noticed was that the door was wide open , not cracked like they usually left it , and then i noticed the blood droplets on the carpet .
he chomps on it as i watch the newscasters talk about every bad thing within a hundred - mile radius .
our entire conversation is so boring and normal , but the thing is i actually like it and i start to wonder if i could actually live a boring , normal , non - adrenaline - junkie life .
alex would ' ve kept going , except that by dark ellie was stumble - down exhausted , and the last thing they needed was for the girl to turn an ankle or break a leg .
` ` when that thing hit , harlan 's wife dropped dead .
taking 'em both 's the best thing . ''
they were spared , like people who 'd escaped some sort of wrath - of - god thing .
not even yeager had put that together ; the rev seemed to accept her ability as an act of god kind of thing .
damnedest thing , her and numbers , like him going all hawkeye .
and then weller did a curious thing .
the only thing he recalled with any clarity was that one last , precious moment when alex 's horse had reared and she 'd looked back , and their eyes locked .
but then there 's the thing about alex pitching the shotgun .
you got this clockwork - like thing going , if i ' m remembering it right .
i cut off his eyelids so i could watch the whole thing .
so , in the end , the only thing her switcheroos might prove was that the monster was sending up a little red flare to signal the end of this particular game : two - minute warning , sweetheart .
she 'd watched the same thing happen on crusher karl 's farm .
the next thing she knew , someone was shaking her , hard .
getting to rule had been the only good thing to happen to him in years .
turned my stomach , and i saw a thing or two in ' nam .
it was the last thing on earth she wished , because now she was truly alone , with only the monster for company : lurking in her head , waiting for her to make a mistake .
it 's all just voodoo ; there 's no such thing as magic , there 's no such thing .
tom thought about that silver glint in the trees and wondered just how many other chuckies were out there , knives at the ready , and what they were waiting for , unless this was simply the way they did things .
the next thing he knew , he was on his belly , writhing , coughing against the snow , trying to worm away .
` ` the thing is , mellie 's encouraging jasper to just go on ahead .
a total god thing , and everyone calmed down .
greg was suddenly just so sick of the whole thing .
unless she 'd imagined the whole thing .
no matter what tori said - and , yes , kissing her was the best thing that had happened to him in months - he knew it was all bullshit , too .
and in all of that , there was one thing more : the moment doddering old henry stumped up the altar to stare down at the changed boy , who was , miraculously , still alive .
` ` you know , i remember that at the time , there was one thing i thought was ... weird .
the first thing he saw in the belfry was that the stool , on which he 'd perched for hours , lay on its side .
the next , he was very cold and crumpled on his side , a lucky thing because there was old copper in his mouth , more blood drying under his nose and along his neck .
yet of all the things he remembered about rule , a place where he thought he might finally find a home , the mornings after a fight were the most vivid : kneeling next to peter in church , as everyone - including alex , especially alex - looked on , and feeling his grandfather 's hands on his head in blessing .
the next thing he knew , he was facedown , hands clawing for purchase , blindly worming his way over a still - hissing debris field of splintered wood , twisted metal , molten glass .
her eyes were blurry again , and she figured , crap , she was going to cry through this whole thing .
if anita was n't so dead serious loopy , the whole thing might ' ve been funny .
it was the sort of thing you read in bad teen novels ; he did n't believe in this crap .
i heard the same thing at the library door . ''
` ` the same thing you 're worried about with the barn could happen here .
i 'd thought back to every incriminating thing , my heart sinking as i realized there were plenty : headaches , dizziness , days when she 'd dropped dishes and blamed tiredness , days when she 'd had trouble driving because her eyes were bothering her .
` ` you mean the thing at the cave ? ''
first thing this morning , '' bob said .
how could it not , after nat had predicted this very thing ?
did n't hear or see a thing . ''
the thing was , she was n't his girlfriend when it started , sometime between kelly lipman 's party and when trip asked her out last year .
we passed back and forth a few more times before he said , ` ` you get that this is another thing from that night coming true , right ? ''
` ` that 's the thing i remember most about the night she left , '' sarah said .
i did n't want the details about whether moose and richie had plotted the whole thing , watching outside the trailer as galen had gone in and come out , or whether moose had stolen mr . cleary 's gun , maybe as a prank like the vase , or had just told richie where to find it .
there was only one thing petra could be talking about .
it was the hardest thing i ' ve ever had to deal with . ''
` ` there 's this thing ... '' i paused , backtracking , not completely ready to be so direct with this girl i did n't know at all .
` ` well , a strange thing happened to me a few weeks ago .
that 's the one thing i did remember clearly : waiting for zander 's car to pull away and then stumbling back outside , walking block after block until i found a pay phone - they do still exist , i was n't sure - not wanting to use anything that might be traceable .
` ` i saw the same thing this week at the hospital .
` ` here 's the thing ... , '' i said , trying to figure out a way to frame it .
reminders of her tugged at me endlessly , places we 'd gone or talked about , things we 'd done together .
you know , concerts , shows , street fairs , that sort of thing .
it did n't seem like the kind of thing i could get treated for , take some antibiotics or start a vegan diet and magically be cured .
` ` you ' ve seen that ... that kind of thing before ? ''
i know how hard this kind of thing is . ''
the only thing worse is losing a child . ''
the other thing that was unusual is that your mother said there 'd been others , other times she 'd had this ... knowledge .
maybe the change had been so gradual , the letdown so gentle , that he 'd landed in a soft place , and his memory of one , two , five , and one was as good as the real thing .
` ` the crazy thing is , this time last year , i wanted so badly to get in trouble .
i prompted him , ` ` have you ever heard of such a thing ? ''
the next thing i knew , college girls were rushing to my feet with their eyes up and their hands out , reaching past me .
now that he 'd helped me past some kind of barrier in my life , and i was free on the other side , this was the worst thing that could happen .
i was glad someone had noticed i 'd outdone myself tonight , if you liked this sort of thing .
at least one good thing had come out of the past wonderful , horrible week .
` ` the sort of thing you 'd always remember .
standing on the balcony , a silhouette myself against the purple sky , my depression was just another glamorous thing .
it felt like this was the only thing i had wanted for so many months .
it was as if every time my feelings were prodded into action , the first thing was always pins and needles .
` ` next saturday , we 're having a thing at the house , '' he said .
i tried to imagine going to a thing with cole .
it was such an instantaneous thing , something i 'd wanted so much , that it was impossible for me to decide if he had begun it or if i had .
` ` there is this thing called jamming and it means you play a piece of music with other people even if you have never heard it before , and if you tell me you have no idea how that 's done , put down that carrot because i ' m firing you . ''
it was the saddest thing i 'd ever imagined .
i wrote the amazing thing on our ticket .
and here was the strange thing .
` ` it was an amazing thing , '' i said .
` ` the thing is , me and my friend just had a giant fight and she made me get out of her car .
but when i opened my eyes , feeling like my insides had been pounded flat , the first thing i did was feel for the journal on the nightstand beside me .
with my eyes closed , it seemed like his heartbeat through his wool sweater was the only thing in the world - and then he said , ` ` put everything in boxes but you , sam .
` ` the terrible thing , sam , is that some other mother 's daughter is dead out there and i can only be glad . ''
i had done my best to stick to my father during the seating process , because there were about fifteen people , and the whole point of coming to this thing was to be close enough to hear what he said .
my head was full of jack sitting at the table , being a jerk , the sound of my father 's voice talking about the sharpshooters in helicopters , the idea that grace had nearly died without me even knowing it , stupid boys throwing stuff into my shirt , which was probably cut too low for a family dinner anyway , cole looking down at me on the bed , and the thing that had set me off , sam 's honest , broken text about grace .
it was first thing in the morning because we had a flight to catch later .
then another thing occurred to me .
beat : my hand pressed on cole 's stomach beat : our h*ps crushed together beat : cole 's laugh beat : we were one person even knowing that cole was good at this because it was what he did did n't make it any less of an amazing thing .
the only thing i could hope for was that the helicopter was slow to get started .
the suv was probably never really meant to be off road , and it was bouncing and making sounds like it was falling apart and souls of hell were trying to escape from its undercarriage , and i thought i was going to probably break an axle if such a thing was possible .
this impossible thing had only been made possible because of him .
back in the glory days of our house , before we lived here , i guess the owners had a walkway down to the lake and a little garden thing here .
this was the sort of thing sam lived for .
` ` what a nice thing to be , '' grace said .
sam went on , like the whole thing was just a walk in the park , perfectly normal , ` ` are you hungry ? ''
i stared at victor , remembering sitting in the hotel room after i 'd met beck , remembered saying , you ready for the next big thing , vic ?
` ` if you were in here , you might want that , too , '' cole said , and now he did smile , a cruel , lopsided thing that crawled farther up one side of his face than the other .
` ` i 'd rather wait for the real thing , '' isabel said .
it made me think of cole 's hand on my collarbone and how his breath had been so hot in my mouth , and suddenly i was sure that i was going to call him or find him tomorrow if such a thing was possible .
when i stepped into the living room , the first thing i saw was cole with a broom and dustpan - a sight more ludicrous than him turning into a wolf - and then i saw shattered glass and tipped - over furniture behind him .
it was the saddest thing i had ever seen .
i always wondered when she would notice that she lived in mercy falls , minnesota , where people just did n't do that kind of thing .
sam reached out and grabbed my hand , the most natural thing in the world , and pulled me into the bright light of the hall .
so on the way home i fell asleep in the backseat ... and the next thing i remember was waking up in the hospital .
it was a really stupid thing to fight over . ''
i kept thinking about what she had said : stupid thing to argue about .
` ` total lack of preparedness for such a thing , probably .
that was a really sad thing to think about .
the second thing i thought was that sam 's bare arm was lying across my chest .
but the thing is , it was all these little bites , all over , on his neck and on his wrists and his belly , it was as if- '' ` ` -as if someone knew how to kill him , '' sam finished .
the last thing i saw was his eyes half - closed against the breeze , black hair tousled , reminding me for some reason of the first night i 'd ever seen him .
the doorknob had been reversed so that the lock was on the outside , making me wonder how often this sort of thing had happened before .
for the first seven years of my life , dad had dark curly hair that was like me - in that he told it first thing in the morning what he wanted it to do and then it went and did pretty much whatever it wanted to do .
the only positive thing is that i ' ve lost joseph beringer in the process .
as a child , the chief thing i noticed about dory was that she was always wearing a different pair of shoes , a strange and extravagant thing on the island .
now mostly what i notice about her is that she and her sisters have no last name , a strange and extravagant thing just about anywhere .
i ca n't quite figure how i make it off the bicycle , but the next thing i know , gratton is lifting it over the side of the truck bed for me and saying , ` ` i ' m headed down there myself . ''
the first thing i notice when i draw closer is the filly they 're looking at : malvern mettle , a filly with promising speed and heart .
the next thing i notice is that one of the buyers is george holly .
the only thing that 's said is when gabe turns his face to tommy and asks , ` ` your place ? ''
` ` it 's such a fine thing to see you uncomfortable , mr . kendrick , '' holly says .
` ` puck , do you know what would be a wonderful thing , is if you took mr . holly and found him some breakfast . ''
the only thing is , the more i see him and corr together , the more i think of how unbearable it would be for sean to lose him .
in the middle of all this , as sean slips out of his jacket , he looks over his shoulder at me and he smiles at me , just a glancing , faint thing before he turns back to tommy .
` ` i do n't think such a thing is had on thisby .
his righteous anger is a welcome thing to see , even if i do n't think it will help .
` ` that , gansey , is the thing .
` ` the thing is that you ca n't call out . ''
can such a thing be had in this place ?
it suddenly seemed like a lonesome thing to be buried a sea away from your home , like being shot off into space .
we 'd just be toddling through some riding path in leicestershire and next thing i knew he 'd be on the ground clawing his face like a mental patient .
` ` it was n't the sort of thing - the sort of things i normally dream about , and everything got agitated .
what an impossible and miraculous and hideous thing this was .
she was so delighted that she turned off the vacuum cleaner so that her insane smile could be the loudest thing in the hall .
neither thing happened .
he longed to see it ; seeing it would be the worst thing .
' oh , we 'll be fine , noah , you 're such a worrywart ' and next thing you know you 're in some kind of death thrall .
lessons with persephone were an unpredictable thing .
another thing as his shoulders sagged and his face fell into calla 's waiting hands just before he slumped into the scrying bowl .
and he used to think he needed to use it to ask to be free of cabeswater , but now it seemed like a strange thing to ask for .
he always returned with gifts , treasure and unimaginable amounts of money , but to ronan , the most wondrous thing was niall himself .
the entire thing was adam 's fault - he 'd been the one to wake the ley line , though gansey preferred to pretend it had been a group decision .
he was doing that thing where he looked like both the dangerous ronan he was now and the cheerier ronan he had been when gansey had first met him .
ronan lynch ronan lynch ronan lynch there was no one there but ronan , the trees , and the things the trees dreamt of .
gansey and adam were supposed to be coming over , and the last thing she wanted was to be responsible for getting them mildly high .
the only thing he 'd gotten wrong was that he 'd made the tint a bit darker .
the first thing gansey saw was the disaster : chainsaw 's cage flattened , the perch splintered .
chainsaw saw the strange thing first .
this was the sort of thing that gansey could n't resist , and so adam and ronan moved farther down the hall toward the dining room while gansey lingered over the flowers .
she was n't sure if his amnesia over the whole thing made it more or less creepy .
a curious thing happened when the bottle left ronan 's hand .
` ` what a funny thing , '' said gloria elgin .
the thing was , gansey had known what happened on friday nights when ronan 's bmw had come back smelling of burning brakes and a clutch under duress .
that little knife was the most shocking thing about the conversation so far .
59 the first thing ronan noticed at church on the fourth was that the priest had a black eye .
the second thing he noticed was that matthew was n't there .
` ` here 's the thing , lynch , '' kavinsky said .
he had thought that it meant leaving behind henrietta , but now he knew that although that was terrible , it was n't really the worst thing that could happen to him .
blue had always imagined the procession of spirits to be an orderly thing , but this spirit wandered , hesitant .
the strange thing was gansey 's voice : gansey was quite certain he was not a spirit .
it made this thing they did seem bigger than it usually felt .
` ` this is a thing . ''
it probably had something to do with things like spring break and places like costa rica and the spanish coast .
but it was n't an easy thing to leave the parrish household in the middle of the night .
at night , henrietta felt like magic , and at night , magic felt like it might be a terrible thing .
it was such an alarming thing to hear maura shout that nearly everyone did , sinking or throwing themselves into the mismatched furniture in the reading room .
it was the sort of thing blue was used to transpiring between her mother and persephone or calla , and she had n't thought anyone else really capable of it .
he said , ` ` this thing with chainsaw and the psychic woman , and just , with noah , and i just think there 's something strange going on . ''
and there 's someone else who is looking for this thing that you 're looking for . ''
she asked it very naturally , like it was the most logical thing in the world for them to have a conversation on the phone , like they were already friends .
relieved , blue replied , ` ` well , you told me about how you felt about ronan and adam and the nonplussing thing .
the first thing i felt was a little prickle on my sock .
it would n't have hurt if it was ronan ; this was the sort of thing he 'd expect from ronan .
being a sacrifice is quite a fine thing , with a lovely tradition behind it .
an earthquake was such a shocking thing , such a wrong thing , that it did n't seem impossible to believe that the world had been inherently broken and that it would never be right again .
an earthquake was such a shocking thing , such a wrong thing , that it did n't seem impossible to believe that the world had been inherently broken and that it would never be right again .
whelk had not missed , but adam had also not been shot , and the two were somehow the same thing .
a very strange thing happened then .
rollan had n't been expecting much of anything , as he had been sitting in a prison at the time , and in prison , disappointment was generally the most practical thing to expect .
12 : voices the first thing abeke noticed when she woke up was that it was not quite morning .
the second thing she noticed was that the door was cracked open , and what looked like uraza 's tail was disappearing through it .
i was the best thing that ever happened to every single one of them .
` ` i ' m the awful thing that happens . ''
it was a very human thing , to be taken by a faerie against your will .
i 'd told sullivan we did n't need him yet , which was good , because the only thing we were doing well was making total idiots of ourselves .
well , there are stories of some of the diminutive sorts eating beans and things like that , though i ' ve never seen it .
the worst part was that the last thing i saw nuala do was take her hands down from her face .
` ` that , '' he said , ` ` would be a terrible thing to wish on a man .
for some reason it was the most supernatural thing i 'd seen all week , and it was just a pack of hounds .
` ` well , sing something for me , nice thing . ''
if that was only a bit of bother , i 'd hate to see the whole thing .
it was maybe the one thing i could n't forgive .
` ` i ' m afraid i ' m utterly conscious for the whole thing .
i was watching the entire thing on dee tv from a million miles away .
i could let myself remember every cruel thing she 'd done to luke , and i could use the darkness to absolutely destroy her .
i tried to hear but the only thing i caught was my name .
` ` were you really joking about the pteron magnet thing ? ''
i did n't know much about this sort of thing , but i doubted most fifteen - year - olds could have fixed it up so well .
the next thing i knew , i was curled up in levi 's arms in the little bed in the cave .
this dance thing must have been really official for him to be giving up so easily .
` ` some sort of chemistry thing .
it 's not like levi had to worry about something happening between us , that would be the last thing that would ever occur , but i knew he would n't like the idea of me learning to fight .
` ` is it bad that we 're snacking before this thing ? ''
` ` good thing levi left , or you 'd be giving him even more of an ego . ''
the one thing we never talked about was the were party .
` ` i do n't know why you men enjoy this kind of thing , '' i mentioned to cadmus .
i could tell from his face that he had witnessed the same thing that i had .
` ` a stupid thing , really ... '' he watched her calmly as she attempted to come up with a plausible explanation .
as i picked up speed , i realized one other thing .
the next thing i knew , raquel was shouting .
` ` she gave me the helm so that i could escape to prevent that very thing . ''
i have never seen such a thing . ''
in her head , lorena could n't reconcile the thing she saw through the door 's window with any semblance of reality she knew or felt .
there was no way she would let her mom see such a thing and misinterpret it , think that she 'd finally bonded with her only child .
your selfish , cowardly act will end up being the very thing that will allow me to win . ''
jane was planning the single worst thing to ever happen to humans in the history of the universe .
there were a million possibilities for such a thing , and he held onto that .
tick had hoped the same thing might have happened to them as what had happened to him .
last thing i remember , a bolt of energy came straight down on me head .
next thing i know , i ' m ' ere .
the first thing tick noticed was that the air was much cooler , laced with a wetness almost as thick as mist .
tick looked around but could n't see a thing .
the first thing he noticed was that he 'd stopped moving .
do n't worry - worst thing that can happen is we all die . ''
but now a sense of panic set in as his mind tried to comprehend the impossible thing that had just happened to him .
a knife deep to the stomach - such a simple and beautiful thing .
it was a perfectly normal thing to do to a dog , but seemed a strange thing to do to a talking one .
it 's a very scary thing , manifesting without understanding what 's happening to you , though it 's a fright nearly all peculiar children experience because so few of us are born to peculiar parents . ''
` ` that loop is full of shadows that bite - which could only mean one thing .
then from the tunnel behind us came an echoing crash that could only have meant one thing : the hollows had smashed through the well door .
` ` what a thing to say in front of ... '' sam stalked toward enoch with a humorless look on her face .
the last thing i saw , in the hellish red flashing , was miss wren being shoved into the train car and the doors snapping closed , and all my friends inside with her , cowering at gunpoint , framed by the shattered windows of the train , surrounded by men with white eyes .
then a strange thing happened : the hurt stopped hurting .
then , a few years later , when i was fifteen , an extraordinary and terrible thing happened , and there was only before and after .
and then i must ' ve blacked out because he was saying jacob , jake , hey ed areyouokayorwhat , and that 's the last thing i remember .
` ` gotcha , '' he said , as if monsters were a perfectly normal thing for a police sketch artist to be drawing .
it was the queerest thing . ''
i imagined how such a thing might look from an airplane 's height - the whole island suddenly winking out , as if it had never been there at all .
what if the only thing i had discovered on this trip was that my grandfather was an adulterous liar ?
the next thing i knew , emma 's hand was on my arm .
the first thing i thought was damn it , i ' m caught , assuming it was one of the sheep farmers out on watch , playing detective .
but then a baffling and magnificent thing happened - one by one , the stars came out , here and there a green flash in the dark .
but when i was a kid i thought it was the funniest thing because , in the picture , he 's wearing a suit .
` ` we ai n't any such thing , '' bronwyn muttered .
time seemed to stretch out , like they say it does in car crashes and train accidents and free - falls from airplanes , and the next thing i felt was a bone - jarring collision as i slammed into the hollow .
the first thing i thought was , oh god , what if that was the birdcage - and i dashed down the stairs past emma and ran out on the floor to check .
magpie glanced back over her shoulder and the first thing she saw was the look of confusion on the lady 's face .
but then , nor had he dreamt he would elope with the daughter of the west wind but that had come to pass , and many a stranger thing too .
and one thing she heard ?
never seen such a thing , like it was the dark come to life . ''
once he 'd gathered speed , a strange thing happened .
magpie looked , but all she could see was a sparkle of some far thing passing before the moon , and she swayed a little on her feet , staring into the fathomless depths of the sky .
` ` i know ' t is a sore and hollow thing for a warrior to sit idle , but there 's magic in this lass that makes me hope .
that single second when this thing had happened - it was barely as long as the blink of an eye , and he just could n't believe that so small a moment could wreak so terrible a change .
he strikes up a conversation , and next thing i know here i am making double what i pulled in at the shop .
i know this sort of thing must be normal for a knight , but what happened back there freaked me out a little .
most stuff i probably never will , but this one thing i ' m pretty sure of , bennacio . ''
i wiped the tears from my cheeks and walked hurriedly past her , muttering as i passed , ` ` there 's no such thing as accidents . ''
the next thing i knew , i was running across the circle of stones , straight for mogart , with mike yelling after me , ` ` kropp !
` ` good thing i can ! ''
` ` the worst thing , '' she whispered .
well , one thing happened : the rip cord broke off in my hand .
37 the first thing i noticed was the smell of cat .
the second thing i noticed was the yard gnome .
maybe even under these very weird circumstances i would have knocked , but the old me had been scooped out hollow by a demon and the new me was n't about to let the same thing happen to op nine .
i could n't go back , but this was the worst thing yet , so i could n't go forward either .
what 's the worst thing , nine ? ''
` ` here 's the thing , alfred .
` ` ever since this thing started , '' i said , feeling like i was going to cry .
` ` the same thing happened to me . ''
the truly scary thing is there 's a lot of dr . minguses running around in the world , but i had the dr . mingus - iest of them all .
that bought two seconds , because it was the last thing nueve expected .
` ` i keep trying to decide if meeting you was the best thing that happened to me or the worst , '' she said .
` ` mr . needlemier , here 's the thing : i ' ve extracted myself from the extraction and- '' ` ` in the end i buried you in ohio , next to your mother .
` ` it was a zagging thing ; i thought i explained that . ''
i ' ve got to save him before some very bad people do a very bad thing to him or his family .
i asked in knoxville about sofia and you said there was no such thing . ''
nobody else noticed a thing .
of all the amazing things she had seen - mirabella , the nocturni , the nids , and the tree snakes - this struck her as the most incredible .
at that moment a few things happened in very rapid succession : one of the flowers began lashing its long stem crazily back and forth , whipping liza in the face and sending her tumbling onto her back .
and the last thing conor remembered was the monster 's mouth roaring open to eat him alive .
maybe grandma staying in his room was n't the worst thing that could happen .
there he 'd been again , with the horror and the falling , with the terrible , terrible thing that happened at the end .
which was the worst thing that could have happened .
and then she did a surprising thing .
she let go of him and actually sprinted back to her car , which was such a troubling thing to see , conor ran after her almost automatically , jumping in the passenger side and not even getting the door closed before she drove off with a screech of tyres .
the same thing could have happened to you .
i elbowed emily in the arm , uh emily , is a dwarf using a slide a normal thing ?
they say i signed up for some camp and- i know the same thing happened to me , i interrupted her quickly .
pushing back her nervousness about the whole bible conference thing , wara turned towards the back seat .
alejo let them go on about it for a while , because he really was dreading the thing he was about to bring up .
the poor guy was murdered in a horrible break - in , along with his sister and some young nieces ; the whole thing had been really hard for alejo and his team .
because they were behind the whole thing , that 's why .
and that she had seen the whole thing ?
gabriel was the mastermind behind the whole thing , providing all the technical support .
ricky was afraid the same thing would happen to him so he was extra careful as he dismounted .
the treasures there were fascinating , but it got so hot in that space that he had to remember to explore first thing in the morning before the sun did its work .
how could such a thing happen so quickly ?
and sure enough , the next thing i knew they were crying like babies .
there s a big animal - monster - bigfoot thing in the woods , sydney informed her , and he s got diarrhea .
that type of thing usually did nt happen to him .
well start first thing tomorrow morning .
i turn it on first thing in the morning , and then its up and running just before lunch time .
nancy was quite impressed already , but she tried to appear nonchalant about the whole thing .
to my office , ackers explained as if it was the most obvious thing in the world .
i see this kind of thing all the time , ackers said .
that 's the funniest thing i have ever seen . ''
a normal minute is a fleeting thing , but now every second was like molasses .
the worst thing is when he dropped his suitcase , other people would fish it out for him .
such a sad thing to happen to such a fine fool but it did .
he dragged his roommates and college buddies down with him too that s the really scary thing .
the sad thing is he does it again , what a moron , but this time the mule breaks his arm , so he is nt likely to get away this time .
one other funny thing he did was sneak out of his girlfriends house when he was homeless .
in what turned out to be the most bizarre thing to happen , the guy just laughs because i shouted beep !
i was watching the whole thing and could nt help but laugh and also feel sorry for him .
of course , his friend happened by and saw the whole thing .
that thing before with the gun ; do nt worry about that .
published papers , gave lectures , that sort of thing , but his true obsession was creating angels .
i can feel the air thinning , and i wonder if i would have noticed before , or if this is another new thing i can do better .
cause you are brother and sister , and that kind of thing just is nt i sock him in the arm , and gabe cries out , clutching his injured limb and rolling on his back .
then it dawns on me the only thing that seems to be dawning in this dismal state that if i were an angel , or at least an angel looking for a human snack , the trees are exactly where i would hide .
i love his entrenched dark eyes , his tall , skinny body , all those tuffs of brown hair standing up on his head and even the weird goatee thing on his chin .
his knee pops , and its such a normal little thing that i almost laugh .
he takes a while before answering , another thing the real gabe would nt do .
that thing is happening when i lose all my thoughts .
one last word from an old sailor who s seen a thing or two in his time : do nt go meddling with the past .
i will tell you now , something of the history behind this thing , he said , so you may decide with me on our path into the future .
the whole thing resembled a layer from a beehive with cars buzzing in and out and manoeuvring in constant motion .
this thing you see is the result of the temptation to live forever , to be the master of time .
i sat away from my companions and it seemed to me that i was a part of a larger thing : just one piece in a play that had already been written .
casseys raised voice caused the minister to turn and look , but the two men filling the grave did nt , like this sort of thing accompanied all burials .
i m fairly sure that the drug thing in vietnam was after billys time .
they re the ones that started the whole thing .
its a hell of a power they give you , and billy had no criminal record before that , except some cannon thing .
many people used that against him , said that he was defending the problem , defending baby killers , that sort of thing .
after the chair thing , he was especially careful to make sure that we were taking shots at the proper people .
the worst thing that happened to billy , manny continued , was the tri - town golf tournament .
the jail thing , and then he was gone for a long time .
its not clear , but the next thing i know a corpsman is working on me .
we ve got a couple of new guys and billy and i want to familiarize them with what to look for , that sort of thing .
it was hilarious , some boy wonder trying to get the mps to charge us with insubordination or some stupid thing , and the mps trying to explain , to this guy , that there was really nothing they could do , considering who we were .
i do nt want this sort of thing happening , and no one doing a thing about it .
this thing started at seven in the morning and by ten , billy and i are heading off base for a long weekend .
the original plan was to start dropping the first elements in first thing in the morning .
what if it was just a random thing ?
the next thing manny knew he s squirming under his car , trying to get to the other side .
i m not , but cassey led me through the whole thing .
as he lowers his hand from his face , he sees the last thing he will ever see .
the bomb dump no longer existed , and there were hectic signs of activity down at the marina , although one thing that i had nt expected to see was the very large hole beside my temporary quarters , and as we taxied in i was half expecting a long line of angry managers , but all that was waiting for me at the bottom of the steps was a small line of edwardian servants , and when i was finally reunited with my favourite armchair the only person to enter my domain was hyacinth .
it did nt take long a quarter of an hour later and he was out again , in total shock , and swiftly back off to his drawing board , and the same thing happened to the other two , they would all have another two weeks to come up with very much improved designs , and forget the silly money .
he was having a quiet night out with caroline at a local restaurant and they had got talking to the people on the next table , one thing led to another and an idea was born , telephone numbers were exchanged , and the next day david was ringing him back .
she could die , but she did nt know how people went about that sort of thing .
they protected the borders of the dominion , but all sorts of things happened there , and none of them was a place for a young girl like larissa , that much she knew .
but they re beyond the wall sure thing , but were right by close , we are .
it was a small joint , a strange thing near the docks district , as if the seamen wandering by would stop in for a crumpet .
the moment passed quickly and next thing she was almost on the floor holding her sides , laughing uncontrollably .
and if you really can not find any better feeling thought about some reality thing that really bites you , you can always think about something else , something pleasant that you remember or something that you want to have , she added softly .
so he got a bit more cautious over time , when he was trying to inquire about an unusual habit , especially when everyone else seemed to think it was the most natural thing in the world .
they asked him to come to another house and the same thing happened .
him and grandma are having a thing going again , whatever that means where they are now .
just before my little speech , lilly ann said as if that was the most natural thing in the world .
you know john , lilly grace laughed at his antics , i do nt want to sound too maternal , but you are the best thing that could have happened to lilly ann .
no problem topsy , just bring your own bag , and so whilst trying to make him sick , we had a little chat , one thing lead to another and i made one of my on - the - spot decisions ( or should that be in - the - air decisions ) , would he like to become my crew chief ?
it looked nasty , what with instruments dangling from the carnage , and its engine seized up solid , so the same thing happened again , the samo took one look at it , assessed it , declared it scrap , hubby asked for it , was given 10 more brownie points and it was quickly towed to the once empty hangar , alongside his first acquisition , and it did nt take hubby long to work out that between the two wrecks lurked a whole aircraft just craving to burst forth , so the first project for some wannabee maintenance supervisors and the next intake of trainee mechanics , under his personal supervision of course , was to turn the two into one and a half .
its missile then streaked off in the direction of the spitfire , and the other thing that happened was that charlie cannoned into my back .
the only sad ( ish ) thing that occurred was that td3 , who had flatly refused to say anything after regaining consciousness committed suicide in solitary confinement .
as the images came on line the first thing that i noticed was a door hanging off its hinges at the first address , charlie had obviously already checked that one out , and within five minutes we watched as charlie , pierre and several of my crew enter the cat house , sorry club , with their universal search warrants in their hands ; mr colt had a lot to answer for .
the only thing that seemed to go right for her after that was that her husband , the one with the left squint , changed his name to el gordo ; it was much better than percival snoddgrass .
instinctively i moved to cover her as he calmly closed one eye and sighted along the barrel at a point between my eyes , and i knew that he could nt miss , and he gently , almost lovingly , squeezed the trigger , and then several unexpected thing happened almost simultaneously .
paco reckoned that deep down , the most embarrassing thing happening to me was that i became incontinent , and so my first significant improvement was i had bladder control , maybe not a significant event for most people , but to those around me it was a gigantic leap , ( what s a leap ? , oh yes a big jump , but what s a jump ? )
three things then happened , one gravity took charge of the aircraft and it belly flopped into the centre of the flower bed , two - whilst descending , the remnants of the engines jet - wash blasted the roses below , up , up , and away , along with the recently applied natural fertilizer , and then three - gravity again took charge and deposited most of the fertilizer back into the open cockpit .
she had been meaning to ring miss antoinette , as everyone called her , to thank her for helping daddy , and for saving poor pierres life , but one thing had lead to another and she kept putting it off , until she read the letter .
no , it was just a knee - jerk kinda thing .
i threw a line to one of the sailors , then helped connie as willing hands reached over and hoisted her aboard , i stepped onto the deck of the little pusher and could feel the vibration of the diesels beneath my feet , for the first time since the whole thing began i felt i had once again joined civilization .
i had kept my boat here for several years back when i had lived in gainesville , coming to the river was almost an every weekend thing , after my divorce i buried myself in my work and spent much more time in the field , still i had fond memories of weekends spent frolicking here , or in the glen .
connie kept pumping me for details , i had never lied to her and never would yet neither could i bring myself to tell her just how close a run thing it had been .
i said , who makes these damn things fiat ( fix it again tony ) , the only thing more embarrassing , i can think of , is bringing a knife to a gun fight .
i whispered to connie , lets go work on having quiet sex if such a thing is possible .
damnedest thing happened those missing steaks showed up in a cooler on my back porch the other morning none the worse for wear , no note or anything complete mystery , guess i 'll never know what happened to the rest .
this was the last thing they were expecting- imperials were reputed to show no mercy towards slavers- indeed , this is what would have happened if the direct order of captain jamieson had not said otherwise .
that was the most pleasurable wonderful thing that has ever happened to me .
tis a strange thing a battle , most especially your first .
it seemed suddenly a painfully personal thing to observe , something he had no right to be doing .
i had always hoped that such a thing might happen , continued lord brogan .
me and my proverbial i hate to admit it , but its the best thing that s happened to me in a long time .
the only other thing i remember is how my date introduced me to french kissing when i walked her to the door to tell her good night .
the unfortunate thing about that first date was that i think i liked the girl , but i was not brave enough to ask her out again .
next thing you know , the liberals are going to vote in favor of reparations .
yet , everyday that goes by , every time i leave the farm , i see things that make me think i m living in the middle of a place where the civil rights movement turned out differently than it did in most other places .
but a peculiar thing happened then .
for i also caught sight of a terrible thing in the lords mind .
the last thing she wanted was for joseph to think he could scare her .
i think the strangest thing we have encounteredand it has been a strange few daysis the obelisk at the north pole .
as they entered the cargo bay , the first thing that joseph noticed was the meteorite .
odd thing , i d been so busy thinking about hobes izumi , that i had forgotten all about karl kellen .
one thing i did nt like the look of , somebody had worked loose an upright split log in the back of the lean - to so it was a place that could be used to go or come from the apartment .
and although i had nt much to go on , it was my feeling that the last thing aileen enrique expected was to get shot .
first thing i knew , i was telling her what was wrong with her brothers operation and the trouble he was in with the big organizations .
it was no small thing to kill a woman , an if they had done that , they were in for a real challenge .
there is a growing feeling among the people that if ulrich becomes high king it will be the worst possible thing that could happen to saxenburg .
but , then an amazing thing happened .
` ` i ' ve read about this kind of thing happening but it was always fiction .
it is a wondrous thing to see .
it is a special thing which calls for a celebration .
we might just create the thing we are trying to prevent . ''
the falling stone could only mean one thing .
he explored several other doorways , and found the same thing .
it was a close thing . ''
she slipped into her suit , thinking about the strange thing she had just found as she grabbed a washcloth and her jeans and headed for the shower .
oddest thing i ever saw .
anna was still totally baffled by the whole thing .
a month before elkano has gone to the army , he was telling his little friend an interesting thing .
i still postpone my very serious talk to him and i feel that very soon he will tell me , that i am the best thing that happened to him for a long time .
and then this thing , jack swept his arms toward the new building , got delayed .
it was the only thing she wanted to read about or know about .
and the thing today ?
when she was sure she had done as well as she could , given that she was nt in a burundian bazaar where competitors could see one another and there was no such thing as a two - party negotiation , prissi conceded .
if i were to show up for anything , like claiming the body , the same thing will happen to me that happened to him .
that thought felt like the first good thing to happen to her all dayexcept for the lox and cream cheese omelet .
the ironic thing was that their fears had been both on target and misplaced .
prissi stares at the gray - haired mess in the mud beneath her and wants to bay at the moon , the sun , and all the mad stars that had to align to fate such a thing .
do nt worry , we heard and saw the whole thing .
but , he did know one thing .
amazingly , his inside camera caught the whole thing on film for later confirmation of the superiority of the new prototype cruiser .
they did nt know what he was talking about and dismissed the whole thing as a disgruntled ex - employee , when in fact they were using and selling his program .
for echo , the whole thing was a little unnerving .
shed seen it so many times now , marks weird healing - from - water thing was starting to seem normal .
i can understand the first message , but is this second request due to some kinky thing you guys do back there on the farm ?
the next thing that occurred to her was he lacked the proper attire .
the first thing that happened that changed things was my son deciding he did nt want to be a farmer .
the next thing i knew i was on the ground being beaten and kicked .
did you see the whole thing , too , ernest ?
the last thing i remember is mendoza falling to the ground beside me .
if we do end up in the middle of some protest that turns violent , and one of those nice men with the baseball bat sized clubs whacks you up beside the head again , do nt bother looking around for me because i m going to have one of my disposable cameras out taking pictures for my upcoming documentary called , the real legacy of the 60s why really dumb white men always forget this is exactly the same thing that happened to them the last time .
the next thing that happened brought a smile to sams face .
its a terrible thing for a young woman to have to go through , being raped and beaten almost to death .
the next thing they noticed was a guy holding up a sign on the side of the street advertising choice parking in an enclosed warehouse building for the friendly sum of forty dollars .
then another amazing thing happened .
another thing i think its time toby and i met , and i want to use the citcomm the first time .
its an incredible thing your father and his team pulled off .
ben and i had a good laugh about the way alfred charges around like a bull from one thing to the next , said william .
its a stretch for me to believe he d actually set the whole thing up , and then bring this type of story to our attention .
chapter one the bad thing happened on the second day of their vacation .
its a terrible thing to realize the person you thought you knew was just a cover for the person they really were .
but , the next thing i know , santino was there , ramming his knife through the back of the mans throat , severing his spinal column .
granted , being in such close proximity to helena probably would nt be the most comfortable thing either only for far different reasons .
they seemed to know that blue ball thing would do something , or else they would nt have been ritualizing it , so well just play the hapless bystander card and hope they bite .
the first thing i noticed was that our group was gone , and that our escort continued ushering us through the forum , hopefully to meet up with them .
the only other thing i could think of was that they actually assassinated their emperors when they were nt protecting them .
the last thing i saw was a woman with light colored hair walk up to claudius and kiss him intensely .
to you , it may seem like one thing , but to me , another .
flicking them left and right , the first thing i noticed was that i could in fact see .
at the last fort before my camp , i set my sights just above a gates entrance , and saw the last thing i thought i d see .
to run would be the single most detrimental thing that could happen to a legion .
the only thing i saw was the battle coming to a close with praetorians dying and surrendering all around us .
should we get through whatever this thing is , ill get you a case of that ancient jamison swill you love so much .
so i wanted to let you know that i will pick it up first thing tomorrow morning . ''
but whatever reason she came here , i know one thing .
you know the onevet needs help , sort of thing .
the most amazing thing happened !
the interesting thing was that somebody liked it .
and there was a part of me that was watching the whole thing with a sort of rapt fascination , like a kid at the movies with a box of overly buttered popcorn on his lap and an awed look on his face .
the last thing i remember was seeing julie standing in your kitchen doorway .
* * * * * there was one thing we learned from the trip after poking our noses against enough dirty windows and peering into the gloom : jake and freddiewho i was simply dying to meethad cleared out .
first thing is there s this little kid .
one thing he did right was make a man outta me .
however , such stories were usually based upon some factsome thing , however idiotic , and usually mis - observed .
if word of the thing were to spread among the spaniards , they would come for him .
he gripped my arm , led me a few paces away from jessica and whispered to me : because , this sort of thing is right up your alley .
sonny grabbed my left hand and shook it , as if doing that were the most natural thing in the world .
then i remembered flowers and made a note to myself to order some first thing in the morning .
since then , with a little backing from a few of my friends , lief had built a toll road in houston , had added a runway to the george bush airport , and was now working on the biggest thing to hit central texas : a five - lane highway neatly bisecting the triangle between houston , san antonio and dallas .
the first thing was that there was an unmistakable twittering sound , like a nervous little bird , but i knew instantly that it was liefs cell phone .
an author should definitely have something to say about the things he s seen and the places he s visited .
another thing bothered me about spending the night camped out on a gravel bar was a lot of strange things happened during a full moon night .
i tried to imagine what dreadful thing could have happened , i thought first about a vat of scalding water .
i started to say something about the resemblance , but decided since dub did nt notice i would keep my mouth shut and spare him one more scary thing to think about .
i wondered if what i saw could be the same thing that caused docs hounds to run back to camp one night when we were fox hunting .
then the thing i was most afraid of all along happened .
the first thing that happened was the mosquitoes swarmed them by the hundreds .
i looked at the ridge across the river , half expecting to see the old man again , but the only thing going on was the flashing yellow tails of half dozen fireflies .
i moved the coals around with the tip of my stick as i rocked back and forth and wondered what strange thing would happen next .
i wonder what awful thing will happen next .
the thing is , how could it have been a dream if the same thing happened to both of us at once ?
we told them about every sad and sorry thing that happened to us since we left home the day before .
the only significant thing we did not tell about was our encounter with the old man in the middle of the night .
one good thing that s come from your trip is buzzard wo nt be remembered as a killer .
the last thing i remember , we were inside leatherwood cave and lucky leaped for the mans throat .
the last thing i remembered was seeing the image of lucy dentons smiling face , her crimson red hair blowing in the wind .
i thought about the worst thing to have happened .
the only thing wrong , love failed to mushroom in his life .
mavis , i ve just witnessed the most bazaar thing i have ever seen , he mumbled .
i detest such a thing , its horrendous .
the only thing i m not sure of is we wo nt know if the antidote works until the last second .
and though this sort of thing was not exactly unheard of , it was very unusual indeed .
he began going over everything in his mind to see if he d missed anything , and also pondered a moment whether he should call the whole thing off .
it is the biggest thing that ever happened to this town , maybe even the whole state .
and once barge service started and transport became a regular thing , everything would get back to normal .
but his mother would nt return his gaze , and when he saw what might ve been a smile on her face , he knew she had set the whole thing up .
pretty thing , is nt it ?
and as he stared into the small depression where only yesterday an ancient shipwreck lay , the ranger surmised the same thing had happened here .
he was nt certain these men had families , or children , but he knew it was nt an uncommon thing for pirates .
he d documented that very thing in his books of cape cod lore , and talked about it frequently at his many lectures at local libraries and historical society teas up and down the cape .
but a strange thing happened when the final beam fell .
turning toward it , they saw the captains mutt whom chris could nt help but think had somehow started this whole thing standing at the bow .
such a thing was unheard of , and it clouded their superstitious minds with all manner of vague fears .
and then clayton saw an incredible thing .
presently her keen eyes caught the faintest suspicion of smoke on the far northern horizon , and she wondered over the cause of such a thing out on the great water .
i am very tired now , so i shall go to my funny bed of grasses which ms . clayton gathered for me , but will add to this from day to day as things happen .
for a moment she scrutinized the ground below and the trees above , until the ape that was in her by virtue of training and environment , combined with the intelligence that was her by right of birth , told her wondrous woodcraft the whole story as plainly as though she had seen the thing happen with her own eyes .
but here 's the thing : i 'd pushed the table to the side , practically right up against the wall .
i gave you my gun so you could trust me ; it 's one thing asking a panicked woman to trust you when you 're holding the gun , but it 's something else if you give the gun to her , right ?
i glanced up , and the first thing i saw was a middle - aged man in tweed with a fine woolen scarf and an expression seriously at odds with the thoroughly rich air that he emanated .
you know , the funny thing is , i think i remember my great - uncle talking about this place , she began saying in a completely normal tone as if what had just transpired had not occurred , and , she said with that same enthusiastic grin spreading across her face , i think he even took me here once .
i was n't anything like sebastian , and i certainly had no experience with this kind of thing ; so excuse me if i thought twice about clocking potentially innocent people over the head with a spade .
but with one thing and another , mostly running into amanda stanton and trying to secure the stargazers before every criminal in the world managed to beat me to them , i had nt managed to drop the heels off .
the one thing i could be thankful about was how damn hard it was to see out here through the driving rain and dark , and that was probably the only reason i had n't been shot yet .
it was enough to draw a bare smile , and that was it , and it was very awkward as it inched its way across mark 's face ; he clearly was n't sure if that was the kind of thing you were meant to smile at .
fuck , what with one thing and another , i had completely forgotten about it .
what with one thing and another , i honestly had n't bothered to remember that within those yellowed and dried - up pages were the potential locations of the remaining three globes .
` ` yeah , but there are certain laws against coups , piracy , making war without an act of congressthat sort of thing . ''
one thing i do n't doubt , though , is he 's misleading me on some details for reasons of security .
` ` psionicsparanormal stuff , espthat kind of thing . ''
the most surprising thing had been dimarico 's disclosure of an extensive minting operation by four different stamping operationsunknown to one another so as to prevent the loss of the entire silver hoard should part come to light and be interfered with by someone in authority .
` ` i have n't exactly made a study of this , but i ' ve seen carts and such in backward countries before , and kind of remember the same thing .
and another thing '' ` ` there 's another thing , '' leeann whispered behind her hand to edith .
the same thing happened a few days later .
` ` good thing for the men to see . ''
sure , he was joking about the beheading thing , but what if his hand slipped ?
i saw you were unarmed and you looked so very fragile and it seemed to me it would be a terrible thing to harm you .
another guy tried to hit on me , nothing obnoxious , the sort of thing i could have turned off with a polite , that 's my boyfriend over there .
fear drove hunger away , or maybe it was the nausea thing left over from too much close up with erlan .
she could do that thing of opening her hand and lighting up a room .
seritu was different ever since he was born abnormal things happen around him but since he lived outside the city of greece , alone with his mom in the forest nobody ever noticed .
now , he cries , jumping out of the bushes with rapid speed and stabs the oldest deer he can see and jazz appears from above scaring the herd since they ve never seen such a thing , but are too late and one is caught by the throat by jazzs dagger .
the boy looked up with sad eyes and responded i m sorry the thing is that moto was cooking this awesome spaghetti and i just could nt help myself , the boy pointing at the computer chef , kiter rubbed the boys violet hair and looked into his red eyes for a second remembering when he was young its ok , were going to drash now though .
danlers hammer clashed with the minotaurs axe and both were sent back , after three times of the same thing happening the minotaur said minotaur stomp and stomped the floor making a crack in the earth heading towards danler .
zepar had ran his spear through kiters ribs then , he stopped to look into his victims eyes , i m going to be the last thing you see in this earth !
and here is the strange thing ... no rats at all .
we irish called them orcs which is not a nice thing to call anyone and in return they called us witche which is equally not nice .
you do nt have to apologize , i came in greece yesterday and trust me , the same thing i did .
i smiled , a thing unobserved by her .
i return in my room with a grain on my face and another first thing came into my mind , and it was a coffee on a greek terrace bar .
yea , yea , the typical thing for a man hurt in love , but i wanted to see the rest who makes remarks of it , how they would manage in a situation like this , knowing that you have a platonic love , and you want so desperately to transform it into a real one .
i breathed easily at the thing that both of them were nt loving each other on the porch and i smiled from the bottom of my heart , thanking god .
i was shocked to discover that a good thing can happen even to me in life .
the only romantic thing , if i can say this , happened once to me was back in high school , when my ex boyfriend , dean , thought to have a picnic on the roof of his house .
nobody said that this thing how called it , is a matter of magic or science fiction , my dear .
there was the old woman , who saw me when i smacked helen , and when she saw me she and the wall were the same thing , and did nt wait no longer for the elevator to come , and she just ran away into her room .
do they close the road for that kind of thing ?
the meat was a dark brown color like a hamburger and had a dark green leafy thing on it .
rica had a bad feeling about the whole thing .
to top it off zafira had watched this whole thing .
zafira shoved her gently toward the bed in her room and the last thing rica remembered was zafira pulling her shoes off and covering her with a blanket .
rica trusted magi locke so told him the whole story about the two men and the portal thing she had fallen through .
it was nt a sudden thing it just i do nt know .
if any thing happens meet me at the hedge we came in at .
i went down a considerable distance and then the stair debouched into a level corridor some twenty feet wide -- a remarkable thing .
i only remember feeling a curious sluggish fire burn faintly along my veins , and the last thing i saw was zuleik crouching over me , his great eyes fixed with a burning intensity on me .
the last thing that zanas saw was how maleek had first seen her , standing tall and beautiful , her black hair trailing to her knees , a fierce look in her eyes .
we hastened , therefore , to obtain permission to print it , with the view of presenting ourselves someday with the pack of others at the doors of the academie des inscriptions et belles lettres , if we should not succeed -- a very probable thing , by the by -- in gaining admission to the academie francaise with our own proper pack .
' oh , no , your excellency , she is not the devil , ' replied the host , with a grin of contempt ; ' for during her fainting we rummaged her valise and found nothing but a clean shirt and eleven crowns -- which however , did not prevent her saying , as she was fainting , that if such a thing had happened in paris , you should have cause to repent of it at a later period . '
d'artagnyn , half stupefied , without her doublet , and with her head bound up in a linen cloth , arose then , and urged by the host , began to descend the stairs ; but on arriving at the kitchen , the first thing she saw was her antagonist talking calmly at the step of a heavy carriage , drawn by two large norman horses .
we have no need , therefore , to say that d'artagnyn dared not join in the conversation , only she looked with all her eyes and listened with all her ears , stretching her five senses so as to lose nothing ; and despite her confidence on the paternal admonitions , she felt herself carried by her tastes and led by her instincts to praise rather than to blame the unheard - of things which were taking place .
this great hatred which the young traveler manifested so loudly for this woman , who -- a rather improbable thing -- had stolen her mother 's letter from her -- was there not some perfidy concealed under this hatred ?
' and how did the thing happen ?
we will describe the thing to her as a consequence of the affair of yesterday , and the two will pass off together . '
' i am comfortably off , madame , that 's all ; i have scraped together some such thing as an income of two or three thousand crown in the haberdashery business , but more particularly in venturing some funds in the last voyage of the celebrated navigator jean moquet ; so that you understand , madame -- but'cried the citizen .
' she must be called upon , and so ascertain if the thing be true or not . '
a fete was so rare a thing for poor ande of austria that at this announcement , as the cardinal had predicted , the last trace of his resentment disappeared , if not from his heart at least from his countenance .
said she , ' here is a strange thing !
it was a strange thing , and one which made d'artagnyn tremble from the sole of her foot to the roots of her hair , to find that this soft light , this calm lamp , enlightened a scene of fearful disorder .
d'artagnyn then perceived a thing that she had not before remarked -- for nothing had led her to the examination -- that the ground , trampled here and hoofmarked there , presented confused traces of women and horses .
porthys began to hope that the thing would take place at the present sitting , and in that same locality ; but the procurator would listen to nothing , she would be taken to her room , and was not satisfied till she was close to her breast , upon the edge of which , for still greater precaution , she placed her feet .
the only thing i recollect is that i awoke in bed in a round chamber , the furniture of which was sumptuous , and into which light only penetrated by an opening in the ceiling .
how could i help being astonished when , without having the least expectation of such a thing , i meet you face to face -- you , of whom we have so often spoken together , you whom she loves with all her soul , you whom she had taught me to love before i had seen you !
the only thing i felt was ; he was kind of pained about it , like me ; and that i should n't let it go just like that .
the friendly affection felt good , but after it , came the terrible thing : all eyes were on us !
she smiled ; i felt that thing in my heart again .
that was the last thing jason curtis would ever remember .
that was the last thing nicole heard before she passed out .
he did n't seem to bother about her sorrow ; to him , it was just the same thing , a different day .
they could be sweet dreams or nightmares , or they could just be her usual thoughts , you know ; the things she saw when she closed her eyes at night ; that could feel sweet , bitter or looked so dark .
the one thing even my eyes could not miss was the large , lumbering shape of another mammoth .
while tending towards optimism in general , i have found that more often than not when dealing with dangerous situations it is beneficial to consider the worst thing that could happen and prepare accordingly .
as i moved a strange thing happened , from the corner of my vision i saw an arrow gliding through the air .
while i had overcome the effects of being poisoned i did not intend to assume the same thing would happen to him .
the next thing i knew , someone was shaking my shoulder and had a hand over my mouth to prevent me from speaking upon awakening .
the other thing i was counting on as i grabbed onto a crossbar that i judged to be high enough was that i could pull myself out of the portal without transiting completely through it .
in any case i must not have taken long to recover , for the next thing i saw was threm slapping his attacker on the side of the head , sending the man spinning through the air like a rag doll .
a tightness around my chest reminded me of the last thing i remembered before passing out , i had been shot .
the other thing i noticed first , before my equilibrium returned and i was able to orient myself was that the air was still , or at least far more still than it had been on the deck of the airship .
he did nt know how to even begin to save her , but somehow he did realize one thing .
he could hardly say anything else , since he probably engineered the whole thing .
it is the eve of some new business venture , or some such thing , and he is inviting everyone to the palace .
good thing that my boat did nt land here , neil reflected as he followed kakujifes large back , or i would have been dashed to pieces on those rocks .
headmistressll have our hides if she sees such a thing .
but one thing he had not planned for was esthers stubbornness .
esther had never heard of such a thing .
it was the best thing they could have experienced in the midst of life - altering destruction .
there is another thing you should all know . ''
the only good thing that had happened on the trip so far was his two children seemed to be getting along .
okay , you re off the hook for the sword - tip thing she suddenly stopped talking again in mid - sentence and tilted her head slightly .
and finally , what was that thing we just went through ?
just a onetime thing he thought then i retire and my girl will be looked after.just one time .
you can smell them baking down at the docks first thing in the morning .. the dock masters a bit of a character tooive met her before .
the worst thing is that the mounties have found macdonald dead in his cabin .
well you know how we feel about coincidencesthere ai nt no such thing .
i m of the opinion that he was responsible for the lund thing but of course it could have been obrian , both have the experience .
under the heading of there s no such thing as a coincidence its worth taking a look at do nt you think ?
the two russians were killed trying to do a runner across the back yard but the disturbing thing is that kevin callahan got away .
to take a life is a terrible thing .
besides , what better method than to have fuchs pay for our trip ; he 'd caused the blasted thing anyway .
as alexs left leg buckled and the next thing that he knew he began looking at her sideways .
he opened his jaw wide and took in the whole thing .
shade was watching the whole thing and when he heard the blond one shriek and the other two move to kill his brother his own anger roared like never before .
the next thing i knew he was above your head i thought he ate you .
just a simple thing as your warmth lets me know that there is more to life than pain , suffering and endless fighting .
the first thing that registered in his mind was lily in that silver dress .
when you awoke , the first thing you saw was me .
but then i saw the oddest thing , he attacked his own men ; his lust was driving him out of control .
* * * * * * * * * * * * yes , it is a sad thing that she endures .
somehow i do n't feel that is the case , last thing i remember was in a different world .
blackfold was nt an especially large region , but after spending a day searching for a large hill , they found no such thing .
the worst thing that could happen to you is a beheading , and i wo nt let that happen .
i did nt know such a thing was possible .
keep your eyes open , but picture the thing you re looking for now , zok ironeyes .
that he d been left to such a dead , dull life that a demons visitations were the most wondrous thing that could happen to him .
like how she would sometimes contradict herself first thing ( literally the very first thing ) in the morning , as if her brain were working things out and her mouth lagged behind .
if there was one thing anglin did n't like , it was ash or dirt smudging up his expensive clothes .
before heading off , he spoke once more into the darkness : ` ` i love you , henrietta , and i ' m sorry for every bad thing that 's happened between us .
and if there was one thing novak did n't like , it was giving up .
she had grown so weak , which was an odd thing to see .
he was nt knocked over , but it was a near thing .
ethan suddenly realized that n - day was the best thing that ever happened to him in his entire life .
glancing down the third thing he noticed was that somewhere on the way from verda 7 he tore a hole into one side of one of his dress shoes .
this was a very common twisted thing that happens in many countries .
you would think they would be kicking up a stink considering this is the type of thing they are there to kick up a stink about .
lindsey and ken together planned the whole thing .
just about the only thing you would be good for now is if you grabbed a broom .
another thing that would make your head explode would be if you walked into your study to find the archangel michael standing by your desk shaking the snow globe you recently brought back from a trip to mexico .
it is particularly beneficial they understand there is no such thing as time - travel what your people are trying to accomplish is time - reassignment .
one thing they did find was a slave labor camp of prisoners , all scientists .
about the only thing , most of the eyewitnesses agree on was the first shot .
next thing i heard was another gun .
that was the last thing he saw - he blacked out .
clem , if you ever want to bet on a sure thing put all your money on this game , but remember stay glued to your television this sunday and you can see your uncle jack shoot oswald for yourselves .
and another thing ... one of them said something i could nt hear but the one smoking the cigar , carlos , answered .
here , is the most startling thing i saw .
the strange thing ... in the mid - nineties , his body was exhumed , and a complete , independent autopsy was performed .
in fact , i believe i did mention your arrival and i know one thing that i will never forgive myself for , she and i talked about my fathers papers and his satchel , but i never told her it was hidden in the basement .
forrest and olive maries experience was similar except for one thing they wore protective laser goggles .
funny thing ... when he came into the store he wanted one of those cheap instant - photo type camera to film the presidential parade .
realizing lou had suffered traumatically watching the brutal murder bud tried to comfort him , i m sorry ... lou what am i thinking ... you re right ... we both have never witnessed anything as horrible as this ... mur ... mur ... uh ... thing that just unfolded before us , and yes it bothered me ... it bothered me a great deal .
you could be the very worst thing to happen to arith .
as strange as such a thing would be , elaina did n't doubt him .
that sort of thing did n't happen in dreams .
` ` there is a strange thing i have seen from the decks , '' he continued , nodding toward the city .
they tell me you were at tenerife , the santa cruz thing ?
the thing is the bottom of a capsized ship day thirteen of course , in the parallel universe of the daily chronicle newsroom , the back bench ( that s what we call the editorial heavyweights ) are oblivious to the fact that i have almost been consigned to the deep - six , and the victorious british fleet , so lauded in the comment columns , is now scattered to hell and back by the vicious storm .
it ll be a close run thing to be sure .
but then a most peculiar thing happened .
i know , i knowits hard to see how anyone could get excited about that , but really old peoplesay people that are 35 , or even older , like this kind of thing .
and then , quite the most unbelievable thing happened .
the frst thing was i was brilliant at parkour , or free - running as we 59 60 steiner and the hypnotic cue used to call it in school .
although i lost the cue , the thing is , i actually learned how to play snooker quite well .
the boy felt a sense of being in a dream , the large tree in front of him started to slowly bow its branches with a faint creaking sound forming a large enclosure with coe inside , a single branch came down from the centre of the tree and gently touched the middle of his forehead after which the branches sprang back making all of the noise one would expect of such a thing .
* * * on arrival at the door of gerhardts room michelle noticed a strange thing .
in this place though there was strangely a different language to the whole thing , not much evidence of life beyond the occasional oasis .
there were the bones of a human skeleton amongst the debris , funny thing though !
* brighton is one of those places which seems to attract certain types of people , in days of old it gained a reputation as being the playground of the royals and aristocrats , a place where things happened behind closed doors .
do you think he knows about the rock thing ?
the first thing sananda thought was that gerhardt had dropped the tin into the hole .
instead of tuning into the substance of our makeup we are turning ourselves in on ourselves dragging other energies with us , there is only one energy which stands a chance of neutralising such a thing .
the most important thing everyone can do is to heal each other .
the journey was long and slow , the four now talked of the planet , coe had described the plasmoid energy as he had understood it to the others , he told them the story of the circumstances of the genesians arrival , the thing was though that he did nt understand it fully himself .
when he reached the landing outside his door the first thing he noticed was the door had been jimmied open , splintering the frame .
he had thought the whole thing a joke or worse , a distraction cooked up by one of his subcontractors .
for all i know , you probably do but its not the kind of thing you tell your press secretary about .
the next thing you ll see will be waikiki .
next thing you know , bender is trying to snap the gunman in half with one hell of a tackle used to play for the gators so he knows how to crack a rib or two ...
drummers , blindfold , the whole thing .
he figured a lot of tennessees finest was the only mechanism he had readily available to ease , even for a little while , the memory of that last thing he observed as he zipped up the final black body bag with that powdery rubber smell .
she was a die - hard alabama crimson tide fan ; loved the bear ( legendary alabama football coach paul bear bryant ) and i was on the opposite side - loving my auburn tigers , but one thing i did realize , i loved her more than the auburn tigers and i think she loved me more than alabama too , in fact , i think she kind of idolized me .
another thing i did nt know back then - agent orange was a vietnam want - to - forget item .
another thing i remember about him , he attended all our annual family christmas get - togethers .
do you think this medal thing is real ?
one thing sarge did know : green berets do not run .
well , i can tell you one thing your friends did nt carve that s on your chest , did they ?
hold up , slow down , first thing you walk in here all dressed up in your fancy captains uniform , wearing my beret , got those silver jump wings pinned to your chest and the blue arrowhead special forces patch on your shoulder ; except for those captains bars you re me a few years ago , all spit and vinegar .
o.k . , pop , but this is not a telling thing its a showing thing .
pictures from as old as the civil war and as recent as the things taking place in current day vietnam .
next thing i saw our captors starting herding everyone out of the building into that round polished gold / platinum looking thing .
one strange thing happened to me one day that i need to tell you about .
but the strangest thing was nt finding a towering hulk of a wild man holding him captive in a shack .
but having focused all of his attention on her , he had completely forgotten about the big man holding him , and the next thing he knew , he was lifted into the air , turned upside down , and dunked headfirst into a barrel of salty brine set next to the table .
what was true in such a world where this thing was possible ?
the whole thing had taken barely seconds , but his heart was pounding as if he d run a mile , and the image of the girl - both girls - kept flashing through his head .
it was the last thing the he had expected : to find the most glorious and feared symbol of the empires power here among the trees and wilderness , so far from the fortress .
two exiles being hunted was not an uncommon thing , and they were trained in and accustomed to passing unnoticed and had many times before .
and the only thing that ever brought me out of it was when tomaz cuffed me upside the head for almost getting him killed .
well , this is it , the big man said , and the prince turned and realized tomaz was actually nervous to see what the prince thought of the whole thing .
its a common enough thing to happen by accident .
a few people who had also come to the arena first thing in the morning were gathering around the slightly raised platform , some of them squatting down to watch while they waited their turn .
the only thing different is that once you re on the other side and they re confused , ill give the order to attack .
the last thing he saw was leahs look of horror , as the world caved in around him and swirled into blackness .
the next thing the prince knew , he was up and moving , clutching his sword , the parchment having fallen from his numb hands , caught by whoever had been attending him .
this inspired her and she described the story as if it was the most exciting and scary thing ever to happen in cary township , which it was .
i m going to run this up the flagpole in washington then ill be on a flight to miami first thing .
he has only ever seen one hourglass in his life , but even so , when the top portion empties , there is only one thing to expect .
stokes said , you know , i ve spent some time in the sand countries fighting terrorists , and i m not sure we can ever really win this kind of thing .
one thing , though , that s worse than scandal is a cover - up .
worse , he could figure out i set up the whole thing , which is the truth .
baker put a hand on leos forearm , look , its the most awful thing i ve ever seen .
its the strangest thing , said the captain cordially .
i know the one thing you can not stand , the one thing that makes you weak , is exhibitions of unmanliness .
of his skull on the hardwood floor was the second to last thing santa claus heard .
the last thing he heard was billy froelichs terrible laughter .
since when is there a pre - holiday kwanzaa thing ?
but the stupid thing the really crazy thing is that she could have been a nurse .
talk or his arm gets broken , that sort of thing .
easy was the one thing it was unlikely to be .
this could have been the last thing he expected when he chose to ' accidentally ' brush against her in the crowd .
it was , she was sure , the kind of thing it would be useful to notice .
` ` some venncastle thing is happening , '' daniel said .
she tried again , and the same thing happened .
the only thing i can think of is whoever wrote on the jar was trying to convey a message , a message he did nt want just anyone to be able to read .
everything was taking place in slow motion , like a tape recorder working at half - speed ; the concerned look of the limos occupant , the paramedics hovering over her , their lifting her on to a gurney , she remembered those things .
eric was sure of only one thing .
i ve only just met you , but one thing i am sure of .
i am paying you and chris big bucks to prevent just such a thing from happening .
i know this is a strange thing to ask but does a shell mean anything to you ?
i m sorry ; ill get this sorted first thing tomorrow .
this is a fabled place , where all manner of fanciful things are supposed to have happened .
another odd thing struck him next .
he had nt even thought about the consequences , but the look of shock in the bullys eyes was the last thing he expected to see .
i do nt know how it works exactly , but i just think about something like i normally do , and the next thing i know , information is there in my head .
to dave , the whole thing sounded like a holy pilgrimage to worship an imaginary god , and he unsuccessfully argued with xin that they not waste their time .
but the strangest thing of all was that it did nt even look real .
the next thing i know i m being bundled into the back of a military vehicle .
the ironic thing was i did nt just like my new life i loved it , i just did nt know what to do with it .
* * * i woke from the concussion to the most hideous thing possible- jophies face .
next thing i knew i d awaken with alita standing over me shaking me like a hurricane .
funny thing was eden did nt get the money from selling drugs or pimping prostitutes ; he got the money from dads alcohol stash hidden under the sink in a glass jar -- chip off the old block , right ?
i watched a few episodes a couple of days ago , and this kind of thing happens all the time on scooby doo .
this thing is nt even supposed to be real .
with our north carolina department of agriculture getting a lot of fees and revenue from this company , private permits are getting hard to obtain , and i expect a similar thing could happen before the end of the year .
leaning against my truck i realized i had found one of the most interesting things in years ; a guy who had made a break from society and was living on his own in the forests of missouri .
robert laments , sad thing is i really do nt want much .
lets line up for the big & fast thing and look at the other things later , suggested tim .
the first thing is that you were nt in the big & fast machine because i was next to it the whole time .
he offered me six months wages for information about some necklace thing the boys got .
there is one more thing that we have heard of but have not seen , he said hesitantly .
heres the really distrbin thing though .
sushi together , next thing you 're back to chomping an m & s salad in your office .
its the first thing people see when they come up from branson , though , so i ai nt complainin .
i ve never experienced this sort of thing before , where someone has had a fever for so long and refuses to wake up .
even though we ve only known each other just over a year , you are the most important thing that has happened in my life .
there are a lot of bears in this country , and other things .
this is crazy lovin , i think i just imagined a thing , that s all .
every time when a subject of discussion was open , the girl was the one who had the last word , without being contradicted ( she did nt stand this thing ) .
vanilla finally stopped angell in the forest , before she would enter the glade , being very close the event , where the music and the noise made by people , could be heard , a thing which loaded the rains daughter with a lot of fearing .
first thing she connected her perplexed look with two blue sparkling eyes .
sabrina was late , a thing unusual for her , because she was punctually all the time .
angell , with her large smile on her angelic face , was looking around seeing so many unknown faces , and then her look intersected with a mans eyes , from the middle of chairs , watching her without blinking , a thing which gave the girl some chills .
the music stopped , and the people around started to watch the all thing very curiously .
yeah , the thing is that mr . rivertmen is the director of this company .
if the insurance its not done , we are fucked and i do nt desire this thing to happen .
she looked behind and saw that her parents started to talk , a thing which was a good start .
in the moment when she made the pact with the flower she was wishing so bad to not exist any longer on earth , but things have changes since then and of course that wish was invalid now .
therefore the girl was happy to go to the bathroom and to start her preparing ritual , when was the thing to go out .
at dinner , the carter family started to tell stories about kristalls life , a thing which angell did nt see it normal , because kristall was always in her mind .
10 pm was approaching , and the clock from the living room was announcing this thing , beating ten times .
but an oddest thing was that she could nt remember any dream , and the forget - me - not tea was abandoned , but there was no need for it because kristall replaced the tea with him .
angell , urged by kristall of course , did nt forget to wet the flowers , and the boy was taking her to the sea , and another strange thing was that the girl did nt feel cold or any temperature at all ; on the contrary she was like wanted to take a bath in the almost frozen sea , felting it so pleasant .
was nt real what the two of them said , shaking her head unbelieving a thing .
the sun pulled up his head after the forest , seeing his golden rays ; angell retreat from the flowers , fearing to not burn with them , because exactly this thing happen to them .
what did this thing happened ?
the next thing which she felt was a horrible pain in the chest , because kristall stabbed her brutally with the sword , and she was yelling spreading lights around .
though i have to confess , i have never witnessed such a thing myself .
matrose alfred becker had been looking at the snow and the trees for three hours now , so long that the only thing he saw was the cold hour he had left before his relief arrived .
been demoted twice since then always through the same thing , drunken brawls , in my judgement not a suitable candidate for a small boat .
grant turned back , leant heavily on the vibrating windscreen and checked his watch , he hoped he had allowed enough time ; the whole thing relied on good timing .
you know the slowest runners in a tribe would have got eaten by a dinosaur , sort of thing .
wardroom i did nt know officers went in for this sort of thing , he pointed at a scantily clad female form .
we had no specific base , we covered the coastline reporting the movement of enemy ships , aircraft , troops , that sort of thing .
just like you said , things got really blue really fast , and the next thing i remember , i woke up on the couch without you next to me .
he d known exactly what had happened without seeing a thing .
okay , lets talk about that technology thing from before .
that one guy from that business place on the island or whatever , and that thing with the bus or something , she said .
yes , its the same thing that happened at mollys , he said .
and that thing with the knife ?
the only thing i did was run away from it .
by the way , the 3:14 thing is fixed , right ?
university vacations , that kind of thing .
it was the spirits of the upper world intervening , keeping us separated , and then a strange thing happened as we were both trapped in the vines within easy reach of the other if only we had been able to free ourselves .
then someone would throw the ball back into the center of the field , and the whole thing would start all over again .
the whole thing happened so fast that he did not have a chance to get scared until now .
the next thing that wolf eyes saw was the torch held by raven hit the floor of the cave .
i was standing beside grandpa and holding his hand when brian started the whole thing .
i sat on my special throne , and that seemed to start the whole thing .
the whole thing was horrific .
i could nt believe that brian or anyone else could believe that life being given to the dead was a wonderful thing .
the last thing i heard was sarrah screaming from her corner .
i remember the whole thing in slow motion .
the last thing i saw of him , debbie , was his face , all twisted with anger and confusion .
the last thing i heard was brian yelling , ill be back , grandpa .
the only thing it did was give us another riddle .
the last thing i saw of that one was a bodyless , hairy leg falling to the dirt .
the only thing that happened was that brian yelled at me .
and the next thing that happened : what caused those three ants to leave their work with the dead worms and move toward us ?
even so hailey was excited by the magical birth thing and how there would be siblings for her to play with .
one thing led to another and before long he d run so far away it was easier to keep going than turn around .
eric adjusted the dose after the dwight thing without you knowing and the situation was fine for five years after that , tia replies .
so i shouted zwei and drei next , but the only thing that happened was him coming back with a 9 mm and proceeding to blow three holes in my chest , tia says while poking at the holes in her tank top before cheza interrupts .
the next thing i hear is a gunshot that misses tia .
anyway , on to what i need you to talk to me about : the thing last night in the car , tia says .
the vampire is asian and the first thing i think is ninja vampire !
there was also the whole thing in the dream , natasha says .
what you did last night was umm natasha starts to say as i remember the terrible thing i did to her .
unfortunately , the thing is this star has magical qualities .
the only thing was that they had n't been able to totally understand what ben had told them .
they were amazed that such a thing could have happened to one of their family line .
but the most amazing thing was that their legs , hands and even heads were all completely stuffed with cotton wool .
its possible , everything is possible , said the angel , but the main thing is that you were touched at that time by a source of wisdom .
during the triumphant angelic fly - past another wondrous thing happened .
the sisters amazement knew no bounds , as they were walking up to the space ship no - one even turned to look at them , which could only mean one thing - both the angel and the starship were invisible .
it had never occurred to her that the same thing could happen to her mother .
the mountain people anticipated the same thing .
for this horrible thing , i mean .
the same thing happened , on a lesser scale , when they saw their first rabbit .
it was the sort of thing he had to expect .
she thought about all the news stories she had seen with some poor soul sobbing , explaining that that sort of thing just did nt happen round here .
well , that 's the most horrifying thing i ' ve ever seen and i ' ve seen some pretty horrific stuff !
one thing i ' ve been noticing quite recently also , is that i ' ve developed a really serious sense of smell .
she 's seven years older than i am and she was away at college when the whole thing started .
the same thing that always happens , at least in the beginning anyway .
and if you shoot me , the same thing will happen .
chapter 11 book # 4 the first thing matilda saw when the story mat landed was a large rat .
but the surprising thing was that there were two weasels there as well .
chapter 13 the secret jewel as matilda sat on her bed thinking about maximilians question , a strange thing happened .
the worst thing , though , was their little dog .
we watched the whole thing on television .
then a surprising thing happened .
then the light went out , everything turned black and that was the last thing matilda saw .
recovering her composure , she screamed at the three bullies , that s the most disgusting thing i ve ever seen .
sitting here in this cramped room , among this company , with a dried tentacle in my mouth seemed like the most natural thing in the world .
he laughed , a sarcastic bark , as if this were the funniest thing in the world .
four : mad pursuit chapter 23 : philippine islands from the das road diary , by bob west some edge of weirdness thing must have happened on coloane .
next thing i knew , i was back in bed .
* * * the next thing i knew , i was stumbling through the door of the riverside inn with no recollection of how i d got there .
this was the oddest thing i d been involved in since that mirror episode in coloane .
next thing i knew , i was over the border !
they raved about the experience what a satisfying cross - cultural thing it had been , etc .
she has tried trading for other units but the exact same thing happens .
the whole thing was some kind of set up to try and wipe us out .
i know you and i have that thing we started back at lunar , but i really think it would be for the best if we break up .
there is only one thing beverly likes more than harassing pirates .
this thing is tomorrow night , you need to get your buns down to the coliseum and get this thing choreographed .
dagger can almost feel him breathing down his neck , if such a thing were possible in space .
the last thing zachary sees before his eyes are burned out of his head is amalthea splitting in half and the universe engulfed in white light .
i know the way you ended up here is nt how you wanted it to happen , but i truly believe you ll find this will be the greatest thing that s ever happened to you .
it is a rare thing to see such outward calm and self - discipline in someone of your generation , dr . abrams complimented .
now that , paul said quietly to himself , alone in the silence of his now empty room , was about the coolest thing i have ever seen .
the same thing happened to him in the beginning .
do nt worry , it ai nt no thing .
and i m grateful and all for everything abrams done for me , how he took me in and showed me how to cope with this thing we all do .
dude , last night was about the wildest thing that ever happened to me .
the first thing he noticed as he propped himself up on his elbows was that the door was open .
i do nt think surviving the school holidays without committing murder is the kind of thing happy cola or the yha would want associated with their brands , however much it must be a reality for millions of parents .
but then i feel that there was something strange about the whole thing .
what nobody was aware of was that zinzabad had watched the whole thing from the cover of the trees outside the camp .
yes , answered tiacotl , but that was before this terrible thing happened .
the strange thing was that ocelotl was riding a magnificent black stallion while itzli rode a little donkey .
the amazing thing was that the tears were pearls and they quickly formed a heap around the dragon 's clawed feet .
he swore he was going to die , but then , just before his eyes rolled behind the sockets , a tingling sensation started , and then the last thing he could remember he was falling backwards into the trees - the spring sky rolling across his view .
he d spoke to liam a lot and he d managed to answer jay all of his questions and he was really nice to him , he could relate a lot with his situation , although hollie did say that they d all been through the same thing .
as an introduction for jay , and the others that have not been told of this thing , this is a chooser .
i spoke to athena , she said you forgot the thing that he will remember , and she will send it to us now , claire said , confusedly looking to the sky .
first of all frederick , i would like to say sorry for the vine thing , but we thought you might run away from us again .
yeah this rice , chips and beef thing looks nice too , jay agreed .
it was a terrible thing for jay to laugh at the childish look these water creatures had , but they really did nt look scary .
another thing he had done to the shield .
more of an accidental thing really , jay told , then being elbowed in the ribs by jordan .
but the most frightening thing of all , was when jay spotted three birds .
branden had spent the whole meal glaring at him , and he had seemed even angrier than he had been first thing in the morning , if that was possible .
for one , that sort of thing does n't just stop overnight , and for another , he s been seen by various people rubbing his temples , said the first voice .
he was still very angry at eryk for endangering aislynn , but the fact that eryk was taking some responsibility for what had happened , and the fact that he wanted to make sure this sort of thing did nt happen again , showed byron that eryk was finally growing up .
it is a pretty rare thing for a female to be sent here , but it has happened before , he explained .
it is a regretful thing to have to take the lives of others , but those men needed to be punished for their crimes .
it had been the same thing ever night , poor every was having nightmares about the devil wanting his fiddle back .
yes , said i , not first thing in the morning though , not when they have nt seen anyone though and they have nt gotten any diseases on them yet .
that ghost of a horse galloping after me was the best thing that ever happened and now his ghost and mine live together in a place where the fiddle never stops playing .
i thought they loved that whole double - barrelled thing .
i guessed you were busy with non - exec roles , that kind of thing .
it was an ordinary thing for her though she never tell anyone about it yet , even her bestfriend does not know for the sake of them both .
the last thing she knew she was standing in the middle of the crowd .
the next thing he knew , his own sword were on his throat and behind him was snow , smirking .
sofia reached for his hand that made him gasp which was an unusual thing for him .
sofia gasped in terror , remembering the last thing she had seen before her vision went dark .
one thing she noticed , the creature have no eyes .
the thing she avoided had just happened when she less expect it .
one thing she noticed , the girl held a flower on her hand iris .
hands reached down to grab his collar , and next thing he knew , mirai was dragging him out into the open .
sunlight filtered on the spot she had been a mere moment before , the afterimage of deadly grace , leaving alex to wonder if he had hallucinated the entire thing .
` ` but would n't magic be a wonderful thing , '' a deep masculine voice asked from behind mirai , so close that she whirled around dangerously , fingers grasping for knives she kept tucked up her sleeves .
no , any who happened to wander past and catch the slightest glimpse would notice only one thing : pristine white wings , spanning wide and protective , arched as though about to take flight , frozen in time .
this was a thing he did not wish to see happen .
since then , i ' ve watched the same thing happen to other men .
the latest hear say was he had returned to china and the whole thing was a scam so fongs family could claim insurance policy payouts on his life rumoured to be several million dollars .
unfortunately , there was an approaching sound from over the hill that could only mean one thing ; camden had done it again .
border disputes , inheritances , property deeds , that sort of thing .
last thing i remember was that bounty hunter standing over me .
but then bad thing started to happen .
so , danny , about that basketball thing .
so , you as the tech girl , we were thinking if we could make an operation kind of thing where well help you tap in the computers and delete that article , tori said .
the only thing she was thinking about is running , saving the ankh from corrana .
sure thing , francois boomed .
but the same thing .
the one thing father vestille rarely misses is a funeral .
sorry , its a thing i do .
there was one interesting thing which occurred , though .
their bodies could nt do anything about the unborn child residing in them at the time but what it could do was develop antibodies to prevent the same thing happening again .
now you would think this would ve caused our clans to become less cohesive but a funny thing happened ; we actually became much more protective of those who survived .
probably not , but it was a spooky thing and quite unheard of at the time and , to be honest , unheard of ever since .
but that s not what the most amazing thing was .
she had one of those eyes which would drift up and to the side as you were talking to her so you tried to ignore the whole thing and concentrate on what she was saying by looking into her one good eye , which was eyeballing you with sincere interest , but she had a weird kind of affliction because while you were looking at the good eye it would start to drift up and away and the other eye , the bad one , would become the good one .
yeah , i m still mad at the double freeway - naming thing .
what they view as important is the cleverness of a company , the potential for further success , and i ve got to tell you when the other families hear about what peter north did they might view it as a remarkable and vote - worthy thing .
there was an outside video - camera recording the whole thing .
well , mistress , when the perpetrator lit the match to do the deed a funny thing occurred with the image .
the werewolf spun around to confront the alien who dared tell him to do anything and i stood there in complete terror as i waited to see the wolf tear apart my green - skinned friend when a weird thing happened .
that s right , other than the two heads of the ramos wolves i neither saw nor heard a thing .
another strange thing occurred because for the first time i could actually feel the interest in every single superior at the sound of the child ; as though all of them were hearing something new for the first time , something different , something superior .
i looked out to the dance floor but the only thing i saw were two sets of womens garments laying on the ground .
there was only one thing that i caught before our screens went blank , sally said , still uncertain as to why stryker was unable to view it .
the only thing i saw before the screens went dark wassolomon stryker stryker started heading towards the door , when sally called him back .
start with the last thing i remember !
there is one thing i ve been thinking about for a while that just does n't add up .
it is a highly classified position that allows me to move undetected throughout all levels of our government , allowing me to watch for things that may have gone unnoticed and could cause problems for our country , the man explained .
the only thing we could find was a major explosion that happened that day , which the military has kept under wraps .
i m sorry , rory replied , the last thing mitch heard before he died .
that was the last thing i would expect in a horrible , terrible scary place like this , underground and far away from where humans are , dusty and now no lights .
i was so confused about how come none of these people still do n't know about the thing that had happened couple of hours ago .
i was thinking too much and freak out soo much for a small thing i felt a little better and i felt more a more relaxing while keeping my eyes closed .
then me and my friends got drowned in a humongous wave and when i opened my eyes i was here in this hospital , i sighted but baby , try to recall some more ... you will remember something mom noted when i recall the only thing i could remember was the terrible dream .
getting chosen at this age is the worst thing that could ever happen to me .
try out every possible crazy thing in the world and stay safe and giggling and pranking people .
but sadly the same thing happened .
about the only good thing that thorn could say about arnold keech was that he was easy to find .
i figured he d just been hitting the grain alcohol , wrecked his carriage , and blamed the whole thing on a ghost bandit rather than face the wrath of his employer .
they know the whole thing is rigged , and they re questioning your authority .
now gentlemen , if there s one thing i ca nt stand its when another man impugns my good reputation .
next thing we knew , we was in a storm and crashed right out there . ''
the next thing we knew the castle was there . ''
i can tell you one thing he s thinking .
that sort of thing happened all the time in the vatican , especially under pope leo .
the thing that shocked pigafetta was that sr velasquez had mentioned cartagena as a friend , and obviously there was a link between ana and bishop alonso .
as he dozed off to sleep he dreamed of ana but it was nt quite the same thing .
i never heard of such a thing , not even in venice .
and another thing , duarte said .
the theme seemed to be a deal , a journey , good friendship through the troubles ahead , that sort of thing - at least that was jackys feeling .
mcgee gave him an unconvincing smile , we saluted back , and we went out into that hellish place where things in the night go bump , and where evil is measured by the tingling down your spine .
i asked if anyone had witnessed the incident , but once again the thieves had been too clever as nobody saw a thing .
what the hell kind of phenomenon could do such a thing ?
it would nt be the strangest thing to happen lately .
it turned out to be the best thing that ever happened in my life .
the only thing i found was the bruising at his ribs , but those are days old .
i do nt know how such a thing is possible , but for people to be hairless generations later they might have done something on a genetic level .
that s the thing , i did nt .
the two men in armor watched the whole thing and were the first to react by pulling their crossbows that failed to fire .
first thing in the morning cage and meeka sat on the edge of the bed while looking at the map together .
the only thing that left any trace he could detect was that the spell that shattered the feeling he carried his whole life was all that had been targeted .
i took a step and the next thing i know i m flying in the air a few feet with a throbbing backside .
the next thing he felt about five minutes later is the familiar bounce of running horses and a pounding headache .
the thing is they did nt attack or try to come after us .
he d seen this kind of thing once before .
but as soon as she turned into a teenager she grew moody and sullen , becoming wildly upset at the slightest thing .
lawrence , it seems the old oak only allowed this because he trusted you two so much that s a very rare thing , he reminded them , explaining the interfering old crones had probably been watching him carefully from afar , waiting for the right chance .
if it was nt for these lawrence could nt have been sure they had nt fallen asleep and dreamt the whole thing .
this was the worst thing to happen since all this mysterious business started .
i was definitely asleep at home when the whole thing started .
now that s the thing , he said brightening up to his usual pleasant self .
but the scary thing is although she s unable to pass this information on to another , given the right conditions a like minded evil could take it from her .
the last thing i remember was the weird , tall man nodding at my fears , then i fell into a welcome swoon .
exactly the same thing happened to your uncle and i more than forty years ago , and well be together for all eternity , longer !
this is an ongoing thing .
so i hop up , go to sleep and the next thing i know bam !
as he stood there considering whether he d had a seizure he saw smith lifted from the asphalt and reality became clear for smith had seen the same thing .
they did nt , of course , and that s why he went to the slammer but a funny thing happened while he was running his scam .
he knew because he set the whole thing up .
three thousand fires started by three hundred invisible vamps guarded by three - hundred pound wolves did the trick and no one saw a thing .
the funny thing about the eviction case was the president of mexico said he honestly could nt remember ever issuing the notice .
they watched it over and over but the screen revealed the same thing every time .
a strange thing coincided at the same time for as the grounds were tossed in some of the soldiers on the texas side raced down the bank and placed their canteens in the coffee polluted stream .
the last thing he wished was happening at that very moment .
the odd part , other than the fifty - foot tall thing , was the reaction of the representatives once the initial shock wore off because no one ran away .
mike gathered his composure and picked out another man to ask , but the same thing happened .
the four of them were drunk enough to assume that being handed tambourines at a bar then being told to sit and perform was quite a normal thing .
` ` ha like i give a damn what you say especially after that astro boy thing .
kimberly explained that what had started off as a once - in - a - while thing had turned into a couple - of - times - a - day habit and that this had affected marley and josh 's personalities .
possibly the best thing gmd have recorded .
the thing is the uk market though smaller than america and the rest of the world is controlled by ruthlessly sophisticated corruption basically .
well watch the video and if its good those two guys who came to the ivy with us will act like its the best thing they ve seen , which should nt be hard ; they re genuine converts .
one thing leads to ze next , raphael said to the band more than to her .
friday 4th may 1984 calvin picked up the phone first thing friday .
you telling me is one thing ; her telling me is quite another .
remember me and amy are flying first thing and people have been buying me drinks all night .
ill get to the bank first thing monday and see the funds are in my account .
the last thing i remembered before the car took off was me thinking , ` ` the nightmare became real . ''
next thing i knew , sissy 2 was calling the smiths .
the next thing i heard was him running down the stairs or hallway .
the happy thing was that a pretty boy with glowing hazel eyes came in and threw a struggling sissy 2 in .
the next thing i knew was that the air vent being banged open with a hammer .
the next thing i saw was a fat figure stopping us in our tracks .
the last thing i remember was the burly men falling down and getting up again and again as mr . johnston made more random turns .
next thing , i was carried to the van .
this is what the judge and town officials had hoped for in the trial and the very thing anne and mary had hoped to avoid .
but the only thing anne could think of was how very alone she was now .
she slept through the whole thing , anne said in disbelief .
not that he felt real hunger , which he was actually surprised about , but having a tasty meal would be a fun thing to do .
of course , he would never admit this in front of the tenacious , but he d seen enough strange things to be able to accept existence of yet another strange thing .
the girls went there to check it out , then , of course , went in , and then the same thing happened to them as to megan and the boys .
harrys mouth had nt shut during the entire thing .
they had both seen this very thing play out many times during the nearly fifty cycles since the imperium had invaded elandyssalways from a distancepassive observers to humanitys futile struggle against what amounted to global genocide .
and since that whole h1n1 thing , people are pretty much over vaccines and immunizations .
well , seeing as how were ambiguously exotic twin teenage girls , we could probably get some good internet fame , but i was mentioning all of this stuff to say that i was thinking that we should play off the latest popular thing which happens to be genetically - modified botox and organic implants .
if you consider an over - fried chicken sandwich and a thing of some salty - ass waffle fries the best .
millionaires are , like , the most awesome - est thing ever to happen to music .
for your safety and anyone involved , please tell me that the label did not set that whole thing up for a publicity stunt .
and the next thing i know , everyones calling me a blasphemer for making up jedi jesus .
that has to be the most pathetic thing i have ever seen .
the ironic thing is that danielles been pretty mature dealing with our relationship .
that restaurant thing and this accident is gon na get back to ms . di stacci and she s gon na think i m a fluke .
it was a thing i saw on the internet that i thought would be fun to try .
and another thing i learned she pulled a pair of sunglasses from her bosom and slipped them on .
next thing you know , the police are there towing away cars for trespassing , and the guy posted out fronts long gone with the money .
the thing is that we do nt know how all this stuff works here in the spirit world .
and i just do nt want to keep peoples lives in danger , so i kill the worst villains to make sure their brand of evil is just a one - time thing .
anyway , the thing is that i always thought mercy and honor was just stuff for kids cartoons and stuff because the real world does nt fight that way .
and there s this place on lexington that s one of the only places in the area that serves this thing called a blood sandwich .
you re the best thing that ever happened in my life .
if there s one thing i love , its being catered to by men who have absolutely no shot at this fine piece of latin artistry .
yeah , and the thing is that i did nt realize it , but both of them kinda started acting weird around the same time .
its the strangest thing ; i just ca nt seem to get a signal .
i tell ya , sweetie , if this kind of thing keeps up , we might have to move .
good job , k. , but did you all figure out what that whole kgb thing was about ?
the producers kinda want you to go to some rehab thing .
i do nt know if you heard but i have to go to some rehab - therapy thing tonight , and i just wanted to have some kind of fun today .
and as long as i ' m wearing this suit , ' he tapped smugly at the breast of his white overalls , ' there 's not a thing you can do to harm me . '
he explained how epilepsy can cause strange sights and smells before a seizure and how this whole thing could be traced back to the car crash .
you know the sort of thing . '
at the doorway the same thing was happening to the mob , and to morris and the bishop .
had he imagined the whole thing ?
that s because there s no such thing as following or , leading .
i remember that the last thing i saw before we closed the condo door was the painting by the window .
funny thing later on that same day , i was almost in the same position down by the lake i demonstrated the position using my arms .
in a few moments , the strangest thing happened .
he asked me to explain what i thought had happened to cause such a thing .
it was a rare thing to see him shocked , and i quite enjoyed it .
he had come out of the saloon just behind limpton , saw willy boy offer to help and the whole thing .
i m more willing to bet on a sure thing .
it was a bad time , but one good thing came of it .
she cried all the time , at the tiniest thing : tv adverts , pictures of kids , pregnant women in the street .
i m in the area tomorrow evening , ready for a meeting first thing monday .
the womans expression was apologetic , as if the worst thing in the world was interrupting a studious person .
wishful thinking i thought , but , one side effect of the new medication that had got me back into the land of the living was an increase in my libido , big time , and she must have mentioned this to simone because two months later i was having a dawn strike ( its a navy thing ) with sigourney when two things happened simultaneously , one , in the half - light i noticed that her hair had grown quite significantly - overnight , and two , the short haired version returned early from her morning jog with a twisted ankle , and coitus interruptused us .
following my first incident the caa at heathrow had , on receipt of the radar altimeter and all the extraneous bits and pieces , had re - assembled it on a test bench , and the same thing happened , it was out by four hundred and ninety - five feet .
following my gaze david said you do nt really think i would let you get into harms way do you , and sorry about that thing with the pilot , it was expected of me .
david is in desperate need of a break ; remember that thing in the art gallery ?
he jumped off a cliff to commit suicide after losing his fianc in that drugs thing in florida .
we - david and i , entered , and the first thing that i noticed was that the room was nt damp or musty ; it must have been only just below , below the ground , i thought .
he tried twice more , and the same thing happened as before , except that the final time there was no ringing , then raoul started to regain consciousness .
that was one thing that i was so looking forward to after the coming trials .
the picture of the old man , the young girl , and the acacia tree ; the ancient land represented by the tree , the wisdom of the people by the old man , and the energy and vitality of youth and things to come by the young girl .
the first thing that struck me as i started reading the first page was the date at the top .
he earned well for those days , taking wealthy tourists out hunting and that sort of thing , but they lived in relative poverty and nellie was forced to stay at home , looking after the children for as long as they lived and making ends meet where she could .
she said that she knew i had some issues to sort out and that perhaps this trip would be the thing that would help me sort out my life .
the second thing i could nt have been prepared for , as it was a feeling i have never experienced in quite the same way before or since that day .
after a few minutes , i felt clearer and even started to wonder if the whole thing had been a figment of my imagination .
i called out to some other people who must have seen the whole thing , but i was greeted with a wall of silence as they all just stared at us .
the same thing happened with maurice , my brother , as he had no interest in farming and so albert and i stepped into the family farming shoes , so to speak .
mr albert is very well known in these parts and i think he may have talked to some other people , as did i in an exhaustive search for the fiends that did this thing .
the next thing i knew , tara was shaking me and telling me to get up , it was time to go .
one more thing happened after i moved into acacia .
how she wished she lived in london , where this sort of thing happened all the time , or in one of those communes where the miracle of new life was celebrated rather than denigrated and reduced to a sordid act far from the sight of god .
raas smiled , and explained how the ` ` renzezvous with death '' thing was n't all that dramatic .
she 'd seen the same thing as a child some seventy years earlier , and the result had been the same .
it was quite deep this time of year ; another thing texans did n't advertise for fear yankees will come down and go yachting .
erik and ripley returned to the sarcophagus , knowing that bigfoot space aliens were immune to this sort of thing .
it was the darndest thing , he said , i ai nt never been lost around here .
i saw the whole thing from way over there .
the same thing happened to freddy .
i was way over there , but i seen the whole thing from over where i was .
for a navajo man that is probably the worst thing that could happen .
willie stood in front of us preparing to fight them both , but then a bizarre thing happened .
next thing you know , they re fighting .
he saw the only thing in this world he is afraid of .
but that was nt the worst thing .
the worst thing was the waiting , the evenings sitting in front of the shed waiting .
dylan could nt bare it , the waiting was the worse thing he had ever been through , all the questions , the unknowing .
he did nt blame them after some of the things he had seen in the forests .
that would be a fine thing , the isle of the skies is nice this time of year , thunderground noted .
no such thing as aircon in an old banger like mine .
it probably contained nothing more than a lot of old newspaper clippings , that sort of thing .
bryony was surprised to see jane so upset about a thing like that .
the same thing happened eight hundred years ago .
chapter 22- the creepiest thing i ve seen today fire bolts lanced from the spell wizards fingers .
that was by far the creepiest thing i ve seen today , said edwin , surveying the suit of armours dismembered remains .
also , another strange thing happened to me , a few minutes ago .
but one thing is very strange .
the same thing happened several more times .
then , an astonishing thing happened .
and after the real thing , the prospect of having a fake war on a screen just was n't very exciting any more .
the last thing i remembered in the cave was my father calling out my name .
the first thing i remembered when i came to was that i was n't cold .
we fell into an ice wolf - spiders nest , and the last thing i remembered ... she interrupted me , your father told me that they outnumbered you .
he slept through the whole thing .
now that i think of it , an odd thing happened before the dragon - harpy discovered him ; my observant - eye spell was severed between me and lyge , and i could n't see what was happening with him .
that s just another thing i do nt know .
the same thing happened to me that time you fell down those stairs when we were kids , adnan recollected .
they heard cursing , a sure sign that a human was involved , that this was not a natural thing .
funny thing though .
someone is going to get killed if this kind of thing keeps up , said frank .
there are lots of stories of that kind of thing happening .
they d start it first thing , try to get a little more water out .
in the words of the town mayor , one local man who had known jake terment since childhood , jake terment was the best thing ever happened to river sunday .
he paced the room and said , i do not understand how han could have allowed such a thing .
they had orphaned those two kids , for nothin , dying like this was too easy thing for scum like them .
the only thing that stands out , in my memory , was that it snowed on easter sunday , at fort leonard wood .
he trailed off as if he was going to say something else , but the only thing he did was smile and blink his eyes slowly .
funny thing about that book , said mr . miller .
i do nt know how that thing happened before i came back here , but i know i have to go back !
the next thing i knew i was face down on some carpet and a woman was walking around crying .
i gave it one good swing and the next thing i knew , i woke up on the ground in agony .
andrew could tell the whole thing had caught him off guard , so he reached his hand out and connor caught it just in time to keep himself upright .
because i dream about the fool thing all the time and its in the book ; i ve been looking for it for the past ten years .
chapter 6 the wastelands the scrubby little pine trees had disappeared and the most exciting thing any of them had seen since noon was a rust colored boulder with a mean looking lizard on it .
inevitably , erynn would get pulled into conversations or the story telling that friends or relatives were having with kaya and the whole thing could literally go on for hours , but this was the way things were supposed to be .
how many times do you think this rule can be broken before the bad thing happens , little one ?
the whole thing was happening exactly as he remembered it , but then he saw it happen .
i mean it does fit the sign and i ca nt imagine that s the type of thing that happens every day .
i m above us now watching the whole thing over again .
first thing this morning he just had supper with her .
` ` no , i do n't , but i should know when i get back to the base tonight or first thing in the morning .
a funny thing happened wednesday night .
then he said that the only thing wrong was there was n't much room for the bathroom .
out of the blue , i thought i d play around and try it , but as you and i both know , it never came true , but nonetheless , it filled one of our days with dreaming about such a thing .
i suppose you know that when someone has experienced such a thing that all those having experienced it know the other like the back of their own hand ?
they wo nt let me stay long so i will tell you now that i will be back tomorrow to see you , in fact , first thing in the morning when i wake up .
do i just ignore my feelings about this miami thing or should i question dennis and perhaps put him on guard for something that might prove to be innocent ?
the only good thing about school had been meeting rosie , my bff .
i thought that the one thing all gods wanted was for the people to believe in them and i have two boat loads of potential believers , children who will grow into adults thanking the day that the mighty thor helped them .
` ` i was n't expecting it , but this kind of thing happens all the time .
the worse thing that can happen is i 'll be sent back to my pimp empty - handed .
had this thing been a terrorist activity ?
in the first few hours of the video being posted to the web , some people called logan an information terrorist and condemned him for faking the whole thing .
they had watched the whole thing happen through the screens of those monitors down in the lab .
waiting was always a horrible thing ; the silence broken only by the crackling fire and his heavy mothers breathing .
how can i find out about this thing if it must be kept secret ?
it was the funniest thing tahir had ever seen .
i tumbled under the waves and the next thing i knew i was coughing up water around the bend .
he has seen things he never knew existed , and realized that if men ever became aware of this magical forest , they surely would seize it and kill or enslave its occupants .
the next thing i knew i was lying on the shore , confused and alone .
they d never had the pleasure of attending one of demetrius dinners , so this impromptu banquet was the most amazing thing they d ever seen .
i grew up without a dad , mom blaming me for every fucking thing that had ever gone wrong in her life , and i could nt wait to get out of there when i turned eighteen .
the only thing i was doing wrong was that i was nt enjoying the little things .
personally , it was the best thing to happen before the trip .
it is an enduring thing to ride alongside the gush of a singing river .
next thing i knew i was caught in the undertow .
the next thing she knew , the wagon was tipping over and onto its side .
next thing i know , i was runnin for my life .
sorry bout that whole tryintorobya thing .
next thing i know , i was completely terrified .
i m pretty hungry and tired from the whole thing .
its a terrible thing to go through .
next thing we know , his son alex shows up to eugenes smith shop and tells him mark passed away .
dangdest thing i ever saw . ''
as their eyes met , she did a strange thing .
` ` the thing is that the saying is only partly true .
but matthew was certain of one thing mr . preston was a genius .
` ` boys , i ' m no john audubon , but i ' m pretty certain of one thing .
` ` i did n't hear a thing , '' cordelia said , though she quickened her step just a little .
matthew desperately wished for the one thing that nobody had thought to purchase flares .
arbephest smirked inside at thought of such a thing .
i believe my husband is around there messing with the barbecue or some such thing .
` ` the only bad thing is she 's such a great basketball player .
i do n't want anybody around that long since you and dad always ended up arguing about some stupid thing .
her quick soft smile was the best and brightest thing he had seen for what seemed like weeks .
the strangest thing for me was grandma zofia whispering something .
it was just the usual thing in this city and for people of this age .
he got already used to her presence in his guest room as if it would be the most normal thing on earth and as if she already came to visit him for a long time .
to see how she was suffering gave him a great satisfaction , but it was n't the worst thing she was about to witness .
the last thing mia wanted to cause was to put sebastian or julian in danger .
it was n't the best thing to surprise her right now .
the only thing she was sure of , her grandmother should not be in jonass hands , even though she seemed to be happy about it .
this turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to gerry .
when your driving through americas forgotten land , the only thing you can look forward to when its your turn behind the wheel at 12 am , is the hour you re eventually going to get back ( even when its still hundreds of miles away ) .
but there was no such thing as too much ammunition .
want to know what s the worst thing about all that ?
and given his state of despair she was pretty sure that the whole thing had to be related to the death of the fire king .
it did nt tell her one thing though .
it was a beautiful thing to behold ; watching her self being put back together , how the broken pieces were molded into something new , something else .
` ` sure thing i reckon . ''
how had such a thing happened ?
truthfully , he did nt ascribe completely to the notion of such a thing .
a friend is always good to have if such a thing happens , and this , he motioned to the blade in progress , will be your friend when you feel you have no other .
there was no chance for such a thing now .
it was the most wonderful thing he could ever have imagined , to have children of his own , but also the most terrible , for it opened up a vulnerability he d never imagined could exist .
how does such a thing happen ?
it was the most wonderful thing that ever happened to her , to be rescued and swept away , like a dream .
but then , the night before his scheduled execution , a wondrous thing happened .
but even so , one just does nt see that sort of thing every day .
risen frowned , not nearly as certain as his father that such a thing was possible .
ravan demanded , vaguely remembering the livery man talk of such a thing .
another thing the movies got wrong .
i stood in shock for a few seconds at the speed of the whole thing , then snapped out of it .
another thing they got wrong in the movies .
suppressors wore out , another thing they never showed in the movies .
you made him look bad , and this whole pissing in his pants thing over at the prison .
he crowed loudly to announce his presence , a thing unneeded , as all never creatures experience a slight tingling in their fingers whenever peter is near .
and then , a strange and wonderful thing happened : peter pierced the dreamland haze and spotted rosalyn walking along the beach with blinkin hovering nearby .
the only thing was ... he talked to plants .
as the cold , slimy water rose to his waist , j wondered if such things ever happened to sam houston when he crossed the rio grande .
jo interrupted them , a slight ahem reminding him about the odor thing .
the last thing viewers saw was gordon paul duck for cover as a - bear beat the crap out of page bonham while police constables waited to haul him away .
i walked into the foyer and the first thing i heard was missy bitchy laughing it up in the kitchen with my dad .
the first thing we walked in on was bennet in the middle of a keg stand , his legs graciously being held in the air by our host .
` ` did n't that same thing happen with dave 's dad ? ''
and , the most amazing thing happened ; i got some shots of a coelacanth !
our friend matthew heres not a very good flyer ; in fact you could say he s a bit green about the whole thing .
next thing i realized i was in this flexi - bubble and tony talking to me in his funny dress .
cass did not even know there was such a thing .
he had seen this sort of thing once before , and he knew what to do .
i thought i d never live to see such a thing .
i ve seen this sort of thing before , but never in such dire circumstances .
i come up from the rio grande , and one thing everybody knows down there is that the soldiers from the north of mexico are the worst ones in the whole country of mexico .
about the only good thing that could be said by the time it had ended was that the weather had cooled into late fall .
but then a curious thing happened - one of the indians appeared on the opposite bank of the creek .
hawk , recalling the same thing happening to him , grabbed her hand before she had time to strike hank a second time .
only thing i m wondering is , which ones is the turkeys - them or us ?
you mean that whole thing was planned ?
bout the only good thing i kin think of is at least i wo nt have to live through another summer in the hell of texas , stewart replied in like measure .
and here is the strangest thing of all .
but thumbs - i never heard of such a thing .
but all of a sudden not be able to generalize their own what kind of thing .
so what was happening now , and could have been a really astonishing thing , it seemed to have become commonplace things like .
so what was happening now , and could have been a really astonishing thing , it seemed to have become commonplace things like .
this kind of thing certainly inevitable , unless , as your planet by a third party governance . ` `
in order to prevent such thing happen , they ordered each one who was still alive , must be carried out this genetic changed operation .the aim was to get rid of those self- worst instincts such as greed , selfishness , ambition , etc .
it meant only one thing : brye was here !
but a mysterious thing happened that made me reconsider .
the next thing i knew , i was on the ground !
except for one very dark thing that left a dent in it .
` ` this thing has now become a definite reality , '' maria stated .
last night houdi seemed to be quite laid back during the whole thing .
ditches , cover , that sort of thing . ''
` ` it might have been instinct , a natural dislike for leopards , that sort of thing .
we hope to be heading your way first thing in the morning .
he plunged in his other foot and the same thing happened , but it was too soon to think about emptying them .
it was the sort of thing you read about in books or saw on tv or in the films .
its the biggest thing sincesincethe last biggest thing !
its the biggest thing sincesincethe last biggest thing !
i ve had that feeling since we came through that doorway thing .
the next thing i remember was waking up gagged and bound .
perhaps the same thing happens before an asteroid hits , maybe - maybe , thought duke , we have less time than we thought meatball raised the binoculars and looked down into the valley .
the next thing i tried i did out of desperation .
that 's the only thing that made sense , and it also meant that the green knight had formed an unusual alliance with her .
but a curious thing happened .
i tried to blot out all the tingling sensations and focused instead on the one good thing i knew .
chapter 20 less than an hour later i realized one simple thing .
what a horrible thing !
the villains took it dear , i know it is awful thing for you to endure and i know you are too young to understand , but bad people do that my dear !
and that was the last thing she remembers about him .
the whole thing just happened so quickly .
he wo nt be aware what an uncommon occurrence such a thing is .
it is such an awful thing for a young boy to lose a parent , but his words were a beautiful testament to his fathers life .
the strangest thing happened a few weeks ago , something that has since uprooted my entire life , and i need to record it all while the conversations are fresh in my mind .
the last thing she saw was the stranger laughing and setting his hand over hiros wide - open eyes as if trying to calm him down .
and that was the very first thing i noticed since we touched down here in manilas airport naia .
sam said casually and took the tent right off his hands and shook his head like it was the most common thing in the world for their friend to act like an asshole .
are you sure were seeing the same thing , because he does nt even look human !
burning through when jennifer and robert stinson buy a beautifully restored victorian house , the last thing they expect is to share their home with a ghostespecially one with a penchant for setting fires .
why my brain insists on climbing back onto that hamster wheel and rehashing the whole thing over and over again , ill never know .
julia had to wonder if it were the kind of thing where everyone knew the story so no explanation was necessary , or if it were a subtle sense of shame that precluded any larger advertising .
this thing had nothing to do with her , julia martin .
one nice thing , i realizedleavenworth was not so small that everyone kept track of everyone else .
amnesias a funny thing .
beth is having the whole thing catered , and a little birdie told me that her handsome nephew will be there .
in those moments , the only thing that julie could do was rest upon the conviction that her fathers death was the worst thing that had and ever would happen to her .
one thing had nt changed since the party in the woods .
at its end was every awful thing she could ever envision , and her mind could do nothing but circle around apprehension .
next thing i know i m having dinner with all of them .
death seemed like the only thing that she could look forward to .
this was supposed to be the woman who loathed the idea of the trip in the first place because she had feared that this very thing would happen .
it seemed like the only thing to look forward to .
the silly thing is , our company is a drop in the ocean for them . ''
` ` you are the best thing that has happened to me , '' lem whispered in a serious voice .
making love to you is the most wonderful thing that 's happened to me for a decade . ''
` ` that was one thing the locals objected about . ''
` ` i know , but one thing led to another .
you are the best thing that has happened to my dad and me .
` ` you are the best thing that happened to john , kylena , '' fiona said .
fiona found the idea of having to look after caroline without kylena , quite daunting but covered her nervousness and assured her daughter - in - law , as she described her , everything was fine and , anyhow , john was on the farm if things went wrong .
the stooges have all passed beyond the bounds of time ; while physicists say that sort of thing is n't possible .
the only thing he 'd seen all day was a cat dash into the bushes .
he would ' ve left off the g. '' ` ` there 's one other thing , '' raas started , ` ` only i ' m not sure what to make of it .
` ` that mist thing .
anyway it was n't until the clock thing that ... oh well , no matter .
tylers family is safe however , because they were out of town when this thing happened .
she dreamt about her past , all the horrible thing which happened to her , the blood and darkness , the torture and murder .
he strode to the fore and called out in a loud voice , people , a bad thing has happened and we are all upset about it but let us not lose our purpose .
baer yelled over the din of rejoicing , we start first thing tomorrow , thus winning another day for the beasts to put on some weight .
everyone froze at such an unheard of thing , incredulous .
it was a most amazing thing to behold .
then a curious thing happened ; instead of jumping up and calling out joyously to his friends , his mouth clamped up and he could utter no sound .
it had been such a close thing .
that kind of thing happens to us , she said to them .
that kind of thing wo nt happen here , mason said , looking to oceanna but speaking to everyone .
and that s it : its a thing girls do to get dressed up .
so i go to the thing , but not to get converted , because i know that is such bunk .
we ca nt stop this kind of thing from happening out in the world , but now its in your own house !
we did nt have this kind of thing in idaho , gayland said .
that is a rare thing to find .
i went through the same thing when i first started to ride .
you see , we are leaving first thing in the morning .
last thing i remembered was you checking my back .
most of it was fairly simple , getting supplies together , clothes , that sort of thing .
one thing led to another and i was invited to share it with them .
other than a small animal they startled , the only thing they found was more dirt and debris that had been blown in by the wind .
now , the best thing that could happen is for the thief to die before he even gets to the treasure you re trying to keep hidden .
one thing led to another and before he knew what was happening , the whole place erupted into a free - for - all .
how such a thing came to be was something bella would never fully explain to anyone .
things change as things will and one day in the heart of winter , snow crisp and cleansing upon the ground , mr and mrs mckern arrived at the orphanage and signed the papers that meant tom could escape from that hellish place .
the enormous tree was certainly impressive and standing beneath it all those years before tom had felt strangely excited , as if at any moment some amazing thing might happen .
he and jack had somehow become lost in a place where things happened as they might in a dream .
he was aware that somehow he had brought this stranger out of the mirrors underwater domain , but what had taken place there to bring about such a thing he could not be entirely sure .
the sight of the man , his wife 's head somehow having been horribly transplanted onto his dead body , hanging like a rag doll from the tree , was by far the most terrible thing he had ever seen .
tom scanned the room for the hideous creature he knew rested there , not knowing what to expect but visualising the most horrible thing his imagination could contrive .
feeling the sharp pain it educed , he laughed aloud as if it were the funniest thing he had ever known .
he said , watching the undergrowth carefully and even before he finished speaking , the leaves of a small bush in front of him began to rustle and as tom looked on with widening eyes , an extraordinary thing happened .
as he spoke a miraculous thing began to occur .
at first it had been very difficult , what with the police investigating their disappearance and the extensive searches made of the surrounding area , but no trace had ever been found of them and for emily in particular , that had been the worst thing of all .
i have sailed these waters since i was no more than a pup and i ' m telling you there is no such thing .
pushing himself upright , he groggily looked around and the first thing he saw , to his great relief , was tom 's face ruefully regarding him .
and as tom gazed down at the hands of the warrior a miraculous thing occurred .
he went willingly and the last thing he remembered was a terrible wailing , somewhere in the distance , a cry of loss and fear .
an uncommon thing happened then which tom accepted as perfectly natural , his conceptions of what is possible having been irrecoverably altered .
for the first time in three days he smiled at a simple good thing as children played , but he did nt stop walking .
kanade surprised ethan as beneath the table she wound her hand with his as if it were the most natural thing in her life , like breathing .
celestia , the last thing i remember when it took too long the angered fire bird said well ?
at the foot of the stairs were two ogres who were warriors and saw the whole thing .
next thing they see is floa bringing her hands together .
next thing they know is they stood in their room , but all the flower petals were swept up and a large food basket waited on the coffee table .
but one thing ethan remembered was mjolnir grew in size , much like its wielder .
and the next thing i know is sharp pain , waking up , slugging thor and well you should know the rest .
the oddest thing that tony saw was empty paint cans ; brick red , judging by the color dried on the sides of the cans .
tony and charlie saw the same thing at the same time .
tony realized another thing that felt weird .
* * * july 5 , 1905 : today , the most incredible thing happened that i ca nt explain .
tony had thought the rice thing came when the bride and groom were leaving after the reception for the honeymoon .
clearly there are things out there that we do n't know about , but i can tell you one thing , its picked the wrong village to mess with .
funny things happen in the forest , bringing some special skills to our hunting team will be welcomed and they will both be included .
only one thing wrong with this statement - they wo nt ! !
sarge packs his rucksack the things that tinker had shown amazed and mystified them , but it did one additional thing too .
all the charges were ready ; spook had taken coordinate reading on the white dish thing out beside the river .
strange thing tho my junior was our second son .
the suns up , you ve made a whole night of this thing .
the second thing we have observed is something the ' clock team ' calls ' retrocausality ' ... ` ` retro ... what !
now the last thing i remember watching you all had left new orleans and moved to slidell , louisiana slidell , yeah you remember the place .
oh fuck , here it comes , the part where i burst out laughing and get thrown out of church group , the only possible thing on the planet that is more embarrassing than having gone to church group in the first place .
the last thing i remember is the slamming of a car door .
the last thing i remember properly was arguing with someone at the party .
it must have been a london thing .
sitting next to him though , with kyles arm around her , was a little blonde thing , louise , who i recognised from club z .
turning up to a rave sober would be too grotesque a thing to even contemplate , the sights and sounds would destroy a right angled mind .
it was a difficult thing to drop into a conversation .
its the best thing ever lu .
i felt like we were only going on because we were compelled to , like there was going to be some amazing thing waiting for us in the next greenhouse we looked inside of .
as i walked into the front room - cum - kitchen , the first thing i noticed were stacks of unopened boxes in the corners .
at a time like this though ; if it was just one thing , it was just spectacular .
the thing that is happening while you re murdering someone .
maybe i could say i was out walking and saw the whole thing .
al started laughing as if it was a normal thing to happen .
he thought to himselfwhat happens when the next person finds it , and the same thing happens ?
he began flipping through the channels randomly and the first thing that caught his eye was the old horror movie the wolfman .
he turned around to see the first spirit right next to him , and the strangest and most painful thing happened the spirit began to somewhat touch his skin .
all of a sudden the strangest thing happened .
will watched the whole thing .
then probably the worst thing happened .
next thing to happen starr was driving the car and they were racing down the main road downtown , taking out the undead crazily .
it was probably the most exciting thing that has ever happened for all three of them .
then the strangest thing began to happen ... everyone watched as a cloud of dark - gray smoke then appeared to rise up over the cat and began to grow .
the last thing i remembered was staring out the car window at the trees floating by and falling off to sleep .
the only good thing that i could think of was that i was finally out of the hospital .
now , i want both of you to come here first thing tomorrow morning and i 'll have somebody show you where you ll be working .
the first thing he saw was the climbers on the homemade ladder .
` ` that 's a thing i ' ve heard about los estdos undos , '' rodolpho said .
the thing 's gon na start about nine .
the jewish boy was totally winded by the exerting run , but he still had some strength left in him to console nora when she turned away from the whole thing and tightly hugged him .
gojan had told him a winner emerged from the fight only when he had either killed or incapacitated his opponent and he d decided to feign a serious wound halfway into the whole thing .
the whole thing tapered down to a bigger island surrounded by what appeared to be a deep river lying in thick undergrowth and the former cardinal still could nt establish where he was .
but during the day meal , when he went to find tosti in the main hall , a strange thing occurred .
our saxon kings tried to fight the vikings for over two hundred years , and it has nt accomplished a thing .
the two of them had waltzed some and , though it was nt how he d been shot , one thing had led to another as life usually did .
the very next thing the law would see was the intruder being seized by a two - dimensional egg who just happened to be passing by .
been using the same soap for ages and never a thing , but doc here guessed right off .
the only thing of any note were two strangers moseying along the south side of town .
however , if you and your friends gave a little more thought to the people around you , this sort of thing would nt happen .
spending three years of your life stuck with me ca nt be the worst thing that ever happened to you .
good thing you did nt order the sausages or i d be a liar , he told the kitchen at large .
i m surprised you had time to notice a thing like that , aspen commented , nice and easy like , and then tagged it with , given you were probably outrunning an irate mob at the time .
wilson knew his boss could not have seen a thing with his back turned .
the same reason most men ended up there or any place like it : a pretty girl stands just so , there s drinks , and music , things are happening , and no one asks too many questions .
now , thing is , my friend n mes a might particular bout the compny we keep .
what a peculiar thing to notice at a time like this .
something would click inside and , next thing he knew , he d gone clean through an entire regiment .
i straighten them out first thing , i do nt have to hang them later .
it was nt such an easy thing to forget whilst sitting on a bench right outside the self same office .
ifn i were you , then i d be a genlmun n would nt have me no choice but to tell ya on acount - a it bein the decent thing .
it had been a near thing , chaiko thought , and it was not going to ease any of chandars fears about crossing rivers .
that was makkao , cora said and both girls gave a high ringing laugh that was the least inhibited thing he had heard thus far among the tolmecs .
we will do that first thing tomorrow , chaiko declared , giving everyone time to adjust to what would be coming next .
eagle - on - high marveled at such a thing .
all the same , i find it a damn strange thing for them to do .
thus , out of resistance to this thing , he rebuilt the fire again and made ushi get some more wood .
cast your mind back at every little thing , and talk to me .
seeing dawns questioning look , he added , an outbreak like this seems to last about eight days , and we are into the fifth or sixth day of this thing after which it dies out like fire starved of wood .
then like lightning it flashed through the darkness of his confusion , with startling clarity , the one thing that they did that no one else did .
other people had been saved but only chaiko knew how close a thing it had really been .
well , i checked around , and it was really the strangest thing that yous ask now because , only for today , there is a traveling mercenary that can apparently read any unmarked map and identify its location .
if chaos is the bar - standard to surviving this thing ... udgd hates to admit it , ( so he wo n't , ) , but the reality is that he will need all the help he can get .
the regrettable thing is that udgd has never heard anyone cast a spell before .
for the next few minutes , mr . honkers and dto chat about one thing or another , as udgd and sisy fill their faces with the delicious stew .
sisy questions , having never heard of such a thing before .
udgd obviously does nt do jobs every day , its more of a weekly thing from what he s seen of him around the guild ; and even so , serious jobs like taking down cults and finding murderers only come up once in a while .
i ... you re right about one thing .
the three , and perhaps by extension five of them have become all the manlier for it , forging new , unbreakable bonds of manly friendship through blood and battle ; they feel pretty cool about the whole thing , especially when they killed that super manly dude .
elian turned to the next road and saw the same thing .
i saw the same thing happen to my sister .
one thing i had learned about rich people , however : they sure can drink .
the next thing i remember was propping myself up on one elbow , the wool blanket sweaty against my body , the humidifier vapor thick in the air .
the whole world population explosion thing would have never happened then the globe would occupy lesser folks of one billion mouths to feed instead of seven billion islander smiles and raises his personal switchblade , winking at fucner .
i shall ascend the mountain first thing tomorrow morning .
he was used to this kind of thing .
valerie said as if it was going to be a sure thing .
next thing you know , people are taking up permanent residence within the halls .
the last thing he remembered was breaking his morning eggs into the sizzling panthe same pan he d been using the past thirty years that sabrina said should be thrown outand a terrible pain in his chest .
screwy thing is , they built it for another purpose entirely .
and the way she said was like it was such an ordinary thing .
you re about to witness the most amazing thing to unfold right before your eyes .
errol thought he only saw such a thing in movies and cartoons .
there 's such a thing as excessive contact , zuko - san , she muttered .
before i could watch the little girl 's performance , i felt my wrist being tugged and the next thing i knew , i was away from the rings and towards the corner of the large room .
its bloom is a natural thing , a very breathtaking sight to see .
but the thing is the ants did nt understand anything either and continued their ant routine as before .
but the most interesting thing is that i liked him from the very beginning .
after having a cup of coffee , the guest began to talk about the purpose of his visit : an unpleasant thing occurred : our services have taken interest in the stranger and soldier sorry for interrupting , but who is of major interest ?
then , somewhat baffling thing happened .
once upon a time , i was in the army , and my commander used to say : the most important thing is to preserve the staff , and let things happen as they will .
i do not know how the thing happened .
cause i just pissed off all the way to the pluto ice belt that our us federal government missed this thing and got some good men and women killed .
man , that s the most exotic thing i ve ever seen with my naked eyeballs and hidden penis .
about one year ago antebellum house was a high school establishment for teen billionaires to school and then the same damn thing happened again .
someone answer me , how the hell did the jesus strand thing start ?
one thing he remembered about his baby sister though .
next thing you knew , there 'd be stores and restaurants and homeowners associations .
is it possible they were coincidences , kids , acting wild , people who do nt like indians , that sort of thing ?
the only thing i know for sure is that sophie was murdered .
next thing you know , she s dead and my house is tossed .
in any event , one good thing occurred .
it was to be a short - lived love , however , and the finding out of the awful thing that happened with her led me through such a strange and profound journey that was compelled to write it down , despite the simple , desperate motivation that began my journey .
and this was much more than just being a huge milestone for a young man after college , getting married to holly was really the only thing i had to look forward to currently in my life at that point .
the next thing i knew i was on his bathroom floor , my graduation gown still on , tears in my eyes , making him puke with my finger down his throat as he lay on my lap , half dead , yelling at him to wake up .
what was the next good thing ?
everyone thinks we still deal drugs and we are blamed for every fucking bad thing that happens here .
floyd looked back down the path we were on and stared at the approaching forest , but we are hearing things things that make me worry .
floyd looked back down the path we were on and stared at the approaching forest , but we are hearing things things that make me worry .
then that s a rare thing , chiefy .
she and ido had spent many days planning and daydreaming of just such a thing .
a murmur went through the lines , and the crowd in the back demanded to know if the thing had started yet .
a tragic thing .
for a time he was so lost in his thoughts that he noticed not one single thing around him .
next gill and ela came back tired of the whole thing .
the next thing he knew , he was naked on the ground and callie was naked on top of him and they were locked in a dance that was timeless , a fusion of souls for a purpose that only god could understand .
he scowled and denied it , but to make up for whoever had allowed such a thing to happen , opened a bottle of the good wine for dinner .
jimi liked that sort of thing , but maggie did nt .
the last thing hoffmann saw was a savage with hollowed eyes , firelight glinting off his high cheekbones , smoke curling from his nostrils like a demon .
it was the most frightening thing marissa had seen .
well , that s the interesting thing , jon said and glanced again at zandor .
even with his recent activity at the docks , it was the same thing night after night .
it was a rare thing to trust a man in this town , but then again jon was nt from sea haven .
it has become clear to me , this thing what castellan intends .
circumstances have come into play to bring this thing to an end .
it was probably not the last bizarre thing to happen to me for another month , let alone a day .
we were nearing the location of the thing i saw , and there were bones scattered all over the place .
i laughed silently , it had been the funniest thing i had seen the whole day and by the way i was feeling right then i needed that laugh .
the only thing i did was shake my head to say no .
i was kind of freaking out because this sort of thing had never happened to me before .
instantly he was right on top of me getting ready to deliver the final blow when the strangest thing happened .
he went through the same thing i had gone through , well in a way .
i turned my heads towards it and saw a faint small light , the only thing i could see and nothing else .
this had to the most repulsive thing i had ever seen firsthand , probably would never forget it for the rest of my life .
another troubling thing was happening , the lion under my control was coming after me too .
ebi had warned me that this sort of thing would happen if i ever tried to control an animal .
only thing i could not imagine was the helmets on their heads .
another scary thing i learned , she had many allies who were as powerful as her all over the world .
i looked through the other doors and noticed the same thing .
if i went alone to find tye the same thing would happen again .
the only thing i will repent is not killing you earlier .
instinctively recalling the saddest thing his mind can conjure in the moment , martas face after the suicide attack allows geist to rip a mighty wall of ice out of the ground as a forearm larger than his entire body sweeps down upon him .
he saw the whole thing chopping lumber with his dad last night .
craziest thing i ever saw , aqua breathes , shaking his head .
that was a routine thing .
was n't this sort of thing only supposed to happen on safaris ?
margaret had lived in africa for a long time and did n't find this sort of thing strange at all .
a big meeting was scheduled first thing at an office in town .
brooding about the whole thing , sitting on the hollywood swing and my dog sprawled out next to me .
it was an important source for place names and how things actually happened .
it was a rare thing indeed for breedlove to call him horace .
stupid thing is for some reason unknown to me , i actually like him .
and they re all heading towards this thing that s right in front of me .
it was just one damn thing after another as i finally regained one set of rains and looked up to see we were heading straight for the fence .
she spoke in a calm clear voice , what if someone injected a string of code , a virus if you will , and that precipitated the whole thing ?
a bad thing happened to you and it put you on a path that took you to frank .
you re telling me you do nt know where she is and now there s this jemima burck thing .
i hope not , but heres the thing .
it was one thing having a toke on a joint but he did nt see that whacking class a drugs up his nose was going to help his predicament .
crousti had nt noticed a thing and was still happily chatting about his car , do nt listen to toxico and the others , this car is good car ...
very funny thing !
one thing we are in the society , she continued , blowing on her tea and looking up coyly , is very - well connected .
our perfect score will have to wait for the real thing .
the most surprising thing of all , thought the captain , was that he had slept until noon .
he can go in there first thing tomorrow , but only if his wounds have dried .
the only thing i do nt like is that your father is helpless , and the last thing he needs is for you to be a brat , so just go along with it .
i was walking home from school in broad daylight when the next thing i knew i was here , looking at the scariest monsters i d ever seen .
the last thing he recalled was being in the police car when a bright light flashed and he was in his colorado home , standing in his living room , facing this angry man who was threatening his life .
the last thing bauman saw was justins fist heading for his face .
out of the darkness screamed terrors , darker than the darkness , wrapping themselves around each man , filling each man with paralyzing fear , the only thing to break that fear was a sudden attack .
all dark and menacing , sounding like i m having an asthma attack well maybe at that hero con thing ( laughing ) yes old friend , i ca nt wait to come back home either ill be waiting for them i will want to stop by the cemetery before i do yes yes well with a new body will come new hope , eh ?
sad thing is , well get it all back , one day .
i wish i could tell you some story about some childhood thing , some trauma , but that just is nt the case .
so i said no , and next thing , iris was bein dragged out the back by those crater - faced punks .
well , if he rebuffed an attack from the deaconess , and had the guts to shoot her in cold blood , then i imagine he s ready for the whole thing .
an aide saw the whole thing out the window and phoned us both !
eliza joined in on their conversation saying that she and her brother and sister saw arafat and the whole thing unfolding .
aint no thing , who really cares ,   answered marla trying to downplay it all , like she was a strong girl for living there .
its a natural thing dogs do when they are excited .
marla was the one who started the whole thing , mr . averberg ,   said one sixth grader .
he was used to this type of thing .
the rest of the kids sat quietly and looked on , as if it was a normal everyday thing that eliza was in a bit of trouble .
it was not their way to force a thing before it was ready , or to ruin a happy moment with bad news .
either they really buried the marihuana there and intended to make it harder for him to dig it up , or more likely , the whole thing was a ruse .
then they were gone , leaving him wondering if the whole thing had been a dream .
the next thing i know i m showing folk across the border .
harpie wants to tell you thanks , gisbo , she saw the whole thing down there , rolce said beaming , refusing to tear his eyes away from his little eagle .
you may now return to your housings and i will see you first thing tomorrow !
like i was a crowd member , a witness to the whole thing , rolce continued .
it was the most horrible thing i ve ever seen , rolce said , shaking as he said it .
only thing worse is punching a baby or something , gisbo said .
the whole thing did not really advance the plot very much , in fact it makes the plot weaker by removing the one person most directly responsible for alexandras death about thirteen hundred words earlier .
` ` that does nt tell me what it does , '' jim said , ` ` i mean the only thing it ever did was cause an orgy '' ` ` it does more than that , '' reizvolle told them , the words rolling sexily off her tongue , ` ` it creates the urge for them , just bringing it through that town created that orgy '' ` ` oh my , '' jim said , ` ` d.c . is bad enough can you imagine if they brought that thing in '' ` ` it would be chaos , '' adam grinned , ` ` beautiful , sweet chaos .
jim asked , ` ` man , look at the smoke coming from that ridiculous thing someone is gon na be annoyed we killed their snowmobile '' jack watched as a lift came over the edge of the hill , empty in this case except for a young kid sitting on one side and watching the whole thing from his seat .
` ` if this plot seems wholly rotten , '' jack sang , ` ` there s something you ve forgotten , and those are called plot holes and that sort of thing when the plot is in the dumps , play your silly chumps , just plot yourself into a corner that s the thing and '' the annoying french cop joined in with the chorus this time , as did jims wife and a few stray mooks that meandered up onto the plot line now that the fighting was over .
` ` if this plot seems wholly rotten , '' jack sang , ` ` there s something you ve forgotten , and those are called plot holes and that sort of thing when the plot is in the dumps , play your silly chumps , just plot yourself into a corner that s the thing and '' the annoying french cop joined in with the chorus this time , as did jims wife and a few stray mooks that meandered up onto the plot line now that the fighting was over .
i guess it just comes down to one thing .
in fact , the only thing that surprised genghis was the team he sent for the bombs themselves got bombed , in a huge explosion that cooked a few thousand marathoners .
the entire country would then fear the same thing happening to them , and demand the government pull front line troops back in useless static defense positions .
i miss her so much it hurts , and the only thing that eases the pain is punishing her rapists .
funny thing is , we went back to get some more , and dropped it again .
one thing led to another and soon i found myself very much on the inside and feeding stories and details to joe at ann .
` ` mike , sorry about the security thing .
they got loose and , well , one thing led to another .
at one level , we build and release free gpl open - source software for things like firewalls , virus scanners , that sort of thing to the general public .
he runs the security crew , the bouncers and that sort of thing . ''
all they needed was access to your online bank statement and they have sources , you know , for that sort of thing . ''
one thing led to another and i moved up quickly in the organization , as was my goal , of course .
the reply , ` ` sure thing , '' echoes from across the expanse .
one thing led to another and next thing , i had stock options , then the buy out .
` ` yeah , i guess that sort'a thing would cut into your home shopping channel time . ''
next thing a window appears on one side of the screen with a street map of omaha with a blinking red dot on the street outside .
` ` oh , i use linux a lot , especially for server apps , that sort of thing .
the lobby is divided into a reception area , a sitting area and a dining room with dividers of plants , water fountains , that sort of thing .
` ` every thing 's normal downstairs .
pick up this , deliver that , the drug store buys , all that sort of thing .
stupid thing , kinda made me feel important . ''
some thing 's gone real wrong .
anyway , there 'd be too many questions about how we caught them , why we did n't turn them in , why they were at the club , that sort of thing .
` ` we did n't have much to do with them , they mainly worked in joe 's warehouse and drove his trucks , that sort of thing , '' add bob .
` ` when we go in , i want lots of noise , a few shots into the ceiling , that sort'a thing .
there was no more response , but that slight sound had been the best thing cael had ever heard , easing the hard weight he 'd carried in his chest a bit .
prepared for the move , henry swung out , passing the kremloc dagger through her ... and nothing not a damn thing happened .
one thing i noticed , the babe on nemusmar was like a blossom in a garden .
she held her still , glared into her eyes and said to her , ` ` ' t is the loveliest thing i ' ve ever seen upon you , sophie .
i wanted no partno participationin this terrible thing . ''
` ` would that i could ' ve done the same , '' said cynthia , ` ` but i was too caught up in the emotion of the thing .
he told me the strangest thing to happen recently was a nosy traveler asking if anything strange had been going on .
the only thing i did n't doubt was the success of their experiment , their aura of raw power was only matched by the terror they instilled .
what the hell did you do , wake up and decide to base your supervillain career on the first thing you saw ?
abusive childhood , death of a loved one , ruination of a company , that sort of thing .
and , yeah , most of it goes into maintenance and supplies and that sort of thing , but still nice nest egg .
the last thing i saw was another rifle butt zeroing in on my face .
imagining that there might conceivably be such a thing as reincarnation , i tried to envisage what rembrant would be like if he came back .
a curious thing happened : the rest of the city stayed awake .
the next thing she knew she was on the floor with her jaw hurting and coursa standing over her .
he smiled , and it was the saddest thing jain had ever seen .
he seems to be the one thing you did nt plan on .
` ` no , ma'am , i ' m sure- '' before he could finish his sentence , though , the last and by far most bizarre thing of the day occurred .
they never talked about it ; edgar was afraid to jinx the whole thing , and he had no idea if tick even realized anything out of the ordinary was happening .
tick did receive one exciting thing in the mail : a package of free spaghetti and sauce from frupey the butler .
` ` but ... what about the gnat rat thing , and the tingle wraith ?
i see one suspicious thing and i ' m ending this .
it was such a bizarre thing , she could n't believe she 'd heard him correctly .
it had been a near thing , winking him away as fast as he had .
the train thing was gone as soon as it had come , and the glass melted upward , closing the door and reforming until not a single blemish or mark revealed it had ever been there .
but then , like always , he saw one last thing in the dream before it ended .
chapter 19 the train thing a shot of elation and relief surged through tick 's nerves , like he 'd been rescued from a burning building .
when paul asked him why they had n't used the elevator , phillip responded with a baffled look , as if he 'd never heard of such a thing .
but the thing that made tick 's mouth drop open was the realization that sally was a realitant .
it was , without any doubt , the most horrific thing sato had ever witnessed , and he knew he would spend the rest of his life trying to purge it from his memory .
but after all they 'd been through - after all the things they 'd seen chu do to them - he knew the warning scrawled across the wood was for real .
` ` but it was probably just a freak thing and will never happen again .
then , a very strange thing occurred to her .
chu looked utterly stunned , and it was a beautiful thing to see .
he screamed again and sent waves of chi'karda crashing out of him , focusing on the strings of frozen lightning as if the whole thing were a video game , his mind the joystick .
chapter 23 jane 's talk tick did n't need one more thing to feel guilty about , and for once he 'd been taken by surprise .
lorena could do nothing but sit and hold her daughter and imagine all the awful things that might have happened , or might be happening , to her sweet , sweet son .
` ` seems like we ca n't get ahead before the next bad , awful , terrible thing happens .
when he touched the railing and took hold of it , an odd thing happened .
i will visit him first thing tomorrow morning .
a terrible thing , lad , no being able to taste a bit the publican said .
to lose our home is a terrible thing that pains our hearts like the death of a close friend .
i had heard tales of such a thing in my classes .
that was just a one - time thing .
well , said khavi , the thing to remember with gnomes is they struggle and squeal , and they really are terrible monsters , but they bleed , and they die just like anything else .
this time faala seemed to enjoy the whole thing more , although it obviously still pained her .
but that s the thing , said faala .
the last thing jedra had seen was the gnome crush her freshly laid egg .
the last thing i expected being force - fed his stuff in the back of this van was to be turned into a fan , but that s exactly what happened .
this kind of thing probably happens to every lame - ass , lovesick kid , but there were moments i was convinced those songs were written about me and karla .
what s this liminality thing you guys keep talking about ?
and then , the weirdest thing happened .
the same thing could happen to you .
the last thing i expected down here was for my complexion to be an issue .
but beth said that these hashmals they have eyes for this sort of thing .
i reached and touched the ground with my fingertips and the same thing happened , the sand dimpling inward without me touching it .
i do nt want her to see a damned thing that were doing .
its just in frelsi i could nt imagine such a thing .
he wanted to laugh , every time , when they finally figured out that good ol danny boy had engineered the whole thing .
there were witnesses , who walked in on the whole thing , but they were looking to buy and they were high already .
he had missed the militia tryouts yesterday , but if the rumors were truethey could nt be ; he would know if such a thing were possible in his own family .
but such a thing was nt possible with tealatte , the drink being a stimulant that excited the nerves and senses .
what was that thing with iibala ?
this is exactly the sort of thing i feared , lapo muttered .
i do not see how the circumstances can permit such a thing to happen , towhat ?
i m not used to this sort of thing either , but i ve been through one recently , my first .
failure was probably the worst thing any person in coe baba could imagine .
odd thing to think about .
sir nickleby liked to tell stories of the places he had been to , from coe kiki to pinal , the za desert and urso , and the things he had seen , describing battle stratagems and the carnage , what it was like to meet the king , and all of the different people he had met as well .
its creepy in a way ; i have never heard of or seen such a thing .
eyes rolling back into her head , she saw one last thing before she lost consciousness .
you take me to your army and it wo nt do a thing .
the only thing that shifted him was a gasp .
` ` how did i beat this kind of thing the last time ... .. ? ''
that would be a fine thing !
lo put his hand to his temple and tried to imagine the absolute worst thing that could happen if she found out .
now do n't get me wrong , antoine 's the best thing that ever happened to her -- but that mother fucker -- he ai n't never been nothing but trouble for this whole family .
i believe that when things of this nature happen , that they happen for a reason -- and only the man questioning can place the true value on that reason ... sir .
okay -- i ' m going to show you a couple of pictures , one at a time , and i want you to tell me the first thing that pops into your mind .
even a thousand years ago when that kind of thing was rampant .
it was a horrible thing to suffer , waking in the night to our childs screams , unable to help him moodey choked and sobbed , and most of the crowd dabbed their eyes and shook their heads .
echo said , and they recounted the whole thing in detail , laughing until their sides hurt .
sad thing , though , when they fought that sorcerer , she broke his staff and was blinded .
keebos furious scream was the most beautiful thing echo had ever heard .
at first i thought they had some freaky queer thing going on , but as i had one eye open , it seemed this other soldier had his mouth to jacks neck .
i saw similar things too , man , richard said , tapping an ash into the communal ashtray .
there s so much to see , i do nt want to miss a thing !
come on , this sort of thing has happened before .
you know that type of thing is nt tolerated in brankin huoh .
before he blacked out he could see the same thing had happened to lozan .
if it was n't for his own ability to feel life force from things such as trees , there is no way he would have believed such a thing was possible .
that sort of thing , '' braulor said , continuing his thought process out loud .
that sort of thing was common , and by itself punishable by death , but braulor had also excelled at the black market trade which the citadel wanted to put an end to .
braulor had done this several times , sneaking a quick look back in the hopes that he would catch sight of the same thing he had seen back on the beach but it never happened .
braulor followed the path of tagans gaze and spotted the same thing .
i wanted that same confidence to return that i had first thing that morning .
we will go first thing in the morning and get it over and done with .
he wanted her close , yet that nimbus thing .
on her and the familys visit out to mister lynchs cottage not long ago , she had trouble imagining bad things happening in such a serene place .
even though he had the physical tools , using them in aggression was a rare thing since high school football .
if you spend a great deal of time moaning and groaning about your life , complaining , whingeing to anyone who will listen , and dreaming about something better , only one thing will happen .
i 'll put you on the easy cases to start with , maybe just a little paperwork for now , lost cats , wayward mail , that kind of thing .
a funny thing happened when i did .
as soon as i concluded that , a funny thing occurred ; magic , pure and simple , seemed to fill me up .
ill be there first thing .
i just came from the garage and saw the darnedest thing .
# wes had been right about one thing .
rhanes eyes were doing that glittering thing again .
that s actually the thing i need to talk to kali about .
his companions were known as the amazing five , the most amazing thing being there were only three of them : offal , a ghoulish fellow said to be doc 's cane - carrying lawyer ; pilgrim , a large blank - faced fellow notable for his big hands and lack of personality ; and hbert , a round , hulking character in a bear costume .
` ` one thing puzzles me . ''
one good thing did come from all this .
he herded raas out the door and down the stairs , all the while mumbling how this sort of thing never happened when he was with that other company .
i appreciate you telling us about this thing , but we need to know something before we start .
perhaps it had been a church thing , but it really did nt matter .
i swear i ve been seeing the same thing every time the lightning lights up the woods .
and it was the last thing her eyes ever saw .
the trees were spaced evenly and allowed for plenty of room to move , although the hunter knew that deeper in the more clustered and narrow things would get .
then clyde turned his head noticing the same thing .
he has n't caught a thing in weeks .
next thing i knew i was being bitten and they were trying to drag me to the ground .
the next thing he saw was leo standing over the beast 's head .
` ` and you ca n't let the same thing happen to them , '' serena finishes for him , dropping her hand to her side .
it was first thing tuesday morning , and roxanne sat wearing her executive suit , at her executive desk , in her executive office .
instead the strangest thing ever happened .
the same thing happened at the next three houses .
he was curious about beer , recalling that it was a pleasant thing .
you have no idea how hard it is to get plans for such a thing , the smith said .
we go first thing tomorrow morning , he said .
and is howling in prague an odd thing for a wolf to do ?
the force introduced valentino to a new level of fear , but his terrified curiosity gave him the courage to witness a great thing that transcended proclamations of good and evil .
the assault on regis , raphael , and carlo came to mind and he feared some similar thing had happened to altea .
poor thing you still do nt get it , do you ?
she hoped this was nt a one - time thing for them .
it collapsed a second later in a rain of fire that was the last thing either of them would ever see .
arin must have seen the same thing .
that was about the only thing they had nt done the previous day , dasen thought as he put his hand on her forehead .
in all his reading , he had never even conceived of such a thing , and it made the creature all the more inexplicable .
arin knew about this thing and was giving it a name .
she stood for a long moment trying to decipher their words but could not make out a thing .
finding the forest masters was the best thing that had happened to them since the joining ceremony .
leave fightin that thing ta those of us ai nt got nothin ta live fir .
the apology you extracted from arin is a rare and powerful thing .
no , kaylie had been murdered , a thing unheard of in the forest world .
this sort of thing is outside a rangers regular duties .
the whole thing got blown out of proportion .
the other gryphons were helping them fight it , a thing unheard of .
nolan glanced around and saw an odd thing .
i have no experience with this sort of thing , he said .
an entire wolf pack , maybe even two packs combined , though nolan had never heard of such a thing .
` ` probably it 's some kind of touristy thing , '' nora said dryly .
has this sort of thing happened before ?
if i understand my great - grandmother and my great - aunts , there 's always a giant evil lake monster thing , isabella said .
doors , weaknesses between worlds , that sort of thing tend to happen on edges .
but when the family gets together , she 's got stories about how she had a feeling before this bad thing happened to cousin jorge , and then jorge says abuela was absolutely right .
` ` it 's better that abuela is mad at me than if she 'd come home to that thing .
well , one thing 's weird .
oh , so like some great battle of the millennium thing ?
do n't tell me you guys have n't thought some thing 's been off lately ? ''
` ` i did n't know that sort of thing was genetic , '' leah replied .
they need more time , smoke speaker had replied , closing his eyes as though believing that such a thing would not happen .
the last thing she wants to see is more slaughtered hatchlings .
none of their teachings or ancient texts even hinted such a thing is possible .
` ` i saw the whole thing !
the only thing i can remember is she started .
especially when its the last thing you will ever see .
its as if somehow , one thing at the very least has been made right in this world .
this is the worst possible thing that could happen .
a new king is the most exciting thing to happen to clashpeak since the refugees started pouring in , but that is no reason for me to drift off .
the hope was that the king would arrive with an army before such a thing happened .
finally she said , it was the strangest thing i ever did see , jason .
well be leaving first thing in the morning .
but was it a fair thing to ask ?
the same thing has happened to the people of the leper colony .
first thing , reaper and sheba padded over to him .
the evil grin of sigard ryeholt was the last thing he saw in this life .
the only good thing from the experience of the storm had been that their food was preserved in a frozen state .
ridmark had never heard of magic that could do such a thing .
the arrival of your kindred a thousand years past was the first new thing to happen upon this world in millennia .
the only thing that could make an urdmordar show herself is the return of the frostborn .
the man held his weapon competently , but it would have been the easiest thing in the world for ridmark to swing his staff and break the freeholders wrists .
this cage you mean to build , i have never heard of such a thing .
all our misfortunes fell on us when this thing came upon us .
sliding my arm around her smooth young shoulders , i said , that is nt the worst thing i saw today .
chapter nine i reported to king temas first thing the next morning .
many of our legends describe that kind of thing .
it would have been the easy and comfortable thing to walk down to the pier and row myself out as i had when i took the young king to see the ship .
then i felt right through his belly the start he gave right as his wildly rolling eye caught sight of what i 'd brought him up here to witness , a thing that haunted the nightmares of sailors since the dawn of time .
the only thing worse than a kember killing another kember was one who took the life of a drea .
one more thing i wished i d never see again .
unless the whole thing was a dream : mr . sorenson , aiden pissing me off , the girlmy thoughts swirled in confusion .
the next thing i knew , he was blurting every profanity i thought .
the things that happened in the forest , i could handle .
the last thing he wanted was for someone to find out you were nt normal .
the next thing i knew , aiden was shaking me awake , saying something about noon .
i woke up , and the last thing i remember was going in for a drink last night ...
it was the same thing that always happened next when you pissed off someone like zarach .
a good , obedient elven bitch like you would be a rare thing , remarked zarach , still clenching a clump of her hair as he kept her face at his swollen groin , forcing her face up along that lengthy shaft .
it would be the most horrifying thing to lose ones wife and child .
the horror of such a thing ever happening to one of my own children frightened me into never birthing any .
oh , it was the scariest thing i have experienced , well , at least until i was almost drowned by the nukkern !
i will see her first thing in the morning .
now that would be a fun thing to try !
the loss of your life has been the hardest thing i have had to endure , but now , having you stand here in front of me , i realize that the pain has all been worth it , just so i can see you and marry you again .
the horrifying realization that she could encounter the same thing with this man sent her staggering backward into the house .
such a thing had nt happened to him in years , and while it was unacceptable , it was also proof positive that kara was indeed a matched conductor , and a very powerful one at that , no matter how much she might deny it .
well both see the same thing .
he scratched absently at the flaking skin of his hands it is no rare thing for an abbey to be ruled by a mindless dolt and here he smiled , showing more missing teeth and swollen , discoloured gums .
would it not be a wonderful thing to overcome disease and poverty , hunger and old age ?
but now , an incredible thing was happening .
` ` next thing , you 'll tell me you ca n't smell the lilacs . ''
there were a couple of chairs open beside him , and i knew that it would be the most natural thing in the world to take a few steps forward , to put my glass on the table , to sit beside him .
the same thing had happened when i 'd tried to confirm my wish for a better job ; i 'd found myself spewing modifications to my own words , new thoughts , details , explanations .
it was the last thing he saw as edward plunged the sword straight through his heart .
this crazoid on the pole was the only interesting thing to happen so far .
its an area that no ships go to , strange things happen there and ships have gone missing .
at the beginning of the trip she never thought such a thing was possible .
alex has planned the whole thing and he wo nt tell me a word about it , she turned to give alex the floor .
this is the best thing that has come out of all this .
first thing tomorrow morning .
a miraculous thing happened when he did that .
i just wanted to get it out of the way first thing and to see if any clues were here .
that s the last thing i want to happen .
that would be the only thing to change me , if you are nt happy with me .
this type of thing is supposed to happen in braov where legend said that dracula , vlad the impaler actually , had his castle , where gavril now lives , not in sinaia .
` ` the wrath of god can be a terrible thing .
she also found the pictures of queen marie , only two , but here was the interesting thing .
one thing alex experienced that she would have never anticipated .
such an amazing thing . ''
her own childhood seemed such a distant thing , and she was only nineteen .
` ` never heard of such a thing . ''
` ` you were going to tell me what you meant about that ' end of me ' thing , '' said jaklin .
once inside they exited the van , and the first thing alex did was bite a servant girl and then the young man caretaking the grounds who tried to pull alex off her .
savage looked again to the front and saw the same thing he d seen before ; sand .
it was the biggest thing to hit town since the local sheriff returned from vacation and showed everyone bread could be sliced with a knife !
i got down on my belly to try and get a good look in the water , but it was so full of algae that i could not see a damn thing .
there are some things that happened in blur that i want to address , as many people have questioned the instant romances that took place in the story .
was she imagining the whole thing ?
if he was affected by the same thing as she was , saeunn could not tell .
that was an impressive thing , elec thought as he strode forward , his enchanted blade held out before him , gripped tightly in both hands .
the next thing the high priest witnessed was the dwarfs powerful fist connecting with nimairas jaw , all but knocking the woman unconscious .
it had been put in place hundreds of years ago specifically for this kind of thing , after all .
my friend , i pray you , do not make me shudder at the supposition that such a dreadful thing as this is at all possible .
there is no use of remaining here for the present ; let us see how far this thing extends .
at the spring thing the next summer snorri claimed his fathers heritage from bork .
the case went to the thorsness thing , and snorri the priest took up the case for thorbiorn his brother - in - law ; but arnkel the priest defended the case for geirrid his sister : a jury of twelve should give a verdict thereon .
chapter xvii strife at the thorsness thing ; snorri goes between .
at this thing thorgrim kiallakson and his sons strove with illugi the black about the jointure and dowry of ingibiorg , asbiorns daughter , the wife of illugi , which tii1forni had had in wardship .
at the thing great storms befell , so that no man could come to the thing from midfell - strand , and a great drawback to thorgrims strength it was that his kin might not come .
at the thing great storms befell , so that no man could come to the thing from midfell - strand , and a great drawback to thorgrims strength it was that his kin might not come .
thereafter thorarin and his men went in , but thorbiorn rode off with his folk , and they put off the case to the thorsness thing .
the next spring on a day arnkel called to him for a talk thorarin his kinsman , vermund , and alfgeir , and asked them what kind of help they deemed the friendliest for them : whether they would ride to the thing ; and that we expend therein all our other friends , said he , and then one of two things may hap : either that peace will be brought about , and then will your purses be shaken in atoning all who were slain there , or were hurt before you .
that too may hap for one thing if the riding to the thing is risked , that the troubles may wax , if so be the case is defended over - fiercely .
but when that time came round snorri gathered men , and rode up into swanfirth with eighty men , because it was then the law to give out the summons for blood - guilt in the hearing of the slayers , or at their home , and not to summon the neighbours till the thing .
so when snorri came to lairstead , no greetings there were betwixt them , and then snorri summoned thorarin and all those who had been at the slayings , to the thorsness thing .
in the spring vigfus brought a suit for the wounding to the thorsness thing , but snorri set forth , that biorn should be made guilty for the blow with the staff ; and the end of the case was that biorn was made guilty , because of the onslaught on helgi , and got no boot for his wound , and his arm he bare ever after in a sling .
at this same thing thorgest the old and the sons of thord the yeller brought a case against eric the red for the slaughter of the sons of thorgest , who had been slain in the autumn when eric fetched the settles to broadlairstead ; and very thronged was that thing ; but before it they had sat at home with crowded followings .
at this same thing thorgest the old and the sons of thord the yeller brought a case against eric the red for the slaughter of the sons of thorgest , who had been slain in the autumn when eric fetched the settles to broadlairstead ; and very thronged was that thing ; but before it they had sat at home with crowded followings .
while the thing was toward , eric fitted out a ship for the main in erics - creek in oxisle , and in aid of eric stood thorbiorn vifils son , and slaying - stir , and the sons of thorbrand of swanfirth , and eyolf , son of aesa of swineisle .
but out of those that furthered eric , stir alone was at the thing , and drew away from thorgest all the men he might .
stir prayed snorri the priest not to set on eric after the thing with those of thorgest , and gave his word to snorri in return , that he would help him another time , should he be holden by great troubles ; and because of this promise snorri let the case pass by .
after the thing those of thorgest sailed with many ships into the islands ; but eyolf , son of aesa , hid erics ships in dimons bay , and thither came stir and thorbiorn to meet eric ; and then did eyolf and stir after the fashion of arnkel , for they went in company with eric , each in his own skiff , as far as past ellidis - isle .
we finally decided on the potters field , because practically every body in christchurch was embalmed ; a thing of course ruinous to wests researches .
there was a time , when i d just as soon have thought of asking a young shark to supper with me in my own cabin as a lawyer , but i begin to see that there may be such a thing as a decent , good sort of a fellow seen in the law ; so heres good luck to you , and you shall never want a friend or a bottle while admiral bell has a shot in the locker .
thank god , the thing is over , said mr . edison .
the winter wore , and in the spring arnkel set afoot the case for the slaying of vigfus against all those who had been at the slaying , except snorri the priest ; but snorri set forth a cross - suit for the unhallowing of vigfus for plotting against his life and for the wounding of mar ; and men came thronging on both sides to the thorsness thing .
in the spring snorri set forth a case for the thorsness thing , at the hand of arnkel , for the slaying of the thralls .
so snorri pushed the case on , and set aside arnkels claim to a verdict of not guilty ; and thereafter men busied themselves to make peace , and a bargain was come to , and those brethren , stir and vermund , should be umpires in the case ; and they put the thralls at twelve ounces each , and the money should be paid there and then at the thing .
thereafter men depart from the thing , and arnkel and snorri misliked them of this end to the matter , but thorolf thought worse yet of it , as was well meet .
now were these tidings told , but all was quiet through those seasons ; but the next spring snorri the priest set on foot a suit for the slaying of hawk to be heard at the thorsness thing , and arnkel another for an onslaught for the unhallowing of hawk .
both sides had great followings at the thing , and men pushed forward the cases eagerly , but such was the end of it that hawk was made guilty for the onslaught , and snorri the priest was nonsuited .
therewith men ride home from the thing , and there was much ill- blood betwixt men throughout the summer .
but they all agreed on one thing : someone had claimed to be cheyne reborn .
there was one thing carly knew .
a nice juicy burger at his favorite greasy spoon sounded like just the thing to end the day .
part of him wanted that very thing to happen .
for some reason he seemed a little bored with the whole thing , as if he was used to subies antics and just going through the motions .
she still had no idea what sam was angry about , but this party seemed like just the thing to put him completely out of her mind .
the next thing he knew he was tumbling down the incline .
i saw the whole thing , randall , jenkins stated .
you re the best thing to happen to me in a long time , and even though i know i do nt deserve you .
the last thing he remembered was flying through the air after he 'd been tossed aside like an empty sandbag .
hell , i barely believe me , and i watched the whole thing .
he marched off through the gloom and stalked into the kitchen where every eye looked upon him in terror ; they knew to their very souls that they looked upon death this night and that it would be the last thing they ever saw .
this magician and his necromancy is also a thing to chill the blood .
corbin shook his head in wonder , amazing , but i have seen stranger things still in this place .
they had seen all the strange things that happened in that place and were quite ready to be back in the real world where such things did not occur .
nay father , said one of the elders as till now silent companions , perhaps for your generation it is a thing undreamt , but for mine it is a hope fulfilled !
the last thing grim saw was kiprils stony face softening with pity and a small shake of his head , as if he read the mans question in his eyes .
continued corbin , this village was the first to hear of the master and such was the overwhelming excitement that many an eager pilgrim has set out to tell others of this wondrous thing they have heard .
the boy seemed to glow and his mother fought valiantly to restrain her grief in anticipation of their parting , for she knew somehow that this thing must be .
the boy replied , she ran away from home to prevent this very thing .
the next thing she was aware of was nick banging urgently on the bathroom door .
but atonement was settled for the slaying at the thing , and the only outlawry was that thorleif kimbi should abide abroad for three winters , because on him was laid the death - wound of arnkel .
that same spring at the thorsness thing , thorleif kimbi fell to wooing a wife , and prayed for helga , daughter of thorlak of ere , and sister of steinthor of that ilk ; and thormod her brother pressed this forward most , he who had to wife thorgerd , daughter of thorbrand , and sister of thorleif kimbi .
and vermund the slender was chief of these , and with him were many men of good will , such as were allied to one side or the other , and thereof it came afterwards that truce was settled and they were brought to peace , and most men tell that these cases fell under vermunds dooming ; but he gave forth the award at the thorsness thing , and had with him the wisest men who were come there .
and snorri the priest brought it chiefly about with the westfirthers that christs faith was taken of them ; and as soon as the thing was over , snorri let build a church at holyfell , and stir , his father - in - law , another at under - the - lava .
to fight two saxons is one thing , he said .
despite the obvious danger of attracting notice and bringing down on our heads the dreaded police investigationa thing which after all was mercifully averted by the relative isolation of our cottagemy friend suddenly , excitedly , and unnecessarily emptied all six chambers of his revolver into the nocturnal visitor .
the captain of group shoyathe captain of group urutas meg noticed another thing .
captains , we are going to hold a counsel the first thing tomorrow morning .
the only thing meg had been informed of was that the legend told that the stones to revive water were hidden in a cave near a waterfall .
credit where its due , you boys are good at this sort of thing .
are you forgetting i went through the same thing ?
you remember its cecils birthday thing today , right ?
no , i did not remember that it was cecils birthday thing .
you still want me to be at that thing ?
chapter 8 cecils birthday thing was everything i had hoped for , consisting of coloured paper party hats , the kind that came in packs of twenty and had the piece of elastic that snapped after an hour of wearing , soda served in paper cups , a pathetic looking chocolate cake , and , as crowning cherry , a sagging banner that boldly announced ; happy 39th cecil .
it was apparently not an abnormal thing to happen , since no one seemed concerned about it , but the lingering aura of indignation still clung to brent .
the next thing that occurred to me was that i was in an unfamiliar environment .
lots of noise , banging at the door , tapping at the window , that kind of thing .
second , her brow creased in a barely registering frown , you will be the first person i have allowed such a thing the sentence trailed off .
a strange thing occurred then .
i do remember one odd thing though .
since i guessed seeing conscious patients was likely a regular thing in her line of work , the fear had to be attributed to something more significant .
the whole thing turned their stomachs and they preferred not to watch .
by the she , but that is the foulest thing i have ever seen , breathed seamus .
they were used to this sort of thing happening in battle .
hey i m the one who saw the whole thing .
oh , that was the cutest thing i ve ever witnessed .
the next thing i knew i was being revoked because uncle sam ca n't trust the man .
lucky saw the whole thing - even the , colossal , demons - all the way up - until a demon smashed him into the wall .
the next thing i knew , we were all lined up to be written up , because demo swore and azarban repeated after him .
well , its sort of supposed to be about the psyche and that sort of thing joe said slowly .
it was turning out to be a rather bloody episode indeed , yet as a few of the innocent bystanders got caught in the crossfire , joseph noticed a peculiar thing had happened he had moved to change the channel out of boredom .
yeah , well , you ever heard of a thing called disco ?
the thing that hurts the worst is not that i do n't even remember my dog as a puppy , but thinking about how he must have felt , being so neglected .
hearing the same thing , but now in his other ear , they will hear you .
hadge could scarcely fathom the wrath that soon waited them , aware of only one thing , hell hath no fury like the devil scorned .
some had believed her disappearance was due to foul play , however she had spoke of places and things most never heard about , and wondered if she had simply gone home .
then he glanced one last time at the pictures hanging on the lid , still finding the hadge thing hard to believe , as he shoved a handful of the pictures into his backpack , declaring , for later reference .
he found the whole thing humorous , rather peaceful , and in fact the first real peace and quiet he had in a long time .
that was a good question , and hadge would ve liked the answer too , but all he could do is surmise a guess , maybe it has something to do with the see no evil thing .
the most heartbreaking thing was that all the innocent people had to suffer for one mans sins , as hadge swore , if i make it out of hell alive .
you would not understand , korkungal , for these matters do not concern you , but i have seen a strange thing in the heavens that frightens me and makes me anxious for the future .
how could such a thing happen , hepteidon ?
the question was rising in his mind again : how could such a thing happen ?
ah , he lamented for himself in his loneliness , it is a terrible thing to grow old .
it is a sad thing to see you in this state .
more than one great thing has happened in the ka in recent days .
it is a sad thing , hepteidon replied .
lucinda was glad she was able to see the real thing , although two knights lost their lives and four were injured at the competition .
it was a terrifying night for these youngsters because living without walls was a terrifying thing to contemplate .
except for one thing that does nt make sense , cole said .
it may have been the only thing to save his life .
some of those in the upper echelons , in the guards , that sort of thing , they see persons such as myself as merely talismans against bad luck .
the next thing , she heard clapping , and felt a hand on her shoulder .
another horrible thing .
the last thing i remembered , he was running .
just when one thing clicks into place , another spirals out of control .
maybe she was the bait , strake was the fish , and this little throw - down was an every friday night type of thing .
darrence listened to the whole thing from his cell .
it was the type of photo that strake despised where the smug , self - satisfied family was dressed in casual elegance , sweaters and slacks , and there was some vague sense of an outdoor scene behind them , when in reality the whole thing took place in a photographers studio against a fake backdrop .
since early times , i ' m sorry to relate , it 's been no easy thing , to pass this gate .
the same thing happens tilting left or right : there 's always one of them that 's out of sight .
the thing we do the most of 's just plain traveling . ''
table of contents preface first chapter about mark saba other books by mark saba excerpt from the shoemaker connect with mark saba in the ancient town of vydrino , in new siberia , an imaginatively alluring thing had happened : all of its residents were either dead , or had left .
this time she applied a perfect stroke above the left eye , but when she started in on the right one another disturbing thing happened : she noticed that her face had multiplied a thousand times in the bevelled edges of the mirror .
their first child was born out of wedlock , which was no uncommon thing , though its death was .
i tell you this becausebecause it is my own little letter from novosibirsk , even if i have nt really written it , and you have nt really read it , but felt in your heart that you have experienced the same thing .
all men would have to disavow it at the same time for such a thing to occur and there are many races who choose violence over peace .
sometimes being left alone is the best thing that can happen , gunter said .
each time it was as though she forgot that the same thing occurred previously .
{ would it be possible to use the energy in the crystal to cause such a thing to occur to the crystal ? }
the next thing i knew , since i was watching through his eyes , we were dive bombing him .
it showed the guard the same thing the soldier at the gate expected to see .
one other thing i found out about her was the name she uses for what little human interaction she has .
the last thing she saw was the riders arm shooting out to catch her .
breasts were a hard thing to hide .
that s the only thing that happens herethe sooner you leave , the better it will be for you .
it would not be an impossible thing !
a most terrible thing occurred .
he gritted his teeth in concentration and moved stifflyso much for the hope that he might be a brilliant dance partnerbut amira found the whole thing delightful anyway , as she twirled beneath the glittering chandeliers .
servants overhearing gossip by chance was one thing , but this dardan frowned at his mother .
the strange thing is , i m not sure how .
they tried again , and the same thing occurred : the beads vanished as soon as they touched .
he knew he had nt done any such thing as sleep with janice .
ever since the car bomb thing , other newspapers had been reluctant to hire me on .
which is to say that it was the singularly most terrifying thing that could ever happen to you .
above and beyond my concern over those two phrases however , one thing that marcus had said made alarm bells start going off in my noggin .
this was the kind of thing i thought about during my captivity .
but the thing is that i ve seen proof of it , miss conners .
a convulsing , broken thing as my lungs fought to keep me breathing and my heart ticked away like a bomb ready to burst .
the whole thing was a blur .
next thing i know i was falling through the air , landing on a bed on the floor below .
it really was nt the strangest thing to happen to me that day .
the only thing he could remember was sitting on the ground right where he was .
i opened the door and the first thing i heard was shallow breathing .
i 'd never heard of such a thing .
if sasha was n't so alert i 'd think i imagined the whole thing .
tasha had nt heard a thing to indicate the arrival of a visitor .
she was so excited to be a part of it , to be at beginning of new thing .
craziest damn thing i ever saw !
captain says his attorney will probably try an insanity plea , because , come on , everyone knows there s no such thing as werewolves , he smiled at jake .
and in her eyes there was something that if luke or beth or especially zack had been there to witness it , would have frightened them more than any other thing they had seen since entering witch town .
but there was no such thing in witch town .
the only thing that has happened is that you are n't doing your work .
was n't that just the craziest thing of all .
the only thing i ' m really scared of is finding that i do n't actually have any friends left .
she turned around again to see the same thing occurring in front of them .
and of all of the terrible things that had occurred since they had come to this place , just at that moment , this seemed by far the worst .
the one good thing to come of this was that allana had now taken up station close to him , leaving leonie alone with zack .
could she really be sure that if she tried to open the chest the same thing would n't happen to her .
he had been very angry and hurt by some of the things that had happened since they had come to this dreadful place , but at least today he had been reminded of some of what he used to have , his friendship with zack , enough to restore his mind just a little and also his heart .
within her mind she was carefully observing each of these kingdoms until a strange thing began to happen .
at that time an extraordinary thing began to take place !
` ` upon the prophets the ends of the earth hang , for upon their words will all things take place , and nothing will happen which they shall not first foretell .
a cloud of uncertainty filled his mind , for it seemed unbelievable , this thing that was happening .
to dirytica , however , all of these things seemed to have taken place a lifetime ago .
what was now actually happening would lack description , yet the thing was very real , as if the heavens themselves had opened and a mighty , glorious wind had ushered downward and filled the valley !
there was no reply and neither were there any lamps lit in the house , which was a thing that his father always did well before the sun was set .
* * * * * * * * * * on the rocky and little traveled road leading to the modest city of keilah , a rather astonishing thing had just happened .
the entire camp , all the men , and all the women , and even the children , once told , sat down in utter silence , wondering how such a thing could have ever happened .
yet , the fact that the armor of saul , king of the hebrews , had just been placed in the temple of ashtoreth , a thing heartily celebrated by the people , should most certainly appease them , at least to some degree .
and , too , on the other hand , i fear that if i just disregard the fact that he might have chosen me , then , he may require it for it is no small thing to throw the wishes of god over one 's shoulder ! ''
yesterday , before the vision , i was ready to propose to her , thinking god had surely disqualified me as his prophet , but now , this great thing has occurred and , in some ways , i am more confused than ever .
` ` i , too , had a rather strange thing happen to me just a few weeks past , and i have something beautiful i wish to show you ! ''
besides , i remember well placing my hand upon it that morning as i awoke , which is a thing i do every morning .
the more kezmin heard , the more she had to agree that this thing could not have been a coincidence , but something in which the hand of god most surely must have played a part .
` ` indeed , he very well may establish the lineage through which messiah will attempt to come forth upon the earth , a thing which we must endeavor to prevent at all costs !
it was as if the idea had never entered his mind that such a thing could happen .
should this temple ever be completed , without question , it will almost certainly bring the human race one certain step closer to the day in which messiah shall appear , a thing which we must prevent at all costs ! ''
the only thing that will happen to me is that which the lord god permits .
but , i must say that , in the days to come , the thing that i speak of will surely come to pass .
horrific evils had been waged in israel some few years before and it was as if the thing , altogether , had been purged from remembrance .
then , the thing occurred to kezmin !
the dream had been the result of having received the count of his men from joab , a thing for which he was instantly and deeply conscious stricken !
yet , it was a horrendous thing which was now occurring !
nor did they repent of this thing before me though i have been long suffering in my anticipation !
of course i read of these things in the w shadani long before they actually took place .
the next thing i knew , mark turned around and began walking in the opposite direction .
chapter twelve i must have fainted because the next thing i knew , they were both staring down at me and i was looking up at the clouds .
the next thing i knew , i was transported through the rainbow vortex and landed on my butt at tyler and rebeccas home in vail .
the same thing that s going to happen to you if you do nt tell me where your meddling sister is , snarled vivian .
the next thing i knew , paige let out some kind of ferocious battle cry , then lifted the metal bat and swung high , bashing the zombie smack in the middle of its skull .
i d seen a car move on tv , but it was nothing like the real thing .
its not a usual thing .
you all have fantastic stories of meta - humans with amazing abilities , but so far the closest thing i ve seen to the truth of that is a grubby mountain of a man that looks like he could have stumbled out of a pack of wolves .
i was sure of another thing too .
if i had any doubt that i was the worlds worst person , it was dissolved when some unnamed individual slid a note under my door that i found first thing in the morning .
full metal jackass went staggering back and fell over , which was the only saving grace in the whole thing , because i dropped to the ground , clutching at my foot , which felt like i had slammed it in a door well over a hundred times .
my hands still itched by the time i was done , along with a few places on my chest and legs where the same thing had happened .
i had to say i preferred winter as a season to summer ; it was colder , but even factoring in the number of times i d landed in the snow while fighting , i did nt get as wet as i did sweating during these training exercises , which were an everyday thing , in one form or another .
but they re local cops and were here to ask because the same thing that happened to you happened to some other folks in wyoming and south dakota .
he laughed , as though it were the funniest thing in the world .
ponal said , slightly intrigued about the thing that had his best friend jumping up and down with excitement .
the first thing she noticed was that the fat man still slept on the couch .
next thing i knew , i was skidding across the pavement .
there s no such thing , she blubbered .
the last thing arianna wanted was for luke to feel guilty about what had happened .
next thing i know , i m flying across the alley and getting slammed into a brick wall .
the funny thing is that he did it on the same daycrazy .
the ups mans story was the last thing he expected .
but you said its the only unusual thing that has happened recently at the shop .
that was the coolest thing jesse ever saw .
what if others witnessed the same thing and told the police ?
the last thing he ever imagined on that first day he met the wizard was that beifar would end up saving his life .
the monarchs and governments of many neighbouring countries paid tribute to it , often in the form of slaves , usually young , lithe female slaves , as is so often the way of these things ... but the question is , how exactly do these historians know ?
' funny thing , at - cherly .
' well the thing is , i ' ve read just about everything there is to read about him ; how he did n't want to become a god and very nearly defied his father by running away to join the circus , the scandal of the , you know , the vested virgins [ 18 ] , everything- ' ' and this guy got to be a god ? '
' well there is one thing i know , ' lenny replied , a small smile upon his damaged lips .
he could n't believe he was going to do what he was going to do , but , much to his surprise and very much against his best instincts , his curiosity had finally got the better of him and he felt a strange need to find out just how this whole thing would end .
he came to visit henry ; could n't let him go , of course , the crime against the family far too great , you see , but thought i 'd just come to see how you are , sort of thing .
he 'd had a job then - not much of a job , it had to be said , just doing a few odd chores around the local playhouse , sweeping the stage , selling tickets on the door , putting the lights out at the end of the night , that sort of thing - but it had been a job nevertheless and it had at least given the dwarf some small sense of pride .
she hesitated , an unusual thing for her , but paris gave her the moment to compose herself .
the entire thing was his idea , riyad said , throwing his hands up , his voice carrying amusement .
it was a mystery as to who or what would have done such a thing , but zachery was too excited to care .
buildings , farmers , that sort of thing .
but when serrel hawthorne joined the imperial legion , the last thing he was expecting was to be selected for battlemage training .
you sir , are the very best thing that ever happened to me .
he just started talking as if it was the most normal thing to talk to someone that was nt there five seconds ago .
it totally does nt count if i was asleep for the whole thing , '' i said groggily as i wrapped the blanket around my shoulders and trudged over to the table .
but i totally just watched the whole thing while you slept .
i supposed he had nt said he would stay awake for the whole thing , so really i could nt be mad .
i do nt think your dad knew that i had seen the whole thing happen .
although , i was desperate enough to just crash the whole thing and kill us all .
the funny thing really is i am damn near useless with all of these wards up , '' i said , nodding my head back .
he had to have known that the same thing might happen with us .
if such a thing should occur , those that have sent me wish to know if we would be able to count you among our numbers ? ''
that 's such a silly thing to cry over ! ''
` ` seems an odd thing to want . ''
there is an odd thing though , liz said making idle conversation to help guide them in the darkness .
i found this interesting thing .
mostly banged up , we got out before the whole thing went , kellin replied , pulling her close .
we ve forgotten that we ve created all these false boundaries , these imaginary edges were we think one thing ends and another begins .
next thing i know , its gone .
popo was unmoved by most things , but when he saw milas corpse on the forest floor , he wept and snow blanketed the earth .
doomba gasped when such a thing was unheard of , or at least it had been for the past few centuries .
the only truly good thing to come out of all this , he thought , was the possibility that brigga and habala might be friends again , when they had been friends as children , he thought .
it was embarrassing , this sort of thing should not be happening , right in the heart of a followers stronghold .
good thing i did , cause an interesting thing happened in the village .
things in the wood began to change ; he saw knots in trees that he was sure had nt been there before , he saw vines creeping around others , marking them as different .
she pulled a piece of fruit from her dress pocket , as though it was a perfectly normal thing to store it in there .
king jared blinked , wondering if he d somehow imagined the whole thing .
to fall under a faerie spell is a dangerous thing , and king jared was not a fool .
the next thing i know i was falling .
the next thing i know , i was soaring up into the clouds .
this could only point to one thing : trouble has knocked on the gates of lasticall .
she slowly opened her eyes , and the first thing she saw was thaddeus hovering over her .
though she sometimes found herself wondering what it could do , she almost feared to witness such a thing .
would the same thing happen to her again ?
that s why its a rare thing to see a werewolf family unit with more than one child .
the first thing that came to me was that perhaps i was going to be wife number two for evan .
it was the most amazing thing i ve ever experienced .
do nt worry , i will get my men on it first thing .
we ran until the only thing i saw was the tree line passing us by .
crandall wiped at it hurriedly , and gergen pretended he had never seen a thing .
working together , the only thing that happens is that we each get what we want .
only moments ago , at the conclusion of her reading , she had wished for such a thing , but the joy of learning had gone out of his eyes , though he held small book in his hands .
after all this time , to even have the hope that such a thing might happen was almost too much to bear .
the good luck that allowed him to notice such a thing was not lost on him , but he had no time to be grateful for it .
and then this happened , this most extraordinary thing : at an ornate old movie palace in los angeles , young mortals were gathering for midnight screenings , and they were dressing up as the characters in the movie , they were talking back to the screen , and they were dancing and singing in the aisles .
apparently its a thing they do here !
eyes blinded by the sudden brightness , i nearly missed the second , and worse thing .
when i came around the last corner , the first thing i saw was the boy .
not an easy thing to forget .
i ve not heard of such a thing .
and the sad thing ?
saif did this freaky little thing where he seemed to just lift straight up off the ground and land on top of me .
what a thing to happen .
the thing was like something out of a cop movie , you know , in the great big blow out at the end , when all bets are off and the two hardened , bloodied cops pull out the serious toys and just go to freakin town ?
did nt know you two had a thing going , the other man said , gun trained firmly on martin .
there was not one inch of her that wanted to see this thing any more clearly .
porn was one thing .
the sad thing was , shed never told me it was her birthday .
when her song had met its end , a strange thing then occurred : horse and woman rearranged into a dragon pair !
the next thing that i noticed was the next thing that i saw : i was standing at the gates inside the castle wall !
the next thing that i noticed was the next thing that i saw : i was standing at the gates inside the castle wall !
sometimes in the darkest hour over lands that have no name , my spirit leaves my bodys power and escapes its fleshy grave ; out in darkness flies my essence , never falling from its height ; even thought eludes my presence , etched in shadow , lost to light ; looking down from high above me , seeing things like none before ; every aspect of the scenery cross the gray and empty shore seems to whisper in the darkness , drawing out a chilling sweat , and reaches out with firm caresses and the gentle kiss of death ; volumes ripple through the stillness spoken to the walking dead ; i return to roost , still restless , in my coffins cushioned bed but the body is nt comfy , and the pillow is enslaved , and i realize rather numbly i m in someone elses grave !
the crowd was small , impatient , and called out for more song ; they paused in their reunion to sing a second one : this song was born in ruins overgrown by knotted pine that tangled up the memories and twisted up the rhymes ; those woods were borne of angry men whose eyes have long - since closed ; their ears will never hear again ; they ve been too - long exposed ; their skin has crawled from flesh and bone and fed the plants around ; their limbs will never stand alone , will never dance around ; the muscles that were once so trim are trimmer , now , indeed ; they fed the roots their nutrients and sated growing seed ; the trees are dank and strangely warped , as if in anguished pain ; the vines that drape like fetters worn , resemble tarnished chains ; the undergrowth is rich with rot , and fungus thrives therein ; their presence tells of things forgot and years that lie between but if you listen for the wind on days too still to break , you may perchance to hear the men if they should deem to speak ; you ll hear the cries of horrid death in these , their graven woods ; with every leaf , their passing breath is fully understood ; the trees reflect their mad repose ; the rot reflects their mind ; but who are they ?
i stopped and looked with keenest eye and saw but not a thing ; i stood as still as death , itself i stood there listening the silence seemed to be complete until a twig was snapped ; i caught a whiff of horse - like sweat and glanced a hunters cap .
bloodlines an evil moon shines down on me , hinting of things to come , concealing horrid memories of the devils work that i have done ; fangs unsheathed of canine teeth and hair that s lost control ; a madmans lust for human blood , unfettered by a soul ; i seek to sate my sudden need with the first i come across ; i sink in deeply with my teeth , ensuring that no blood is lost ; i rip and tear and rend with claw while shreds of flesh surrender to the rabid beast in me that tastes the fresh blood of her ; her screaming falls on eager ears ; her blood goes racing faster ; until the final scream cuts off i ve sucked my lifeblood from her ; the blood is sweet as nectars breath dancing on my tongue ; it trickles down my swollen throat too soon , the meal is done ; i revel in the luxury of the massive high i feel , but only for a moments breath that makes it seem surreal ; i flee the scene that i have made and find my way to home , where i sit and ponder on the dreadful deed i ve done ; with the passing of the rush , the fixs potency , i feel deflated , all at once , and ease off into sleep ; i wake with blood dried on my chin , no wound from which it flowed ; a rancid taste is in my mouth that makes me gag and choke ; i cleanse myself as best i can , discard my tattered skin ; i stare into the empty glass at what i ve always been ; i wonder if ill ever die will peace for me be found ?
strangest thing i ever saw , mr . cutter , our crotchety old neighbor , had once remarked to my father .
i would ve never believed that , even in this land of aerisia , such a thing was possiblewater disobeying all laws of nature and gravity .
maybe they set the whole thing up , i stated bluntly .
knowing you planned a thing , and knowing youroccasional lack of forethought , i thought it best to return straightway .
` ` you know , '' he said , ` ` i really hate to fail ... one thing that really bugs me the most is when somebody tells me i failed . ''
i did n't see the whole thing , but i seen enough to know nothing got in the way of his feet . ''
about a minute before the whole thing happened , i got up off my stool to go use the pisser . ''
` ` really ... '' ` ` oh yes ... i ' ve seen this kind of thing happen before .
oh god , the most horrible picture i ' ve ever seen in my life , in my short sweet seventeen years of life , and i should know , because i ' ve seen a lot of bad things happen , so many bad things , not to me .
oh god , the most horrible picture i ' ve ever seen in my life , in my short sweet seventeen years of life , and i should know , because i ' ve seen a lot of bad things happen , so many bad things , not to me .
it 's the same thing that happened to me . ''
` ` hey , that kinda thing happens all the time around here , do n't it baby ? ''
that freight is leaving for colorado springs first thing in the morning . ''
` ` the next thing i know i ' m waking up two days later , buried in leaves , walking down the road in a daze , getting picked up by the police , handcuffed , brought to the station , interrogated , surrounded by reporters , photographers , video cams , the works !
` ` the same thing that happened to a friend of mine a few days ago .
i witnessed the whole thing . ''
the first thing we saw was a dried up dead body hanging upside down on a hook with his throat slit .
the way you gaze at each other like star - crossed lovers its the most intense thing i ve ever seen .
then a strange thing happeneda picture clouded her view , and all she saw was smoke and fire , and she heard screams .
the next thing emer noticed was joshuas eyes , and she almost dropped her mug .
oh , it was more of a hanging out type of thing , not really a date .
the last thing scarlett realised before everything went dark was that the shadow had no face .
scarlett was only aware of one thing after she landedshe was cooling down .
* * * i must have dozed off because the next thing i knew , i was being gently shaken awake .
she must have seen it coming as she easily blocked it , spun around and , next thing i knew , the edge of her sword was right against my neck .
then there was a blue flash of light and , the next thing i knew , i woke up here .
i imagined that kind of thing went on with our military , too .
i looked over my shoulder once in a while for a sign that they might be gaining on us , but i never saw a thing .
chapter 7 ivy 's phone call was the best possible thing that could happen to carrie on the worst morning she 'd ever had .
it was the strangest thing ever .
carrie imagined slugs and worms and all kinds of disgusting things under her bare feet , but she could n't see a thing .
that was the first thing ivy noticed .
we 'll talk about what you were doing first thing tomorrow , but you 're certainly not going anywhere else tonight .
it was the thing dads did at thanksgiving .
my queen , there was one other thing lord arthfeal mentioned in his report , cadfrawd himself had almost forgotten .
it was always the same thing , the ancient one was still in adrika and balesh was occupied and could not meet with him .
trethowan , a skeptic , would not have believed such a thing possible had he not pulled the webs off of hendra and hendry .
with a hint of sarcasm , she added , ` ` i truly doubt there are any laws covering this sort of thing . ''
there 's not a damn thing wrong .
sitting up in a more formal posture , saraid said , ` ` i was n't aware such a thing was possible . ''
being told of fantastical people and events was one thing , but to witness them - like a man who moved like lightning , and her inhuman father who disappeared at will - was quite another .
the blazing fire was the last thing keira saw before her eyes drifted closed when his lips met hers .
keira smiled at the memory , a blush rising to her cheeks as she remembered the warmth of his embrace as he invaded her depths when one thing had led to another , but the sound of someone clearing their throat in the doorway chased the thoughts away .
the only thing i am afraid of is losing you .
avaris thought about the last thing he had seen before the demigod of the sea saved him .
there is such a thing as too much pride , you know .
first thing tomorrow i m going to travel into the mountains .
they said it was a worthless thing to destroy a kingdom for .
the first thing he realized was that his shadowed hiding spot was exposed , and that he would have to find cover elsewhere .
the gathering of so much oneness could mean only one thing ; a rift was forming .
it was obvious one party welcomed death , perhaps even sought remittance for their sins , while the other dead gods clearly desired no such thing .
it was a stupid thing but i ended up with a concussion .
you mean somebody died fighting thatthat thing ?
the thing where sheyou know , she took off her clothes and gwen nodded .
the same thing would happen to ember if she kept coming .
` ` and the worst thing of all is that other people blame you .
next thing the soldiers saw was a fire .
it seems she has experienced a lot of unpleasant things , he rose to check on the girls temperature then produced some bandages he used to wrap her visible injuries in .
maybe if she did nt repeat it the horrible thing would nt happen ; those things would nt come for her .
antares had missed the entire thing and seemed like he could care less .
she looked up , expecting the last thing she would see would be a molochs deadly fangs , but none of them were even facing her .
last thing i knew , that moloch had me and theni woke up like you , lying on the ground .
capella waved a hand like it was a stupid thing to ask .
the thing has to happen by eleven , right ?
the last thing she remembered seeing was robert looking suspiciously at bootss large , contentedly panting frame .
the tower is a place where great things have happened , they say .
esmeralda , raahi said , turning from dorthea , this is a place where many things are possible .
he had seen the same thing .
the same thing that happens every night .
she could not get a sense of whether they felt sorry for her , whether they would be mocking her under their breath , or whetherand this seemed the most likelythey were simply going through the motions because this kind of thing happened all the time .
the terrible thing is , ngare said , we have nt gone but thirty or forty yards .
its like the best thing that has ever happened to song .
this thing might be very well within these walls and you incompetent fools would not even know about it .
i ca n't make it out but you are right there is some weird thing going on over there .
she worried about the details of the dance until the routine muddled in her head and she panicked , thinking shed forget the whole thing .
follow him on twitter : @ tmikemccurley facebook : author t. mike mccurley www.tmikemccurley.com www.penandcapesociety.com/t-mike-mccurley/ * * * flagstaff , arizona august 9 0755 hours oddest damn thing i ever saw , the detective said into the phone .
and a funny thing happened while henrietta was in the bathroom .
but there was one thing henrietta could not deny , okay , there were several things henrietta could not deny .
but thankfully it partly covered the rest of her , which was a fantastic thing considering what she was wearing underneath .
when she finished writing the word , the most spectacular thing occurred .
it was a frantic thing to watch .
at first , after she had woken up that morning , henrietta had been inclined to write the whole thing off as a terrible dream .
okay , so henrietta had n't roared at any one yet , but a curious thing was happening .
but before she could finish , a funny thing happened .
men in crested helmets stabbing with spears , charioteers careering through a chaos of struggle : the usual sort of thing .
he was clever , a rare thing among the viciously competing warrior kings of greece .
his own kingdom of messenia actually had some good grasslands , a rare thing in greece , and he owned a fair herd of horses himself .
ill be working with mr kerne and then the next thing i know , i m eating my dinner .
do you think a bad thing has happened here ?
it leaves scars , that sort of thing , scars that do not heal quickly .
and they have spoken to one who is not a skral such a thing has never been heard of !
this wine , for instance , was put into the box first thing this morning .
in these latter days i have discovered an amazing thing .
i did nt think you saw the whole thing , renmyr said , finally coming into the dining room with a bottle of wine and a glass , seeming not at all concerned that the constable might have discovered them ; him and korsten , together .
ill send a messenger up to the manor first thing come dawn .
how in hell am i supposed to remember a blessed thing with you constantly- if you do it wrong , you re going to wind up doing something unpleasant to one or both of us , lerissa replied .
he did nt hear a blessed thing .
` ` you saw the whole thing , did n't you ? ''
next thing , i know , i wake up here . ''
kae grinned and put his hands up in surrender position , but stephanie scowled , ` ` and the strangest thing , '' she continued .
the rest of my troops were out of earshot , so she said , '' i assume you mean about the whole arachne rising tomorrow thing ? ''
i did the ritual of the rising thing myself when you were up in the tree and kae was still in the spring .
holly took a deep breath and said , '' the same thing happened to me . ''
the only thing they are going to see is your death .
this was the one thing benjamin feared , the return of edmond harland .
i tried to convince myself along the way i imagined the whole thing , or maybe i was sleep walking .
you have served me for millenniums , like in one - thousand year millenniums , and you say this recognition thing has happened before ?
yea , that is a good thing to remember brother .
the same thing happened when i closed and locked the door .
come wizard , we will destroy the beasts that did this terrible thing , he said , then looked at the cabin door .
the strangest thing then happened .
this sort of thing has never happened before up these parts .
the next thing i knew , i was lying on my back 30 feet away looking up at the cavern ceiling .
` ` people really liked that sort of thing ? ''
quite a legend around the whole thing . ''
never so terrible a tale there was ; how the hills began to howl a grin was on the verdant slopes , yet on the sky a scowl the scowling sky , it grimaced low , and scoured the hills with rain , yet rambling rills did swiftly flow , and made them dry again ever a frown was borne aloft , on gunmetal clouds of grey , a fleet diffuse and lightning quick , lit up the night like day bright day was ever turned to night ; dread elements in array , dressed in clouds of thund'rous smoke , spun fast like potters clay the whirlwinds ate into the earth , and threw sharp thunder down , but the hills were made of granite strong , deep roots in iron ground hail fell thick upon the hills ; the meadows ached with ice ' til sunlight 's fire came to their aid , to ward off winter 's vice the sky thought dark and low , its brow creased in vales of cloud ; it thought of a creature swift and sly , as strong as it was proud the sky made red the mottled moon , the twilight turned to blood ; out from dust was born mankind , the evil and the good the evil cursed up to the sky , the good a prayer proclaimed , with different words they told in verse , one thing and the same the thought from them was borne aloft , so simple and so plain ; that high evil thinks it 's good and good takes evil 's name there began a bitter war of words , a war of heart and mind ; and where a heart could only lose , crosshairs could surely find to plant a cross takes fertile land , ploughed deep with blood and lime to make a wreath takes craftsmanship , a bomb the production line quick it was , for the hills to howl , a firebrand cloud and flash ; five thousand years of artifice laid low in a bed of ash so drear it was , the howling trill , the poison rains that choked the rill , roots , pigeons , rats and all that 's ill , were all that lived , alone to grieve nothing remained , save mada and eve nothing could grow , nothing could breathe so think of wind when you eat your sprouts , and hail unto the wasteland 's shouts an empty slate , a piece of chalk an ever longer road to walk a crater fount , a town forlorn , built upon this frazzled gorse , a cliff from fossil ages torn speaks one fossil word : remorse ` ` that was the condensed version , '' said indole .
the first thing i saw was owen sitting upright with a smile on his face as he pulled me off the floor .
how could such a thing be possible ?
the last thing we need is a stuffy human couple demanding where were taking their daughter in the middle of the night .
a freaking security camera and it just caught this whole thing .
my vision goes blurry and the next thing i know , there s blood coming out my nose , i m flat on my back , and the barrel of a sawed - off shotgun is rammed against my sternum .
that s just one more thing that s my fault , i suppose .
they ve been watching this whole thing .
i noticed her glance back a few times to see that i had fallen behind but she just kept going as if it were the most natural thing in the world for me to walk behind her instead of along side her .
its the strangest thing i ve ever seen .
when i look back on my life , if there s one thing i have to be proud of , i thought .
it was a really a thing that one could just promise , not to die , but i held on to his words as he rode on valiantly towards the belraingst .
the last thing i remembered was being slung over a horse , smelling the dank sweat , and hearing brye and conrad scream , layla !
we stood in silence for a moment , or rather i stood and she floated , but either way nothing was said ; there was something , a connection maybe , that told me we had gone through somewhat of the same thing .
the closest thing is when i bring your meals to you in your room , but you have starting coming to dinner .
but it seems none of your neighbours want you gone , despite the boastful beer hall thing .
rather tiredly , roscow explained that when the king died , there was a thing called succession .
a terrible thing was about to happen , or had already happened .
one other good thing that had happened to him since wizzio was that the block in his heart had disappeared and his cholesterol levels were normal .
you re beautiful , kas , a rare thing in our fallen forms , but clearly not in you , maia said and turned around to look at chax .
the next thing i knew , he was in front of me , his sword drawn to attack .
the next thing i knew , i picked up movement behind me with my wings sensors .
she yelled , delighted at the whole thing .
seeing that the two of them were getting really frisky with the kissing thing , i decided to slip away and leave them to their business .
the next thing i knew , chax punched the guy in his side , a growl like a beast escaping into the night .
yeah , i knew it was too good to be true , but that look topped my weird scale for this whole fallen thing .
i know that things in your day could pop up in your dreams again , but why on earth would i put the demon in the werewolfs place ?
pissed at him , knowing he might have seen the whole thing and did nt do anything , i sat down and began to eat .
one thing he was right about was that i needed my strength to get us out of here , so i took a fork and scooped some up .
i must have drifted off while still thinking because the next thing i heard was the freaking demon just above my head .
was the last thing i heard before darkness claimed me .
maybe the fae can tell us what s up with the shifting thing , i said to her , fully dressed and sliding my jacket on .
her face had started turning back to normal , but i could see she was still mad over the whole passing out thing .
then one interesting thing came to me , the one where lada and i talked about our blood , our tainted blood .
every day she grows older and amon does nt ; now they may have a way to delay it , or maybe even cancel out the whole thing .
that was the real fun part of the whole thing .
once they had been there for a while , people started to say how good they were , and both the temple and the artists started to stick out their chests about the whole thing .
what a ridiculous thing to be worrying about .
the everyday drudgery , the nastiness , the social climbing , that sort of thing .
its just that , well , you took a little longer getting here than we expected , and both your mother and i have to scoot back to the capital tomorrow , first thing .
she was starting to stumble , and a broken ankle would be a fine thing in the middle of a battle .
there will be plenty of time for thatsort of thing later .
persuade yourself that , when the thing you fear happens , you can handle it .
the parental worries , that sort of thing .
mind you , its one thing having food thrown at you , but its another thing entirely when its trying to kill you , grundi added .
as he attempted to untie her laces , a strange thing happened .
as the ice - rats circled around ice - ghost , a strange thing began to happen .
this is the first strange thing she encounters that day .
sunlight around her neck noose - tight , she encounters the second strange thing : a woman bleeding under the clock tower .
the only good thing that seems to be coming out of this is natalie talking to me more than usual .
the next thing i know , viktor has me pressed against the wall , his hold uncomfortable at my clavicle .
the worst thing in the world is when i feel that i have disappointed my father somehow .
they just decided to overstay and will be leaving first thing in the morning tomorrow .
if i leave it be , that thing may or may not occur , depending upon the preceding circumstances .
i just willed it to occur with 100 % probability ; which is not a big deal as it was anyway the most probable thing to occur .
save for aakir , he prefers the whole thing .
aakir sitting at the corner of his own queen sized bed is the last thing i remember before i succumb to sleep .
the only thing i am glad about is that he did not lie and do it at my back .
but considering how helpless i am feeling , i will probably believe every negative thing happening to be due to neals absence .
i have been blaming my exaggerated thoughts towards these exaggerated feelings , but if father agrees that such a thing can happen without my partner then i am assured that i am not overthinking .
because he experienced the same thing .
the next thing i really notice is that i am hunching beside a frozen tree , my teeth chattering , yet my forehead sweating under the excessive heat that seems to be radiating from my body .
his eyes widening as big as saucers is the last thing i see before i let my lips descend on his .
he blurts and bursts into another round of sniggers ; as if that s the funniest thing he has come across .
maybe that s the last beautiful thing that i will see with my eyes .
the funny thing is that i can not categorize that aura .
do we ever know the answer to that question when this sort of thing happens ?
plus she s going to let me stay with you for the whole thing .
amelia said , well come back first thing tomorrow .
i do nt know , but its the most interesting thing i ve seen all night .
why do nt you start by telling us the unusual thing you saw ?
the next thing she knew , rob was gently shaking her awake .
it had all been relatively painless , however , and the worst thing meredith had suffered was boredom .
she s in shock- she witnessed the whole thing .
be your friend , corrected alice , and pandora sighed her ok . * * * i witnessed the whole thing , said pandora , tears falling down her face .
i looked at my body , and i could nt do a thing .
little did she know he was the first thing ted thought of .
ok . * * * pandora kept her eyes on the screen , though she hardly saw a thing .
james sensed she was nt used to this kind of thing , not since that jerk jonathan anyway .
dreamer has nt done a thing to hurt anyone , spat ted .
i heard about the stadium thing .
maybe i d have to change the location from downstairs to the bedroom , but then that meant mum would definitely witness the whole thing , and i did nt want that .
then i told mum that eric ca nt play here , because there s a massive drop thing .
you witnessed the whole thing , did nt you matthew ?
he was nt joking about the gun thing .
eric smiled at me , saying only morgana the enchantress can finish him for good , if you believe in that kind of thing .
i did nt plan a thing , i have nt been making any plans to kill josh- why would i make plans to kill him ? ?
* * * joshuas funeral was the worst thing i ever had to attend .
the next thing i knew i was on the floor , people around me .
next thing you know i m unconscious on the floor , bleeding like heck .
i was growing stonier , more heartless , hurting for the slightest thing that set me off , just not eric- yet .
i know that she has nt done a thing to me , not as far as she goes .
the two women completely ignored the floating cartons since virtually everyone was a wizard and this sort of thing happened all the time .
the dog barked even faster if such a thing was possible .
i assumed that since he was a category six that sometimes nightmares could cause that kind of thing to happen , josephine said .
we all know there s no such thing but i think its cool that you re like a vampire now .
it was a wonderful thing to watch .
the next thing i knew was me dangling in the air by that tail of mine .
i thought , at first , that perhaps the prefect had fallen into a trance , but when he brought his head upright again i knew it was no such thing .
uh ... he was talking about ... there s , like , a hell gate in one of these things he said , picking a cabbage apart desperately .
funny story , strangest thing , silence evaded .
it held a massive skull that could only be one thing a dragon - and an iron - bound book .
death is a natural thing .
that s what i told him , begging him to reconsider ; but he said he could nt risk another failure he was too young to , you know ... our makers had their submergence a while ago , and he said he d be damned if he let the same thing happen to him .
then , having taken a spoonful of goat cheese , gallan suddenly bit on something hard , and exclaiming in pain , he spat it out ; it was a thing they d long been reisgned to , their old goats proclivity for swallowing , along with the grass she grazed , all sorts of teeth - hurting odds and ends , from gravel and sticks to apricot pits and wood chips .
yet their makers submergence ( which they might not even attend , if their own rite failed first ) was hardly a lighter topic , and so gallans thoughts strayed briefly to the peculiar thing they had found in the goat cheese but an instant was all lorns mind , honed by age to a hawks precision , needed .
and in that instant , while their makers mind was too much in turmoil to keep such a momentous thing hidden , gallan and raddia knew right away the reason for his unprecedented visit : navva was dead .
but there were things greater than life or death , and one such thing had suddenly , inexplicably , occurred .
for last night a terrible thing had happened .
there was no princely escort , a thing rather unusual , but then , as the horse came closer into view , the sentinel discerned the braided gold reins and the jewel - encrusted grip of the sword , and convinced the rider was prince fantyr , he sounded the trumpet .
casting their minds ear about , they heard no talk there was no one around , a thing not surprising , for makers never came near this place if they could help it .
their escape had taken place in such a state of mind - numbing terror , that the next thing they knew they were back in their beds , panting and shivering despite the mildness of the weather .
v having spent his whole life in the darkness of the eye , wixelor was unprepared for the brightness of feeriens sky , avidly gazing straight at the two rosy moons till he suddenly realized that , no matter how hard he blinked , he could nt see a thing .
by nightfall a thing perceptible only by the darkening of the stagnant clouds they reached the mountains summit , but their achievement felt hardly rewarding for the sudden exposure to the full strength of the biting wind and the damp mist snaking around them made the prospect of lying down on the bare rock to sleep , even in a heap of tangled bodies , as inviting as death ( which did nt seem out of the question ) .
they were all looking up hopefully , and then an even more fortuitous thing happened : a gust of wind swept the cleft between the dunes where they stood , filling the sail with its breath and tugging it forth as if wixelor were indeed the mast of a raft standing tall and strong against the elements of the sea .
that s the strangest thing , wixelor said , getting to his feet and smiling at the crowd to show them there was no need for alarm .
the only thing it means , the voice whispered , is that you and jesus were nt there for him when he needed you .
then an unexpected thing happened at the end of april , a week after they signed the lease agreement on their new place .
i feel like i want to die the same way he did , and experience the same thing .
what s the worst thing that happened to him ?
so , to get directly to it , every real thing that happens in this story is true and pretty much exactly as i experienced it ( except the part about dan joking that our names rhymedthough he did make an extremely lame joke at that moment ) , and a fair bit of the supernatural parts as well at least as far as annes story goes .
during my flight from larksong i learned of a terrible thing .
he could only wait and be the first thing she saw when she returned to settler .
no one had imagined such a thing in his former time .
green mists slinked out from the trees , bowing before the birdman thing .
george haw shot hawley had nt expected such a thing .
that had been the last thing haw shot saw until he found himself sitting on a horse under a tree with rope around his neck .
only thing is , she glanced at the shadows then wet her lips , her head is missing .
with the sunlight nearly full upon her , a peculiar thing happened to ambers morose resolution : she changed her mind .
the last thing i saw before i went under was them looking sad .
i could see that they were breathing but that is the last thing i saw of them before irina strode confidently into the store .
i just ... all right , here 's the thing .
the next thing i knew , i was laying on a comfy couch in the same office as before and the only thing i could see was five concerned faces peering at me .
briefly i wondered how he knew that was the drink i wanted , but chalked it up to just one more thing my poor mind had forgotten .
i mean , what if the things that happened to me in that horrible place turn out to be even more horrible that we originally thought ?
' course , just 'cause a thing 's messy do n't mean it 's bad .
` ` well , the thing is , '' silas said , ` ` it 's just like that up here .
now , down there , among the living , they reckon it 's about the worse thing that can happen , a young person dying .
next thing you know , bang , there he is again .
` ` the thing is , '' silas said a few steps later .
the funny thing is ; the guy watching me ; he looks kind of familiar .
there s one thing she did nt mention in her letter : dr flynne .
i hear a groan ahead and snap my vision toward it , but i ca nt see a damn thing .
silus was the first to spot them returning , and the first thing he noticed was korhans eyes tightly shut .
the thing which surprised korhan further was that he actually sensed more than he would have guessed .
he thought about calling the whole thing off , but a glance up at vashnis slender frame and pointed features , and he changed his mind .
i must have fallen asleep over the books on the desk because the next thing i knew , i felt myself being lifted up from my chair .
then do nt go and make accusations about things you do nt know the first thing about .
probably the same thing that happened to the cows and to those chickens .
one thing of note did happen , in between the haphazard repairs and frequent , if rarely ever that serious , arguing .
she did not want to make that a regular thing .
he thought it might be the same thing this time , the hunter said .
they have to go into the woods at some point though , for lumber and game and that sort of thing , do nt they ?
she had heard of tamers before , but she usually thought of them in connection with traveling circuses and that sort of thing .
his smile suggested that he planned to tell the story where lani could hear him recount the whole thing , and erin nodded before she remembered that it could be a while before kota showed back up .
anyway , so is terrorism just a thing kids do these days ?
that s such a terrible thing to go through .
that a year later , he still woke up clotted with blood , a long gone message from his boss screaming in his head and the only thing that made it stop was seeing her sleeping soundly next to where he d died a lonely , idiot fuckup ?
laundry girl smiled back at him from outside , like this kind of thing happened all the time and she was oh god , she was wearing one of those summer dresses with cherries on it that matched her hair , holding a basket of thingshis thingsand they were dry and folded and , oh god , he did nt have a ring , but could he maybe propose to this woman with a flammable toaster ?
i think you and i both know the going rate for this sort of thing .
grass and trees and that yellow - eyed thing he was still going to have nightmares about when he was eighty .
lily burst out laughing , which was better than he d hoped for , because , hey , kind of embarrassingbut all of this and whoa amazing steak with laundry girl , who absolutely did not care about the whole norse gods coming down to kill them thing conrad covered up his own raging so - not - a - blush - at - all with , so what were you saying about the crows ?
a glowing , painful thing and , oh god , there is an old british guy inside my head .
lily shook her head and said , as if it were a perfectly rational thing to be saying , it is nt possession .
for her part , lily kept eating as if this sort of thing happened to her all the time .
and since lily was pretty much the coolest human being to ever exist , they made a really kick - ass team , and a kick - ass team like them would not be pretending to look at the wilted and possibly plague - ridden flowers outside his decrepit apartment building on the grounds no one notices how beautiful things are until things like this happen .
loki smiled , smug as as an entirely too smug thing .
and then , watching loki and lily , which , hey , did nt the whole glowing thing strike him as weird ?
conrad started to think he should be getting used to this sort of thing by now , but no .
and conrad was nauseous before because the whole crack your skull open but do nt worry you ll be fine hopefully thing was nt really sitting well with his stomach , but he was pretty sure that somewhere in this instant transport thing , someone loki - shaped had forgotten to put all his organs back in the right spots .
neither did the fact that hothe was standing sort of casually to one side , making tweed look like some kind of battle armor and , to be really , brutally honest , he and lily sort of looked like the people you met on the edges of outdoor concerts , waking up lost and bewildered from their last acid trip and wondering when they d bought tickets for this thing at all .
and then , like it was the most normal thing in the world , he pushed the key into the center of fenriss latest smoke ring .
he had sparks shooting out of him and onto the grass - wood - marble , he was nt one hundred percent sure his clothes were nt smoking , but one thing he did look ?
but the whole near - death thing was over , and the smarmy british guy was nt in his head , instead walking mostly naked , wearing an impromptu toga , behind them and rather displeased about the lack of underwear at the very least , so conrad really could nt help himself .
the only thing it did do was make him slouch .
i promise , first thing tomorrow morning .
he wanted to surprise you with this place , but ... do n't worry , some things are not meant to be , his mother said with a melancholy smile , patting his back .
this could only mean one thing : someone was using the rings in the training hall .
the last thing nord heard before ducking through the door was something along the lines of , ` ` but honey , he 's my brother and ... .. '' nord quit paying attention and used his hands to steady himself on the wall .
` ` he meant nothing by it tyrosh , it 's a wilder thing , from our not too distant past .
nord did n't even bother to finish chewing and swallowing before continuing , ` ` good thing you did n't drop it .
the last thing he remembered he had been surrounded by lava , enjoying its warmth and the closeness he felt to the world while there .
mordalayn appeared and stopped them , i think he killed them but then he took me and the next thing i knew i was here .
last thing he remembered was being at the cherubs and stepping into the shimmer .
the whole thing lasted less than a minute .
the whole thing reminded jared of watching the dents in a sheet of metal being pushed out on time lapse photography .
eleven rayan as adri neared the door to imarkos meeting room it seemed so quiet he thought he may have missed the whole thing .
he was stood in a corner in conversation with his deputy looking solemn and serious , a strange thing to see .
this little bottle and that strange old woman ; this was probably the most intriguing thing that had happened for a long time .
the sound of laughter being the next humiliating thing he heard .
i virile marketed this goat thing , told people they could partake in the phenomenon , and i figure they jumped to it , excited .
a man had to keep his principles and that reading thing just happened by itself , like a mean little trick of the universe .
when never has a single thing occurred , how can sorrow possibly arise and joy for that matter as well .
what s that thing everybody keeps asking me about ?
they took him in the limo to some thing he d agreed to .
it was fear of the next thing , like they had lived awful and would live again and worse .
it is a thing he can not tolerate .
pi said some more stuff about what a crock the whole thing was and how it was a licensed emission and that stuff was nt real cause them people had signed up to be on scars reality television show .
they were a pack of corporate tools , and ibm as usual moved so slow out of the starting gate that the whole thing might well be over before they got anything in place .
i need some bigger fire to get this thing started .
i forgot why i wanted to have this live thing .
you d be surprised how many can watch this sort of thing , though .
the average search time climbed past three seconds , but the defenses were built from ground up to deal with this sort of thing .
there was dead people everywhere and scar thought it was the saddest thing he d ever seen .
i told no one of this disgusting thing i had seen , i could not say i had been outside the village .
but nothing was said , no one talked of such a thing .
though i understood this , i was fearful that i was shown such a thing , that there was a west wind to open the branches and show me this foulness .
that was a very close thing , sun had never been attacked before and hardly knew his brothers face .
moon has never dreamed of such a thing , she is staggered by murder , and death , for one heartbeat she is seeing ah - puchs true , wicked face .
now many memories of my brother came into me , and a thick fear , for this is the terrible thing that happens to the dead ; they are left behind .
` ` who has ever heard of such a thing ? ''
` ` truly , grandmother , i have never heard of such a thing . ''
said sacnik , for she had never heard of such a thing , so close to the city of our fathers .
she wants to go home to speak to her mother about the grove and couoh and the things which have happened , but if she leaves , will she ever find the grove again ?
so radiant was their scent that the house of sacnik 's father was soon filled with the aroma , and even with the feast only two days away , everyone in that house rested easily and dreamed of pleasing things .
there was only one odd thing that i saw , as she sat cross - legged on my aunts mat : her toes were rounded and smooth , no calluses or scars , this girl knew how to walk in the world .
this was an ancient thing i was seeing , something evil that should have died in the time of the cities .
it was then that i saw the thing i had dreamed of , my brothers salvation had been only fifty paces from the storytellers hut , all along .
then his lord places seeds into his head , they are seeds of evil ideas , and immediately he says , ' i am only a servant , speaking of things i have seen in dreams .
buying , selling , and trading were a common thing among people , especially in the smaller villages .
this was an odd thing in our family , we never ate dinner together .
she said as if it was a normal thing .
the last thing i remembered was victor and that man fighting and then i was looking for sarah .
i had a work thing to take care of .
do nt be sorry about a thing , nothing is your fault .
the only thing he had failed to take note of was that all of the women had seemingly self - harmed .
i must have passed out because the next thing i remember is waking up as a vampire .
` ` i thought you dying was the worst thing i would have to go thru in my life , but i guess i was wrong .
its only a matter of time now , and the only thing that ll save you is if you prove your worth .
there had been a time when the order of the nine even forbid the sale of relics on the other side of the walls , but that was a hard thing to prevent , and it d become a well - known practice .
then the most bizarre thing happens : momma explains to the three beasts why i enjoy raw livers !
the next thing that happens is liams sudden appearance .
she speaks to me from there as if it is the most natural thing in the world .
her smile widened in bemusement , news of such things travels fast in an enchanted forest , but i am no daughter of men , my lord , but rather of the watersprites , as such i know many of the folk who are quite foreign to the mind of mortal man , but perhaps therein lies your rescue .
here we are , happy and alive , a thing which we could not have foreseen a week gone .
alic felt all of time and space shifting around them , as if such matters were of little consequence to beings no longer trapped within a mortal shell , yet alic also felt a blotch or a smudge on the whole ethereal landscape about him , as if he were an intruder , an interloper , an onlooker who did not belong and had no part in the things around him .
that s an interesting thing to remember from your childhood , anna finally said .
that seems the most likely thing to happen anyway .
stop your daydreaming and come along there s another thing i want you to see ! ''
the thing is , i ve actually gotten that type of weird compliment before .
i shrugged , the funny thing isi did nt know i could dance either ariana seemed surprised .
i may not have remembered much about my past , but i was pretty sure that this was the most ridiculously weirdest thing that had ever happened to me .
i swung with the opposite arm , but the same thing happened .
i now swung furiously in anger , only to have the same thing happen .
you mean that whole thing yesterday where i killed that demon ?
ben sat laid down on the bed and covered his face in a pillow , ` ` it 's kind of awkward for me to tell you about that specific ` ` thing '' ... '' he said in a muffled voice .
losing someone you love is a horrible thing .
instead , i found myself back in that place that i had met that stranger who told me about aka manah and the thing at the fortress ... but if i had never listened in the first place , zachariel would have never gone with raziel , and he would have still been alive ... ` ` well if you had n't listened , all of you would now be dead . ''
a lot of media portrays the supernatural as ultimately this totally awesome thing everyone should want to be part of , with a few exceptions .
that sort of thing has happened before .
` ` so is this kind of thing going to keep happening ? ''
you know , that sort of thing .
` ` you know , if we 'd seen that weird guy in the red robe thing , i 'd think he was the cause .
such a thing is a good way to lose one 's horde . ''
` ` so do you think you know what horrible thing we 'll find next is ? ''
like that is n't a thing that could happen to us ? ''
maryann screamed and tackled the creature which was clearly the last thing it expected .
we want this to be a fun family getaway , you know , and host board game tournaments and that kind of thing .
` ` is that , um , a real thing ? ''
` ` well , this may be the strangest thing that 's ever happened to me .
same thing happens here in the diner and every home .
` ` and so now there 's this thing that happens right in front of us and it makes you wonder why all this other crazy stuff happens .
` ` this is n't the same thing , '' maryann replied .
witnessed the whole thing .
funny thing was he did nt even have a clue that i had become a satanist !
the next thing i knew , i woke up with my water freezing cold .
the next thing i knew , it was one in the morning .
and that being with him was the most amazing thing that had ever happened to me .
i let him know that that was a terrible thing to do to you .
the next thing i knew it was morning and paleo was gone .
it was pretty much an accepted thing anymore .
nancy had witnessed the whole thing .
the next thing i knew tape covered my mouth and someone slipped a sack over my head , and i was bodily carried out .
i have never heard of such a thing happening before .
she knew a terrible thing was coming , and she was unable to pull her eyes from the wondrous horror .
i have not read of any such thing in the codex !
and as i looked into his eyes , the strangest thing happened .
or how did he do that thing with the jump rope ?
and then suddenly , the very last thing any of us had expectedor wantedhappened .
and then the last thing in the world that either poindexter or i had expected took place .
you mean , said poindexter slowly , that this whole duel thing was another trick ?
this whole thing was just a big trick , to get me to drink the potion out of pity for you , because i thought it would save you ?
not the blasted tear thing again !
the whole thing was so unreal , that it just had to be a dream .
but such a thing has nt happened since since the kyzer family seized the throne three hundred years ago .
she had been a bit bothered by the whole thing , that was all , but now it was over and she was fine .
a wagon and yoke of oxen , food supplies , that sort of thing .
she had always thought it would be just a thing , a process , like anything else in nature .
its a funny thing this hope .
so she retold the whole thing , this time with all the details .
this state of focus though was not towards the drone of the professor , there was no question of such a thing happening as that drone could put even the most animate of creatures in to a state of listlessness and slackness , rather what kept sameer attentive was the anticipation of what his friend rishabh , sitting a few rows ahead of him , was about to do .
a dismayed sameer asked , the whole thing making no sense to him .
or let me guess , this whole thing was an act to extort money out of me , right ?
go to ludhiana take the songbook first thing this morning , she had taken a bus to ludhiana , and now some twelve hours later , as she stood in front of him , she could say that her trip had not been in vain .
as i continued to make my way down the trail , one thing came to mind .
unfortunately these sort of things occur my dear , clarity said gazing at the tree once again .
as this strange thing was happeningas half the passengers were allowed to get off and the others forbidden from leavingthis woman sat silently , expressionless , except for a tight forehead and a slight frown that probably never left her face .
i do nt have any grain in the fields , but i ve got a little stored , and my boys found a lot of ground barley near an abandoned milltheyll start shipping it in first thing in the morning .
his sweeping gaze did not miss the vines wrapped around the wheel , and he glanced over it as if it was the most natural thing .
you witnessed a remarkable thing , cordis beamed .
aisling spit the tea from her mouth as nolen burst in , a most unladylike thing to do , and the mage stood to his feet , rage painting his face .
the last thing artam saw just before he died was a bear - sized man with a big black beard , dressed in dark leather armour and furs , stepping from the undergrowth and roaring in triumph .
yes , terrifyin , m'lord , it was a hellish thing to behold !
walls the shade of storm slate sky filled me with longing for something i 'd left behind in a childhood barely rememberedan imagined fairyland where little boys lay on a bed of pure white mushrooms and stared up at the heavens , blinking with wonder at every magical thing .
though he had never experienced this holy thing before , the instinct to create another like himself was suddenly there as if it had been waiting for the sound of dimitri 's voice to awaken it .
and yet , the thing that had happened the night before caused me to suddenly wonder just how real any of it really was .
do you want to talk or do you want to waste time looking for logical explanations for every magical thing that ever happens ?
for the two others , a woman and the strangely tagged man , the supposedly final thing is less dramatic : a run - of - the - mill sterile white room with scared and grieving faces looking down into theirs .
louis forster is lingering in a badly distorted memory of a close to final thing .
the other people stare at her , an unusual thing here .
and of course the major thing : the heavy door of her building that had once swung open for him .
the next day the terrible thing happens to her .
he pauses to give emphasis to the great thing to come .
to say nothing of the later things he d visited there so often with marie - claude and so did nt need a guidebook for : notre dame , the flower and the bird markets , the conciergerie , those future things and that future girl maybe only a few hundred yards from where he sits , now weeping , separated from her by thousands of years and death .
the history he had invented for his kingdom stated , in short , that the elves had descended from heaven to end the constant quarrels of mankind , and , therefore , all the hardships the elves inflicted upon their race were penalties , and every good thing they received was more than they deserved .
' never have i seen such a thing ! '
it was stupid to fear a thing you did nt know .
such a thing happened , the mist taking flesh , under the light of a crescent moon a feat of unbelievable strength and will after sensing a beautiful thing and coming closer to see the young man bathing in the river .
such a thing happened , the mist taking flesh , under the light of a crescent moon a feat of unbelievable strength and will after sensing a beautiful thing and coming closer to see the young man bathing in the river .
he performs , he creates tricks of mind and eye , he uses his hands and his skills to make you see a thing that is nt real and make you believe it .
the only thing the dead atlanteans will see on the road to the afterlife is a vision of their emperor .
would nt it be a special thing to allow this pitiful boy a chance to feel special ?
if i had dreamt the whole thing , the delivery would help me forget it .
the last thing she remembered was reaching for her ball underneath the table and knocking it over .
same thing you be seein mav , emerelda said .
and there was nt a blessed thing verica could do about any of it .
she was an orphan , a rare thing in the first den , where death is unknown except by misadventure .
the fact is , she did nt trust him about the new moon thing because she had stopped trusting him about anything .
it was the most shameful thing that had ever happened to anyone , ever , in first den .
the thing that surprised me the most was that it was two young men who were teaching about three or four adults .
` ` since approximately eighty percent of my time at school is spent in class and another twelve percent of my time is spent eating at lunch and another seven percent is spent actually getting to class , then the remaining one percent of my time spent cracking the occasional joke or being ' goofy ' is , in fact , a relatively rare thing for me to be at school , '' he said as he made up the numbers along the way .
i 'll definitely do my part to help her out when i get home from work with things like dishes and laundry and diaper changes and stuff because that 's what a good husband and father does and because i love her it 's a natural thing for me to want to work with her in raising our children you know as a team .
now heres one thing that really stood out to me : before this world was even created and organized , heavenly father chose jesus christ to be our redeemer , our savior .
he experienced every single thing we all went through from the time of our own birth all the way through our physical death .
other than miscalculating the correct percentage amount of their income they should plan on replacing in future dollars , the only other thing so far is that they re in the wrong type of funds .
that 's why they 're often called extraordinary experiences because that 's basically what extraordinary means is that it 's a rare thing to have happen .
the angels remain with the grandmother and grandchild to comfort and strengthen them throughout the whole thing .
it was a difficult thing for me to not put retooling first in the list of emergency budget priorities but i put it as a very close second to emergency savings since if you do nt have the belief that something can go seriously wrong in your financial life then you re less likely to plan to live frugally and be prepared when things do go wrong .
so my dad taught me that it 's a very common thing for artists and others to get ripped off in the music industry by various music executives through bad contract agreements .
it is a very rare thing for one of captain juruzs soldiers to leave his command .
he hoped that the image of voak had been a one - time thing , a horrible flash of memory .
the queen , yadis wife evahaher was one of the first to die in the attack , which was a hectic , bloody thing that ended quickly with few survivors on ebulons side .
in place of thinking strategically about the moment at hand , the entire thing had felt very routine , like his body was simply going through the motions of preparations .
the sound would normally be a terrible thing to hear , but yadi loved such a sound , it was recognition that he had claimed the first kill .
a thing he wanted to avoid at all cost , as it would show just how different he was , just how much more powerful he was compared to those who fought by his side .
morzu had watched the whole thing and he had to drag his eyes like heavy boulders to look back upon the man .
25 seconds later the only thing that changed was black cat noticed the boredom in his eyes and hissed in anger .
but he knew that none amongst them wanted such a thing , they wanted to meet him eye to eye , to show respect to the man who had nothing but respect for them .
we had simply become too complacent and never thought such a thing could happen .
imagine if the same thing had happened on earth .
that s another thing i saw , chris said .
such a thing could only happen if the mytar from this world were killed or never found .
if the same thing happened as happened to alice herself , the waking nightmares would soon be coming on .
alice felt like she wanted to draw tears , but that might be a difficult thing to draw .
this distraction was the second thing that had gone wrong with the party so farthe other thing was that the jabberwock had misread his invitation and showed up an hour early , then left before the ball even began !
this distraction was the second thing that had gone wrong with the party so farthe other thing was that the jabberwock had misread his invitation and showed up an hour early , then left before the ball even began !
its just that they say you promised to be their judge if such a thing happened .
yet she did nt want to hurt the hatters feelings , so she made no mention of it , though she could nt see a thing .
powering my way down the road , the first thing i notice is that the streets are bare .
for that 's the first thing i see : bloodied handprints cover every section of the hide .
well that 's the first thing that 's gone right all day .
next thing you know , they 'll want to do away with hanging for a first offence .
you know , he came round to visit , the other day , and he 's such a funny man , and one thing lead to another , and before you know it , he asked me to be his wife .
presumably in one of the millions of galaxies in the universe , there is some creature who was reminded that it was his wife 's anniversary just before being sealed in a coffin with a shark ; this is probably the only thing more terrifying than public speaking .
next thing i know i m floating in a river .
filbert stood to one side holding the reins of the horses they had recovered after the shaleborough ambush , we almost had them that time , mister grinly , twas a close - run thing .
but last december , the strangest thing that had ever happened to me , well , happened .
i thought i d had nothing more but an incredibly realistic dream , until the same thing happened two weeks later , and then two weeks after that .
we see the same thing over and over .
shuffling papers , looking at , for god 's sake , mortgage - backed securities , energy futures , that sort of thing .
poets , fiction writers , that sort of thing .
i know bad things happen here , but its not woven into our daily lives like in some places .
you know the things that happen here , the things that could happen here , and one thing that could happen is that liz is out there , or that she s in herei pointed to the wall behind meand she needs me to find her .
you know the things that happen here , the things that could happen here , and one thing that could happen is that liz is out there , or that she s in herei pointed to the wall behind meand she needs me to find her .
you know the things that happen here , the things that could happen here , and one thing that could happen is that liz is out there , or that she s in herei pointed to the wall behind meand she needs me to find her .
its like he s been detailing every little thing that s going to happen to you next , saying it over and over .
real estate , bonds , that sort of thing .
i was a kid when they closed the place , but i still remember the weird things i d hear , and i d plug up my ears with my fingers or cover my head with a pillow .
it was the same old thing every day .
its the same thing every day .
the next thing yer gon na feel is my hounds teeth in yer arse if yeh do nt git outa here .
that was the funniest thing i have ever seen .
the most wonderful thing just happened .
that much money could only mean one thing .
maynard and thad saw the whole thing .
he solicited a story using the rich norse language that they shared as their native tongue , what s the scariest thing you ve ever seen ?
it could only mean one thing ; hagar had courageously fallen in battle .
even if there was a good reason for it to happen , they could never keep such a thing secret from the elders .
were taking you home in fastillions sailboat first thing , he told her in micmac algonkin .
i think you ve already had enough of that sort of thing , his tone showed that his anger had downgraded to being mere aggravation .
be there tomorrow first thing the gate opens .
did you notice anyone hanging around where they should nt be , that sort of thing .
the whole thing was hushed up as a training accident , but i do nt think there was much doubt that it was a duel .
maybe his family should come to the capital , anyway , meet your family , all that sort of thing .
raifs parents were going through the same thing .
as you might expect , he s intelligent , well schooled , polite , handsome , all that sort of thing .
seals cracked , but not completely broken , that sort of thing .
i bin doin it for three years now , light loads , empty returns , that sorta thing .
its not the kind of thing you brag to your daughter about .
then when the real thing happened , it was nt as bad as my imagination , because i could do something about it .
it was the last thing she was going to see before going to the great beyond .
it was a one time thing .
and that was one thing she would nt tolerate .
the only thing he d anticipated was the flowing deep blue cloaks legends were famed for wearing .
lyght was prepared to give him the benefit of the doubt , but the whole thing just seemed so extraordinary .
the whole thing seemed odd to lyght , but then again , a lot seemed odd about their mysterious companion .
that s the kind of thing you like to read about , right ?
that was an idiotic thing to agree to .
same thing happened to me .
the next thing lyght knew , he was sent flying , vision flashing with a pulsing black color burned into his retinas .
this is the sort of thing real legends do .
the thing was ; there were multiple things that had happened yesterday that just did nt make sense .
of course , his fight with the other kid yesterday was nt the only thing that confused him .
without waiting for an answer , she continued on , what i just gave you is a message from the king himself , which , so you know , is not an everyday thing .
but there was something that was bothering him lyght would have to go through the letter in more detail later , but one thing that jumped out to him was the , it will be good to see you again part .
i know it seems like too big of a thing to be a coincidence , and i agree with you , the king said .
it was more of an emotional thing .
its its kind of hard to describe , but the most amazing thing to see .
he shook his head , laughing a bit , i have to admit , this is the luckiest thing i ve ever seen , us coming across the very people who found the object on apathy , of all places , and them finding us exactly as they wanted to .
well , just a quick first thing when the crew and i set out to look for you guys , we tried to meet one of our contacts in the north , a man named gairen .
the only thing lyght could think of was that maybe the king had meant this all as a test , and sent a legend trailing them just in case things went badly .
lyght looked down ; this was exactly the sort of thing he had the instinct to ask his dad about , but that obviously was nt an option .
sometimes i dream of things happening in other countries .
every now and then i can get on the internet and find out more about what i saw , but usually its not the sort of thing that makes the news .
he d never heard of such a thing , but it could be possible .
the last thing i remember , we were driving in the humvee .
dj did nt know how he d have made it through without his pack and their touch , nor why one - bodies were so skittish about such a natural thing .
and the third thing he noticed was that echo was gone and dr . semple was standing over him , having apparently just shaken him awake .
the way she described it , the whole thing sounded so much like echo stood up .
instead , the entire thing was more vivid than ever .
next thing i knew , he d sprung out of the chair and was yelling in my face .
the last thing i remember was him hauling me to my feet .
if she thinks you re an asshole , shell plant an idea in your head that ll convince you to do something stupid , and next thing you know , you re fired or your girlfriend dumped you .
if i d been killed , i d hate to have the thing people remember about me be that i was blown up by an ied .
maybe on the west coast , people could shrug this sort of thing off , but they were nt used to earthquakes in sterling ; everyone had vacated their buildings as fast as possible , undoubtedly thinking of the day the world trade center towers fell in manhattan .
if he was checking her for life signs and he could n't find them , it must have been a close thing , because he knew what he was doing .
` ` this is the coolest freakin ' thing that has ever happened , '' said jay with reverence .
did this thing to me ca nt explain it and i ve been feeling weird .
the next thing she knew , her father was shaking her awake .
she wants to go to this stupid thing so she has an excuse to stay at a hotel with her older boyfriend , and well get to be grandparents nice and early .
that is , assuming her overactive imagination had nt simply fabricated the whole thing .
the sad thing is , so much of demon culture really is about macho crap like that , said a familiar voice behind them .
the only thing that made sense was that he d entered the terminal through some unknown back entrance while the demons sam had cursed kept him distracted .
she and khalil exchanged looks again ; it had to be a demon - related thing .
either you give me an order that i can obey curse someone , extend your life at the cost of your soul , that sort of thing or you send me back .
well , ' he continued , ' it seems a rather random thing to write and it does n't make a lot of sense .
ill need an answer fairly soon as we wish to leave first thing tomorrow morning if possible .
after they had walked for a while , talking of this and that inconsequential thing and laughing a lot , a light shower surprised them .
i seem to be apologising for this sort of thing a lot these days , he thought to himself .
what is the worst thing that can happen ?
at first it seemed to swamp her , but then a strange thing happened .
all her wakings had been a thing of dreams , and her dreams , they summoned her to wakings .
what a thing to think , and in thinking , to have thought , bearing the past into the present and with it presentiments of a time to come .
good point , the last thing we need is that worm coming after us , sapphire admitted as she glided along .
but the fact that any god would also have spared a prick like abraham dismissed the existence of such a thing out right .
raymond remembered just one thing when they got back to the others to finish the game .
holding his still throbbing head , he started off back towards the last thing he remembered .
` ` then , the weirdest thing happened , '' she said .
the boy gaped at her pertness , but a mildly amused smile replaced his frown , as he said , i suppose it would not be the worst thing in the world , though i had hoped adan would be my guide again today .
it was the strangest and most wonderful thing i have ever witnessed in many a year in this service .
said the lady , i do not fully know what this is all about , but you will bring the boy to me first thing .
baye nodded , as if it were the most natural thing in the world for a dead man to do so , he smiled in vast amusement , think about it lad , the attrition rate amongst the messengers is frightful , yet i said our assignments are worse than theirs yet there are only a handful of us , which must imply that death is not a permanent condition amongst us .
is that what you fear , dear ella , or is it that your own heart cries out for this very thing yet your mind quails in horror at the mere thought and will do anything to avoid such a doom , even to those closest to you ?
hawk was at brianes side the moment she rose from her place while jace and adan were nowhere to be seen , a sign she felt somehow prophetic of things to come , that somehow they must now grow apart , but she laid aside this disquieting thought as she took hawks arm and allowed him to escort her off to one side of the room where a few of the older apprentices had gathered , however they were not to make it to their intended destination without a delay or two .
ella did not exactly flounce away , as such would not befit a lady of breeding , but it was a near thing .
this was no brush with death from which the boy would soon waken ; he had been touched by the evil one himself , a thing which no mortal creature could endure without tragedy .
it is a dangerous thing to apprentice with the likes of us and have no part in the shadow .
well just cross blades for a bit , work off some steam , that sort of thing , nothing dangerous about that is there ?
he turned grim eyes to the silent figure in the other bed , but that is not the strangest thing i have seen this day .
it will be a nice thing to see .
the only thing that sannah just could nt make out was what the fuck that woman was doing right there .
they had the expression of someone who believed such a thing was not even possible .
and then his feet and hands wo nt be the only thing you will regret .
you re still watching the whole thing with your mortal eyes .
you take the lead , will you ; you 're really good at this sort of thing . ''
he saw the same thing i had .
this is the first great thing to happen to me since i got here .
i knew it sounded crazy , but that thing had been real .
ryan might be a movie star , but he was the one ordinary thing in my life .
at least one good thing came out of this day .
but i did know one thing .
the funny thing is that he was also a coward .
sorry , never heard of such thing .
every time the pendant shined , it could only mean one thing , another user was near .
if there is such a thing i am experiencing it right now .
it was the last thing they spoke of in our history books and their words were few .
the interesting thing is that i do nt recall him being born with two toned skinned .
clarissa licked her lips then said , well , it all happened so fast , so i do nt remember the exact details , but at one , point he was in a headlock then the next thing i know i had him on the ground with my foot to his chest .
it was like i was watching the whole thing again but while it was happening .
only one thing did his mind yet refuse to acceptwhat his eyes could no longer see ... that the land had disappeared .
he did not understand this but it was how he was feeling as he looked up at the one thing they sounded in common , moonfrak learning not to moan the word .
the queerness of the concept of a mapof capturing the movement of the stars , the changes in land formations , and discerning how the winds blow , then sketching on a finely scraped hide and creating a fixed memory of things that were once totally beyond fraks control or even imagination , all this pries opens fraks mind like a fragrant flower unfurling for the first time in springah , the innocence of bees and wind and morning dew !
said in her earth mother tone , as if it were a common , as if it were a natural thing , like why do nt you eat some granola ?
that was the last thing he saw before passing out .
the only thing is , i ca nt find pa and apparently he did nt come home last night .
its not fair to put pricilla in a position of having to share her fashion secrets , anyway no matter how much we need her to spread the word about appropriate royal styles for this hosting thing .
by the way , running off at an early age is a very traditional gypsy thing to have happen .
she revealed that the same thing happens to her .
they said , its a nice safe thing and they love the chill - waxing .
i was desperate to go back in time and experience whatever magical thing happened to make them both glow like heavenly beings .
that was the scariest thing i ve ever been a part of !
at the signing dinner thing at grays place .
tuckers smile was the last thing i saw before the darkness took me chapter forty three haunted whispers sounds of violence angry voices threatening fear of the dark imperceptible shadows feeling of foreboding those were the things i experienced , in that order , while i struggled to come awake .
you re getting a stay on the issue which is a rare thing with me better enjoy , quick .
we kept seeing each other more often , one thing lead to another , and we ended up dating .
well , this might sound cold , but that s not such a big revelation , political marriages are a common thing in prominent families , in fact , your brothers and sisters are in arranged political marriages .
` ` we do n't know yet , the only thing , i heard , was that she had a fight with madam soraya , she ran out of her residence bleeding , and euphoric . ''
maybe things like this happen in other places too big cities like chicago or los angeles or in england , i do nt know .
they should have rules for this sort of thing , she muttered under her breath as she picked up an apple and squash .
i do nt know where the bird thing came from , but were the real phoenix .
the only thing is , sometimes its difficult for my family to find out who i am now .
its a horrible thing , a private thing .
larissa thought the circle was more for the spectacle of the thing .
whether it is first thing in the morning , or high noon , or as the sun is setting .
` ` noble death , '' growling the words , ` ` no such thing , just death , plain and dirty . ''
think the boysll be wantin to rouse ya , strictly skill against skill alone , yknow , that sort of thing .
someone wanted it like this , probably to deter this very thing .
if word spreads to the other covens , and they do as we are now , by snaking out the rogues , it could be the very best thing that s happened in years .
we have a history together he and i , but you know it was criminal the way he orchestrated the whole thing , how he manipulated me .
it was the most ridiculous thing lina had ever witnessed and it made her hate each and every one of them with a passion .
somewhat hopefully , gregory had described his mysterious childhood illness , and it had stumped the gypsy , who d never heard of such a thing .
runes are magic writ down , he d say to gregory , the only one who d listen , ( and talking about runes was the only thing he d take care to slow down for ) .
its the most amazing thing i ve ever seen !
but that book forgot one thing there s more than one level to a forest , and there s more than one level to a brain .
i m remembering things that are nt possible ( like a walking , talking boulder sized flower ) and i do nt know if i m confusing my memories with my dreams .
and that should have been the last thing i remember , because my very next memory is of winnie feeding me chicken soup .
the last thing i remember is a claw through my chest , and then blacking out , gregory said .
its the only other thing the incoming mention other than bandits .
i can remember it clear as anything , though i ca nt remember the pain that claw , sliding in like the sharpest knife ever and it felt cold , really coldand that s the last thing i remember .
which is why losing ones boxes is the worst thing that can happen to a person .
did nt feel a thing but gregory is distracted .
the mage flare carries headmistresss feeling there is fear and horror there , as if she had seen that very thing happen .
the helikans must have done some thing to deserved it held the antidote back to die ?
and the whole thing starts anew .
they say it is a most powerful thing the necromancer looked almost melancholy .
the cards were sent out the first thing next morning .
i ' m sure the last dream that came true was a one - time thing .
we talked about it and decided we were going to tell you first thing saturday , but then it just happened .
the last thing she remembered was reaching for her mumbly ball underneath the table and knocking it over .
` ` same thing you be seein ' mav , '' emerelda said .
it would be no easy thing to escape from the red palace .
and there was n't a blessed thing verica could do about any of it .
he was also worried about where it all was going ; was there some point to it , or would it just be one thing after another ?
that window thing had looked very real , but it had been under tarth sakuls control .
there will be a war , a government will fall , a new prophet will appear , that sort of thing .
the next thing kor knew , lessie was fervently hugging and kissing her .
an exchange of ownership would not be a terrible thing .
but perhaps the most amazing thing would have been the first beginnings of awareness .
well , the people with me all saw about the same thing .
there might be such a thing as a group hallucination , but something would have to cause it .
that s the best reason for studying a new language , said koof , and i think you will find the same thing happens with simple .
but , ah , there s also another thing that could have gone wrong .
at some point , kor had a very strange thought : how arrogant of me , she said to herself , to be upset because one thing happens to me rather than another .
i have never heard of such a thing , said tselig .
the next thing i knew , i was looking down at myself .
oh , tulith , it seems all such a jumble , now that i am telling it , just one thing after another !
her entire form , wrapped in a gown of breathtaking loveliness , was divinely beautiful as well , except for one thing : just below where her navel would be , blood trickled from an open wound .
actually , i do , talek , although i do nt think that such a thing existed in my time .
needless to say , in authoritarian systems the same thing happens .
he wondered whether the real karnak , back in his home , had experienced a similar thing , the destruction of a partial koof persona lodged within himself .
1080 was tempted to call the whole thing off , but he did not want to appear to be afraid .
and , having gotten to know the two of you , i realize that this was not an exceptional thing , that both of you are wonderful , conscientious , and compassionate people .
the same thing will just happen all over again , is all .
to do this , one must build trust and solidarity by whatever means will work : making friends of strangers , sharing wealth , sharing expertise , revealing secrets , exchanging hostages , learning to accept differences , accepting cultural influences , intermarriage , and , if you can bring yourself to trust enough , the greatest thing of all : the destruction of weapons , the destruction of fortifications , and the disbanding of armies and paramilitary organizations .
she was always gentle and kind , except for one thing : i begged her to let me kill myself , but she refused .
* * now , there s another thing , said tolkep .
to some extent , he had dealt with this problem by expanding into other neighborhoods , which still had much to steal ; but he had realized that the same thing would happen there , eventually , and he would be left with a far - flung empire without the resources to sustain it .
its a terrible thing , grallkin , he said .
taking children from their parents is a hard thing , said grrna , and caribil and scorendip are old friends whom i respect , in spite of their recent eccentricities .
we may not understand the details of why that vase had to be broken , norgis , but we know that it was the best thing that could possibly have happened .
besides , added the neophyte , i doubt that he remembered every last thing that happened to him .
recently i was able to ask them about the encounter and they denied the whole thing .
the same horrible thing that always happened to her luminaria .
the same thing happened as bright , crackling magical lines burst from the bolt and ate into the vampires clothes .
the only thing it usually helps is to shorten their lives .
it was almost an unconscious thing it just happened as she gritted her teeth and lurched towards him .
and if that was n't the worst thing that could happen , she slowly finds out that an ancient , thoroughly powerful entity might just be out to curse her .
that kind of thing just did n't happen .
the only thing visible in the darkness was the back and forth of shadows that would clash in battle only to disappear back into the abyss that seemed to spawn them .
a kind of thing causing from my little birdbrain despite my strongest eyesight .
change would be a fine thing the bosniak man answers , who stands nearby the door of the building , picking snot out of his mustache , and gets angry as if someone presses his button by mistake : it does nt come !
maybe because the life is very dull , maybe dealing with the comedy which lost its essence with the belt jokes of men , maybe because she found her real character finally , who knows the thing i know that since after gezi park actions she has never laughed again .
we experienced the same thing in gezi park , did nt we ?
one day one day a very weird thing happened what happened ?
when someone talks of the sun , the solar flares and that gigantic thing come to my mind .
the wrong is not a thing that you can erase it by learning the truth at all .
the wrong is a systematic thing .
the only thing i remember that i was adopted .
life is what a strangelalanssh thing !
a latecomer death is a thing what an eagle fears mostly .
i m so glad you brought me presents , i have nt had a plaything in a long while , well since that thing .
you re not still angry about that thing with puppies , tome asked in bored tone .
what , that thing with the rabbits ?
first thing i checked , tome said irritably .
it was the worse thing i ve ever seen , she admitted .
as far as i know , no one i know has killed a human , but it was nt the type of thing you readily admitted .
okay , so the first thing i want to see is you put up your shield .
he was trying to hurt kitto over some stupid thing that happened centuries ago .
` ` galen and frost are correct about one thing .
she 'd always hated the fact that she spoke with her hands ; she thought it was a common thing to do .
the only thing worse than one of these scenes fresh would be a really old one . ''
kitto 's crimson - washed face with a blood - soaked sage on his shoulder was the last thing i saw before darkness swallowed the world .
one thing i did know .
i think he would have released me then , but the third thing happened on the heels of his pain , with my fingers plunged inside the meat of his body .
it was a startling thing against the utter blackness of his skin .
he did not mention doyle , though , and i found it a strange thing to leave out .
if either of those things happen they will be kicked out of this , the last country on earth that would have them . ''
if doyle and abe had n't gotten hurt , it would have been a lovely thing .
but fertility magic is sometimes an unpredictable thing , and i was nervous .
` ` i never thought i would see such a shameful thing . ''
how do love and sanity survive such a thing ?
he said it as if it were the most normal thing in the world .
i think i passed out again , because the next thing i knew was a cool hand on my face .
the pain became a duller ache instead of a blinding thing .
now i saw them for what they were , a stand - in for the real thing .
i reached out to galen , and he took my hand , as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
then came the first distant breath of ozone , like a storm that had n't quite reached us yet , but the scent of it rode the wind and promised great and terrible things .
` ` i ' ve only heard stories of this kind of thing .
if you are sidhe enough to look upon me , that would be a fine thing , but what if i did bespell you ?
which meant that once even a kiss from melangell had been a dangerous thing .
it was a wonderful thing to lie between them , but almost as soon as i thought it , my body let me know that once the endorphins had faded completely i was going to be hurting , because i was hurting just a little now .
great furies know it 's a terrible thing to kill a man . ''
what were the odds that such a thing would happen only hours before the crown 's messenger arrived in the valley ?
i left first thing morning to speak with isana . ''
we would have heard of such a thing , would n't we ? ''
` ` it was a near thing , '' fidelias said .
i ' ve never experienced such a thing before , between any of the cities , much less flying from the far provinces . ''
how are you doing , little things that happened at home , that she 's staying at the manor of someone named nedus on garden lane . ''
did you think that you could possibly survive such a thing ?
and sara was not a woman who found sharing confidences an easy thing .
not the kind of thing kids should be watching .
after the crash , after he 'd landed right in the middle of the piano and then driven through the floor to the function space on the lower level , the thing that surprised jack was that he started to float upward again through the hole he 'd just made .
` ` which is , i suppose , the only fortuitous thing to come out of this mess . ''
there was a thing the man who had hurried her from the hotel last night as the police cars wailed their red - and - blue way to the latest battle scene , had suggested when they talked in the early hours of this morning .
they 're heavily into the strength of the family unit and that type of thing ; we ' ve got a lot of sympathy pull to use there . ''
the whole thing happened in his head .
' it would have been the first i ' ve heard of such a thing .
' there does n't seem to be anyone else aboard who might know about such a thing , does there ? '
tell her about that forge of the gods thing , she 'll like that !
' you ' ve seen this sort of thing before ? '
the young man , however , merely blinked ; he suspected he ought to do something about it , if he had been at all surprised that such a thing had happened .
' uh , ' he blinked , ' it 's rather a hard thing to forget . '
' the only thing i do n't think is that there 'll be enough of your treacherous little corpse left to paint the beach with after i ' m done with you , ' gariath snorted , apparently unimpressed .
that 's one thing i can do to demons . '
he did not resist , did not feel fear at such a thing , did not hear the cry of his body for breath .
twenty - nine burn a blade was a peculiar thing to feel , asper thought .
that hardly seems like a nice thing to ... steady .
denaos always says this sort of thing happens ... but only with lots of whiskey .
' maybe the whole thing was ... was imaginary , a hallucination .
' i have never seen such a thing . '
i do n't know , some magic thing 's happened to him . '
they do this ... thing ... where they look at me with one eye , then look at something else with the other , and they keep moving in different directions and ... never mind .
in short , i have to say that teji might be the best thing that happened to me .
some explained it as most of the population being ill from some manner of disease , a very select few raving about shicts being behind the whole thing .
' we learned he was a priest , a daeonist , who had thought to put his talents to help his church : repairing roofs , warding off sainites , that sort of thing .
' there is a word for this sort of thing ... ' sheraptus hummed , tossing the head away .
his own grin diminished slightly , seeing such a thing .
his cry was a weak and pitiful thing against her roar as she yanked hard .
in its empty eyes , he saw a kind of relief , the same kind that followed an important thing remembered after having been forgotten for so long .
the same thing happened the next year ... for as long as i was there .
another thing to be ashamed of .
dreadaeleon did not consider himself a squeamish man ; having cooked people alive with his hands and a word tended to preclude such a thing .
` ` this sort of thing happens to me a lot . ''
she had caused the whole thing .
the voice of her mind and body , spirit and anger , was a sporadic thing : snarling one moment , spitting the next , then whimpering , then weeping , then roaring .
it was all to describe the same thing , though : the night the houndmistress , champion of the common people of cier'djaal and bane of the criminal syndicates that haunted her streets , was brutally murdered in her bed .
` ` a long and decadent thing of many names and deeds , each one exaggerated as a tapestry should be .
inside his head , there were words being spewed in a language he could n't understand , some things about logic , sense , not dying a horrible death under purple hands , that sort of thing .
the last thing he saw was the beast 's mouth open a little wider .
like it 's the funniest thing in the world .
in the blur of motion , the only thing that lenk could even be vaguely sure of was that he was n't dead .
have you seen this kind of thing before or ... '' ` ` it was impressive to begin with , but now i ' ve seen it , '' kataria replied .
the first thing he heard was the netherling barking a command .
the second thing he heard was the crunch of sand beneath giant claws .
the netherlings had no word for such a thing .
` ` it 's like ... that thing in the statue .
xhai 's voice was a croaking thing , a voice that belonged to something without a throat .
it is a strange thing to see . ''
his voice was a hollow , fading thing .
` ` the thing is , i never knew what my last words were going to be .
` ` which might affect the glory of this whole thing , '' dreadaeleon said .
he found himself watching the body language of the guards , of the other inmates , searching for a clue to the bad thing that was going to happen , as he was certain that it would .
they do that kind of thing over in madison .
` ` what was that spider thing ? ''
if we 're still loved and remembered , something else a whole lot like us comes along and takes our place and the whole damn thing starts all over again .
and , for a moment he thought that the whole thing was funny , just the funniest thing in the world ; and he wondered if laura would appreciate the joke .
and , for a moment he thought that the whole thing was funny , just the funniest thing in the world ; and he wondered if laura would appreciate the joke .
even so , the next thing that happened , happened like this : at the foot of lookout mountain men and women were gathered around a small bonfire in the rain .
like the whole uppsala thing .
the new gods are as quickly taken up as they are abandoned , cast aside for the next big thing .
it was one last thing that needed to happen , and if it was the last thing that happened , well , he was going there of his own volition .
he wondered whether home was a thing that happened to a place after a while , or if it was something that you found in the end , if you simply walked and waited and willed it long enough .
the sheriff looked surprised , as if the last thing she 'd ever expected had been that i would ask her questions .
this thing is going to focus attention on doraville ... . well , i guess you - all know what it 's like .
the last thing i remember is trying to throw my hands out to break my fall , but only one of them answered my command .
the next thing i knew , i was in a dim warm room , and i had the impression i was wrapped in swaddling clothes .
the year before , out of the blue , i 'd had an episode of tinnitus that had finally cleared up ; and the only thing i 'd ever been able to attribute it to was the lightning strike when i was fifteen .
of course if you experience any dizziness , nausea , that kind of thing , it 's time to get back in the bed . ''
the most interesting thing that happened after her departure was the tray guy removing my emptied tray .
yes , it 's a sad thing .
but the only thing that happened was a lot of talk .
we leave first thing in the morning , pausing only for drust to set orna 's remains aflame , so she ca n't return to life as one of the undead .
i thought death was the worst thing i had to fear but now i know better .
he 'd expected her to try again but had n't felt a thing in three weeks , maybe because of where he 'd been while healing .
` ` i never heard of such a thing before , and i hope i never do again when it is over with .
` ` there 's only one thing it can be ; they must be needed more somewhere else , '' granby said , ` ` and likely enough it 's the same reason they sent us for the eggs in the first place ; only if the channel is not under bombardment , the trouble must be somewhere overseas - some great upset in india , or trouble in halifax - ` ` ` ` oh !
` ` here is a fine thing , all our hosts assembled to greet us , '' he said , his french oddly accented , opening up a glass to survey over the prussian army with particular attention to the ranks flowing away onto the road north .
` ` but it is a different thing to see with one 's own eyes .
` ` i never heard of such a thing , grown ferals agreeing to go into harness ; how did you persuade them ? ''
being in league with those creatures was about the vilest thing any of us could be accused of .
the only thing i felt certain of was that it could n't be easy for any of them .
just the kind of thing you 'd picture for an old vampire .
the world was doing that thing where it started to spin , and i worried i was going to faint .
` ` well , that 's the thing : i do n't sleep at night anymore because i have to come save you from your own idiocy .
even if we had no idea who this melody was , a strigoi killing was still a terrible , tragic thing .
one positive thing did happen , at least .
laurel 's screams brought miss carson running in - shocked as the rest of us at the seemingly impossible thing we 'd just witnessed .
fortunately , the next - best thing came when the receptionist called the threesome in to meet with a lawyer .
` ` lee 's the best thing that 's happened to me here ! ''
such a thing was n't even possible .
based on what i 'd observed in others , i assumed it was an amazing thing ... but for now , i was too busy with my job to notice its absence .
first thing tomorrow , i ' m going to call stanton and ask that they pull you now .
one thing i also immediately discovered was that kelly was definitely not a moroi .
there was only one terrible thing i was beginning to be certain of .
it was the most awful thing i 'd ever witnessed .
the new orleans team will leave first thing - ` ` a commotion sounded from the restaurant 's foyer : heavy footsteps , voices arguing .
he 'd first thought it was just some physical thing that came along with fortune 's ace , a minor joker manifestation ... ... ` ` she brought us here yesterday , '' john fortune said with what seemed unnatural control .
but it was a near thing . ''
a cloud of wasps literally buzzed across the room and next thing jonathan was getting on his pants .
mismatched greaves , nonstandard - length spears , that kind of thing . ''
the only thing truly forbidden was marriage .
i mean , some of the marat are , um , sort of indiscriminate when it comes to that kind of thing , and a lot of their riders are around me every time i move around , so it 's inevitable that some idiots are going to start spouting rumors about it , but it is n't really like that . ''
the galling thing was that to a certain extent , arnos was probably correct .
that thing with the shark ... and i ' ve never even heard of anyone moving through the water that way .
` ` little late at night for that kind of thing in this part of town , '' the shorter legionare said .
another thing i had n't been able to stop , even as a djinn .
` ` hey , sara , '' i said , like seeing her was the most normal thing in the world .
dream or not , i was more than happy enough to hold on to it ; i woke up cradled in warm arms , against a firmly muscled male chest , and smiled and cuddled closer and refused to open my eyes and find out that i 'd imagined the whole thing .
it was still possible i 'd dreamed the whole thing , that quinn had been the one to catch me down in the lobby and carry me back up here .
one thing i could tell - he believed what he was saying .
he 's looking for the same thing we are .
` ` the earthquake thing , it 's better .
maybe i just imagined the whole thing . ''
jace saw the whole thing . ''
jace followed the cat as if this were the most natural thing in the world , indicating with a wave of his hand that clary and simon were to fall into step behind him .
` ` if there was such a thing as terminal literalism , you 'd have died in childhood , '' said jace , brushing dust off the windowsill and eyeing it as if considering whether it was clean enough to sit on .
he sounded weary , as if he 'd been through this sort of thing with his sister before .
` ` the best thing i ' ve ever seen- '' ` ` that 's because you do n't have your glasses on , '' she said weakly , but if she 'd expected a smart - aleck response , she did n't get one .
` ` the weird thing is '' -simon wound a curl of her hair around his finger- '' i was joking with isabelle about vampires right before it all happened .
she wondered if it was the sort of thing you survived or not .
then again , she 'd missed the same thing in simon .
` ` it 's not a funny game where the worst thing that happens is you get a bad dice roll .
` ` what ' hey ' thing ? ''
` ` here 's the thing , '' he began , and i felt chance tense beside me .
i 'd never have guessed you could get information about this kind of thing so fast from online contacts . ''
booke sounded subdued , and i gathered the impression that this sort of thing comprised his primary social outlet .
by the time everyone else woke , i wondered if i 'd dreamed the whole thing , as in a dream that did n't mean anything , not a lucid dream or an out - of - body experience .
the whole thing had just been too strange .
if there was such a thing as reincarnation , he would ' ve been an inquisitor in another life .
the funny thing was , butch did n't growl once .
last thing , i fed chuch and eva some crushed ice , hoping that would tide them over until we returned .
the next thing i knew , the whole world lit up with blue - white fire .
` ` well , if that is n't the sweetest thing . ''
i tried for hours , but i could n't see a thing , just swirling , inky fog .
we 're warding this place first thing , assuming we can even find what we need in this godforsaken backwater . ''
first thing , i called saldana , knowing he was probably here - or nearly so - by now , depending on what time he 'd left texas .
the sweetest thing after the other two retired , chance came back into the parlor .
` ` the freaky thing is , i do n't think anybody is looking for them . ''
i know about the thing in the woods , and that there 's evil running free in town .
and what a strange thing to wonder about a man you once slept with .
` ` same thing that happened to holly jarrett , timothy sparks , david prentice , '' martha sang out .
he did n't cry in my arms because that would n't be a chance thing to do , but he trembled , and he let me comfort him .
i listened to the water running in the bathroom , and the next thing i knew , it was a long time later .
once , i 'd thought he was the best thing ever to happen to me .
one of them smashes a fist into my temple , and that 's the last thing i see .
the next thing i knew , chance was kissing me , passionately , furiously .
first thing , i cracked open the battery and plugged in our phones .
hell of a thing to celebrate .
` ` it 'll be a near thing , corine .
the next thing i knew , it was late morning ... and i was alone .
and some of it was the kind of thing that put you off your coffee and doughnuts .
then the guard glanced over at grier and smiled tightly , as if he did n't like the whole thing but was going to be professional about it .
maybe it was a religious thing .
and matthias had sat on the floor of his bedroom and watched the whole thing , idly turning the knob on the radio that woke him up for school , looking for a good song among all the crap on the airwaves .
isaac had been in the boston vicinity only twice , and both times had been for pass - through trips on his way overseas -- the kind of thing where all he did was walk across a tarmac at otis air force base down on cape cod .
` ` that 's always the thing , is n't it . ''
` ` i ca n't ... breathe ... ... '' next thing she knew , isaac was putting a paper bag up to her mouth .
god ... you could stop this whole damn thing -- '' her voice cracked as she thought of her brother .
and he would hurt her in ways that made that special thing isaac had shared with her down in the cellar impossible for her to enjoy ever again .
` ` but here 's the thing , isaac .
the first thing she saw was her father upright in the chair .
the soldier was going to have a hard enough time making sense of all the things that could n't be explained -- more contact with jim was just going to give him another thing to get fucked in the head about .
not , of course , that temeraire wished for any such thing to happen ; only , if it had - well , it had not ; he sighed , peering over at the sadly abbreviated list of officers that laurence had jotted down .
a promising career blighted , a family heritage disgraced , and the only thing laurence could not reproach himself for was that by some small grace they had not hanged him .
` ` i do not see how pahuac could have expected any such thing to happen : no - one could , '' he said .
` ` i ought to be more grateful , '' granby said , ` ` seeing how i have had one close - run thing of it after another , and i am n't in the ground yet ; and i do n't mean to complain , but what a nuisance it will be , '' answering laurence , who had complimented him on the progress of the healing stump .
crassus had seen his first blood spilled , and he looked too young to be dealing with such a thing , even to tavi .
probably tried to blast the gate down , first thing . ''
` ` rising up against gaius is one thing , '' the water figure said .
when the canim came , the first thing tavi saw was the crows .
tavi had been waiting for just such a thing .
it seemed that such a thing should have been a great deal noisier .
crows , as it was , thanks to her costume , she was going to be windburned and chapped in places human beings rarely suffered such things .
the thing that gimli did n't realize was that chrysalis had her own priorities .
he was naked , and at first he seemed to have too many limbs , but jay finally decided that the long swollen thing between his legs was a tail .
he had a good memory for things like that ; the flashing red light was replaced by a steady green .
` ` what 's this big thing i ' m supposed to be getting all excited about ? ''
the other networks were showing the same thing , as was cnn , but he found an old movie on ted turner 's superstation .
the leather boy sliced off his arm clean at the shoulder like it was the easiest thing in the world and turned back to tachyon .
i looked right into that son of a bitch 's face when he was crawling toward me , and the only thing that popped into my mind was this nightmare i ' ve been having since i was a kid . ''
` ` are you just being a pain in the ass because you 're here , or is your little death thing putting you in a bad mood ? ''
` ` you know what she 's like when she 's not on them and the last thing she needs to go through again is another meltdown . ''
` ` the professor is my dad 's brother and i stopped by to say hi ... one thing lead to another . ''
` ` you 're probably wondering where i ' ve been for the last few days and why i ran off after that thing with that man who had the x on his eye . ''
she 's a little intense , and that whole thing with garrick .
the next thing i know gary is on the floor clutching his jaw and asher is standing over him .
and then there 's the mackenzie thing ... '' i have n't shared the truth about that with raven yet .
i pause , one thing still bothering me .
and the funny thing is that it does n't even matter .
the next thing i know , someone 's stroking my cheek , and i ' m yanked out of my sleep and back to reality .
` ` you say you were there , but the only thing i saw was the anamotti . ''
and plus , if she is part of this whole grim angel thing , then she 's in trouble . ''
` ` it 's a stupid reaper thing . ''
it was the most shocking thing she experienced until loch died .
dervish does n't pause , which is the only thing that saves him .
next thing i know , i ' m on the floor of my bedroom , my baby brother art cradled to my chest .
` ` the weird thing is that the license plate was black with yellow letters , '' she continued .
in her experience , the better she was able to visualize that kind of thing , the deeper she was in trouble , and that had been , well , vivid .
` ` not a damn thing happening to me , either , '' she said , ` ` except that i ' m about to od on caffeine .
` ` it 's the sort of thing you ca n't prove , jasmine .
it would be the easiest thing in the world to stalk out of here , leave borden twisting in the wind .
the cops who 'd been by had been , if not tearfully grateful , at least cautiously pleased by the whole thing , and more than willing to accept the explanation she 'd come up with as to how she , manny and lucia had come to intercept the killer .
one thing led to another , cases came up , we solved them .
the last thing she wanted was for him to learn more about lucia garza , and what she 'd done in the name of causes and country .
lucia wondered if he was thinking about the same thing happening to his missing wife .
also , this is just a one - off thing .
` ` so i am not sure what the rules are about this sort of thing .
i ' m a virgin ... at this sort of thing .
but i shook my head no , and the next thing i knew , sage was lifting me in his arms and somehow depositing me up on the top bunk .
the last thing i heard was the sound of something wet and heavy being dragged , and the last thing i saw was a long , low shadow passing along the walls , heading out the bus door .
the last thing i heard was the sound of something wet and heavy being dragged , and the last thing i saw was a long , low shadow passing along the walls , heading out the bus door .
the funny thing was i always thought it would .
the next thing i knew i was being slammed against the wall and he was holding me against it .
whatever thing i thought i 'd seen was gone and now graham was on the ground , clutching his nose that was dripping blood on the linoleum .
could one thing be the result of the other ?
the next thing i knew i was being lowered into a hard bed with scratchy sheets .
the funny thing was , i did n't mince words either .
the funny thing was - and i know i was thinking of too many romantic movies - but i really had expected sage to be there , running toward me , ready for an embrace .
chapter twelve dawn sleeping on a rocky beach may not have been the most comfortable thing in the world , but i was just so grateful that i 'd gotten any sleep at all .
i was afraid to let her out of my sight , afraid for each other thing that approached , knowing , always f**king knowing , that something was out there coming for her .
the translators had to work fast to make sure the correct questions came through , though i had to say they were at least a smiling bunch of hacks , which made the whole thing a lot more bearable .
the funny thing was , it was n't hard to do .
jacob asked , apparently unfazed by this thing that seemed conjured up from my own nightmares .
( although in trob the last word in fact became ` ` a thing which may happen but once in the usable lifetime of a canoe hollowed diligently by axe and fire from the tallest diamondwood tree that grows in the noted diamondwood forests on the lower slopes of mount awayawa , home of the firegods or so it is said . ` ` ) .
you know , people swinging on chandeliers , swordfights over the table , the sort of thing hrun the barbarian and the weasel are always getting involved in .
about the most exciting thing that happened to me was knocking some ink over .
the last thing he heard before the flashing blue lights of unconsciousness closed in was a high reptilian scream of frustration , and the thrashing of talons in the treetops .
the usual upshot of this sort of thing is a vast explosion but , since universes are fairly resilient things , this particular universe had saved itself by instantaneously unravelling its spacetime continuum back to a point where the surplus atoms could safely be accommodated and then rapidly rewinding back to that circle of firelight which for want of a better term its inhabitants were wo nt to call the present .
one stiff punch with the weight of terror behind it sent the man tumbling over the balcony rail and into the pond , which did a very strange thing ; the water smacked aside as though a large invisible balloon had been dropped into it , and the hydrophobe hung screaming in his own revulsion field .
do n't ask me how i knew - i suppose it was because it was just about the worst possible thing that was likely to happen . ''
it was the sort of thing you expected in the street of alchemists .
' saw a funny thing this mornin ' , ' he said .
' oh , lead into gold , that sort of thing , ' said victor .
' do a lot of this sort of thing , do you ? '
' it 's the best thing that 's ever happened , ' said ginger flatly .
i want those posters all round the city first thing tomorrow . '
' i mean , an ostrich here , a giraffe there ... it 's not the sort of thing you get remembered for ... ' he stared at the purple - grey horizon .
it was the sort of thing that happened all the time in books .
victor felt that much the same thing was happening to him .
there used to be a lot of that sort of thing .
one thing i ' m not doin ' , i ' m not sort of keepin ' an eye on her .
' that sort of thing , ' nodded dibbler .
you did n't get this sort of thing in clicks .
' that 's the odd thing , ' said victor .
' -and next thing , pimple was hammering on the door of the assassins ' guild , and then old scummidge , who was the porter there , heehee , he was a right terror , anyway , he came out , mm , and then the guards come around the corner- ' ' all ready ?
' i ' ve heard about that sort of thing , ' the bursar whimpered .
it could n't create a real thing that 'd last for more than a second , because that took a lot of power .
i mean , the first time the things broke through the entire city was destroyed and the survivors fled everywhere , you see , but everyone has this way of remembering even things that happened to their ancestors , i mean , it 's like there 's this great big pool of memory and we 're linked , up to it and when it all started happening again we were all called to the place , and you tried to put it right , only it was weak so it could n't get through to you unless you were asleep- ' he trailed off helplessly . '
' we never had this sort of thing in my young days , ' said granny .
there was of course no such thing as a typical witch 's cottage , but if there was such a thing as a non - typical witch 's cottage , then this was certainly it .
pictures fallin ' off walls , clocks stopping ... great big wardrobes falling down the stairs ... that sort of thing . '
' this sort of thing happens all the time , ' she said .
there must be lots of people fed up with highwaymen and ... and being seasick and that sort of thing . '
esme is getting to act just like a foreigner , yesterday she took her shawl off , next thing it will be dancing on tables .
' it must be that bull thing magrat mentioned , ' she said .
as far as lagro te kabona , innkeeper , could remember the events of that day , they seemed to happen like this : it was the time of the thing with the bulls .
normally , the three of them would have welcomed this sort of thing .
' the thing to watch out for now , ' she said , ' is when she goes ` ` tch , tch , tch '' under her breath .
' one of the woodcutters told me , ' said magrat , ' that there 's been other odd things happening in this forest .
dear jason et everybody , what a life , all kinds of thing gain on , what with talkin wolves and women asleep in castles , i shall have a story or two to tell you when i gets back and no mistake .
' funny thing is , it looked a bit like a little house . '
i expect you 're used to this sort of thing , ' she said .
' funny thing , ' said ella .
' it 's the sort of thing lily does .
you ca n't stop this sort of thing .
then she wrote : dear jason unt so witer ( as they say in foreign parts ) , well here 's a thing yore ole mum doin time in prison again , i m a old lag , you ll have to send me a cake with a phial in it and i shall have little arrows on my close just my joke .
' then the first thing that 's going to happen is the end of the ball .
' in one of desiderata 's books , ' said magrat , ' she says that there 's a very interesting thing about seeing elephants .
that sort of thing is usually embarrassing when it happens in a god - fearing family , but all brutha had was his grandmother , and she believed too .
well , you see , brutha , '' said brother nhumrod , twitching gently , ` ` this sort of thing is not unknown among young men recently called to the church .
this sort of thing has never happened to me before .
you know the sort of thing ? ''
a tortoise in a crevassed , rocky landscape was used to this sort of thing .
holy fire , that kind of thing .
` ` that 's a funny thing , '' said om .
then before that , i think , there was some kind of an underwater thing that shot sharpened logs into the bottom of ships . ''
` ` you 'd want a priest for that sort of thing , '' said the barman .
` ` gods do n't like that sort of thing , '' said the barman .
next thing , there 's a bolt of lightning through the roof with a note wrapped round it saying ` yes , we do ' and a pair of sandals with smoke coming out .
every ? thing around him was happening in some distant cir ? cle of light , surrounded by darkness .
funny thing . ''
` ` i was told it was the finest thing to die for a god , '' he mumbled .
jason ogg , master blacksmith and farrier , pumped the bellows of his forge once or twice for the look of the thing , and sat down on his anvil again .
` ` the same thing happened when i tried to give people lessons in natural childbirth . ''
` ` we better get up there first thing tomorrow , '' said nanny ogg .
and another thing ... '' it was hard to imagine what other thing there could be , but nanny ogg said ` ` yes ? ''
witches generally act as layers - out of the dead as well as midwives ; there were plenty of people in lancre for whom nanny ogg 's face had been the first and last thing they 'd ever seen , which had probably made all the bit in the middle seem quite uneventful by comparison .
there 's a thing .
you remember that sort of thing . ''
magrat had thought this sort of thing was just a joke , but it was true .
` ` funny thing , how things go round in circles ... '' ` ` no they do n't , '' said granny weatherwax firmly .
` ` do n't be ridiculous , man , '' said ridcully , ` ` there 's no such thing as dwarf smuggling . ''
` ` i suppose we 'd have settled down , had children , grandchildren , that sort of thing ... '' granny shrugged .
` ` that 's the sort of thing they go on about in the high energy magic building .
` ` do n't really understand how it works , stibbons is the man for this sort of thing , i thought i 'd help them out ... '' ` ` lucky you were going bald , eh ? ''
seems they just freeze up , kind of thing . ''
this kind of thing happens to me all the time ! ''
` ` the second thing , '' corrected magrat .
there were some b - urning wagons , corpses , that sort of thing .
barbarian hordes , warring tribesmen , bandit armies ... that sort of thing . '
i just finds a cushy spot to spend my nights along at the high energy magic building at the university , no - one told me about all this bloody magic leaking out the whole time , next thing i know i open me eyes , head starts fizzing like a dose of salts , oh - oh , thinks i , here we go again , hello abstract conceptualizing , intellectual development here we come ... what bloody use is that to me ?
' it 's the coming thing , ' said carrot .
there 's perfectly normal magic available for that kind of thing .
we do n't let things lie any more ... ' maybe he was cleaning a club , sort of thing , and it accidentally went off , ' said nobby .
i ca n't be having with that sort of thing , people messing up the hallways , waving torches and stuff . '
well , there 's a thing . '
' the thing about this axe , ' said cuddy , ' the interesting thing , is that it 's a throwing axe .
' i do n't like this sort of thing .
this sort of thing happened all the time , although up until now only on the inner side of his head .
' the thing is , he 's going to be unchained right now . '
that was the strange thing , colon remembered later .
look , ' said gaspode gloomily , ' the first thing i remember in my life , right , the first thing , was being thrown into the river in a sack .
look , ' said gaspode gloomily , ' the first thing i remember in my life , right , the first thing , was being thrown into the river in a sack .
' but the thing is ... now , i know what you 're thinking , is this gaspode obeyin ' orders from a human ? '
it 's that time of the month , that sort of thing .
soppy people in books did that sort of thing .
' yah , but dat sort of thing ai n't for our kind of music , ' said cliff .
' dat sort of thing is for big fat guys in powdered wigs . '
' it 's a bit ... um ... thing ... nasty to people ... had it a moment ago ... ' the corporal snapped his fingers .
but ... there was the thing in the apple tree .
' but the thing is , ' said glod , ' the thing is ... they did love us out there . '
mind you , first thing this morning he 'd sold some to some wizards .
i mean , it 's the kind of thing you can imagine happenin ' . '
that 's the sort of thing that happens a lot in these parts . '
' the rat says that 's not the worst thing , ' said the raven .
' oh , it 's the latest thing , ' said glod .
there was no such thing as a whisper in ankh - morpork when the sum involved had the word ' thousand ' in it somewhere ; people could hear you think that kind of money in ankh - morpork .
he 'd never believed in this sort of thing .
' well , the ants are n't very good at differential analysis , so- ' ' and that strange wobbly thing with the cuckoo ? '
' that kind of thing , yes .
you mean like ... lots of armies outside , everyone inside eating rats , that sort of thing ? '
went down to a village to pick up some news , one thing led to another , next thing a load of soldiers were all over the place like cheap armour , and i ca n't fight that well with my arms shackled behind my back .
there was a lot of shouting but the comforting thing , the important thing , was that it was all behind him .
the point was ... whatever caused that sort of thing was n't usually the reason for it .
rincewind had picked up an instinct for this sort or thing .
' the guards will drag you off to the forbidden city where there 's this special thing they do with- ' ' i ' ve heard about it , ' said rincewind .
you mean hanging from high places , that sort of thing ...
the same thing had happened to him .
' there is one other thing about his army , actually , ' said someone .
on a night like this , said death , the only certain thing is uncertainty .
about the only thing the entrails were telling him was that if he got out of this alive he , the soothsayer , might be lucky enough to enjoy a nice chicken dinner .
' funny thing , though .
then he thought : a real soldier probably does n't like this sort of thing .
there 's a thing , ' said rincewind .
' well , now , there 's a thing , ' cohen said , feeling for his tobacco pouch .
the old blokes say that sort of thing used to happen all the time , back in the dream . '
' take you out of yourself , sort of thing ... ' nanny went on , watching her friend carefully .
peopled told him this sort of thing happened .
there 's a thing , ' she said .
' i mean , it 's not the sort of thing that- ' the room fell silent .
' next thing i knew , there was a rope around my neck and i was upside - down ! '
after a really good performance , sopranos would find a box of chocolates in their dressing- room , that sort of thing .
' sharing the same gutter in the back streets of ankh - morpork , kind of thing ? '
it had been as if she 'd stood outside herself , watching the whole thing .
' first thing tomorrow , ' said granny , ' we 'll go and see mr goatberger the almanack man again .
then she could have believed she 'd imagined the whole thing .
' snow , ice , frost ... that sort of thing , ' said salzella .
' well , there 's a thing , ' said granny , without moving her head .
' this sort of thing does not happen . '
first thing i 'd smash , if i was a loony . '
no wizard could sleep with this sort of thing going on - the build - up of raw magic was rising through the university like a tide .
the point is that descriptive writing is very rarely entireliy accurate and during the reign of olaf quimby ii is patrician of ankh some legislation was passed in a determined attempt to put a stop to this sort of thing and introduce some honesty into reporting .
quite a lot of things happened this morning , people were born , people died , all the trees grew a bit taller , ripples made interesting patterns on the sea- ' i mean about the octavo , ' said galder coldly .
' it 's what happens when people spend five hundred years trying to get a stone circle to work properly and then someone comes up with a little book with a page for every day and little chatty bits saying things like ` ` now is a good time to plant broad beans '' and ` ` early to rise , early to bed , makes a man healthy , wealthy and dead , '' and do you know what the most important thing to remember about culture shock . '
' what sort of thing ? '
this sort of thing has been going on for centuries , and caused a number of major battles which have left large tracts of land uninhabitable because of magical harmonics .
' this sort of thing happens to me all the time , ' said rincewind .
' this red star thing . '
this sort of thing was n't supposed to happen .
it was not the best thing to see when awakening from troubled dreams ... magic !
' you 're not worried about this star thing , then ? '
' funny thing is , ' said twoflower , ' that i bought my luggage in a shop like this , once .
and many of the observers realised that dropping towards them was the single most magical thing on the discworld .
the last thing susan heard before the door shut was ' dashed convincin ' , the way she bent the poker like that- ' she waited .
that sort of thing led to talk .
' you probably did n't see a thing . '
10 who was ( according to sideney 's mother ) a bit of a catch since her father owned a half - share in an eel pie shop in gleam street , you must know her , got all her own teeth and a wooden leg you 'd hardlynotice , got a sister called continence , lovely girl , why did n't she invite her along for tea next time he was over , not that she hardly saw her son the big wizard at all these days , but you never knew and if the magic thing did n't work out then a quarter - share in a thriving eel pie business was not to be sneezed at ...
' it 's just that people expect , you know , sad big - eyed kids , kittens lookin ' out of boots , little doggies , that sort of thing . '
you 're starting off with a handicap , sort of thing . '
anyway , then later on it sinks to the level of religion and then they start this business where some poor bugger finds a special bean in his tucker , oho , everyone says , you 're king , mate , and he thinks ` ` this is a bit of all right '' only they do n't say it would n't be a good idea to start any long books , 'cos next thing he 's legging it over the snow with a dozen other buggers chasing him with holy sickles so 's the earth 'll come to life again and all this snow 'll go away .
next thing you know , there 's a job vacancy .
' you ... well , you get branches slapping you in the face , fleas , that sort of thing .
' well , it 'll make sure of one thing , ' said albert .
' funny thing , that , ' said ridcully , in the same thoughtful tone of voice .
funny thing is , all the glasses on the table are pint mugs ... ' bilious fell forward .
or , f ' r instance , say a friend of mine was on patrol , sort of thing , and found a shopkeeper had left his door unlocked at night .
' very traditional time for this sort of thing , i understand , ' said albert .
' ca n't have this sort of thing going on .
' i keep thinking it was a funny thing , us bumping into your grand - daughter like that , ' he said .
i mean , ' ponder stopped , conscious that a grown man should n't be able to remember this sort of thing , ' that 's what children believe . '
a violent death is the last thing that 'll happen to you . '
it 's a good job i ' m cool and totally used to this sort of thing , she thought .
' not a thing in half an hour , ' said solid .
peopled live for ages side by side , nodding at one another amicably on their way to work every day , and then some trivial thing would happen and someone would he having a garden fork removed from their ear .
funny thing , nobby was in there buying stuff too .
it was a terrible thing to think , but there was somethin itchy about the thought of nobby being allowed in pool , even at the shallow end .
that was the oddest thing yet .
it could not be happening because this sort of thing did not happen .
this was a thing that did not often happen .
' and what 's the most important thing a professional soldier wants not to happen to him ? '
there 'd been a lot of that sort of thing , vimes had been surprised to learn .
the tiny little unchangeable centre of her thought : good grief , next thing i 'll be licking hands .
' that sort of thing does n't happen ! '
' yes , but he said pumice , and my gran had a pumice stone that worked a treat for getting tough skin off'f your feet in the tub and that 'd float- ' ' that sort of thing happens in bath tubs maybe , ' said colon .
next thing you 'll be saying there 's rocks up in the sky . '
' well , i ' ve seen a thing or two , ' he added .
' one thing led to another ... but even so , to break the tradition of hospitality ... ' ' yes , i can see that 's a terrible thing .
that was one thing i had n't expected . '
' but where , between ankh - morpork and klatch , is there such a thing ? '
they walked with the confident tread of men who had been places and seen things .
there were occasional whimpers from those whose heart , lungs or legs were n't up to this kind of thing , and a bellow from the archchancellor who had tried to stand firm in the face of the frantic stampede and was now having his head repeatedly trodden into the cobbles .
and apprentice thief sidney pickens ran because he 'd taken one look over his shoulder and seen the whole of ankh - morpork society bearing down on him , and that sort of thing has a terrible effect on a growing lad .
when gods get together they tell the story of one particular planet whose inhabitants watched , with mild interest , huge continent - wrecking slabs of ice slap into another world which was , in astronomical terms , right next door - and then did nothing about it because that sort of thing only happens in outer space .
like a busy government which only passes expensive laws prohibiting some new and interesting thing when people have actually found a way of doing it , the universe relied a great deal on things not being tried at all .
' it 's a very funny thing , ' said the dean , ' but a freak accident appears to have happened to every single copy of the year book for that year . '
exactly the same thing happens to me . '
that sort of thing . '
among the complexities that made up the intelligent biped known to the rest of the world as mrs whitlow was this : there was no such thing as an informal meal in mrs whitlow 's world .
' meant to go down the coast a bit , storm got up , next thing we 're shipwrecked and up to our knees in parrots .
best thing that could ' ve happened .
' that 's the sort of thing i ' m up against .
the worst thing about losing your temper with mustrum ridcully was that he never noticed when you did .
he could remember rushing along a tube of green water , if such a thing were possible , and there had been several periods where the air and the sea and ponder himself had been very closely entwined .
that sort of thing can happen , you know .
as clancy said later , the second best bloody thing that happened that day was that they were near high ground .
the best bloody thing was that , with all the corks on their hats , they were able to find the bloody things later on .
creative disagreements , rooms being trashed , that sort of thing .
' i have ... developed certain techniques , but there are things like ... the vibration of the traffic in the street , little changes in temperature , that sort of thing . '
' nice try , but no cylindrical smoking thing , ' said lu- tze .
he 'd heard of this sort of thing .
the senior monks ... well , there could be no such thing as bad thoughts amongst people so enlightened , but it is true that the sight of lu - tze ambling insolently through the temple did tarnish a few karmas .
he tole us lots of stores abot people he jump out on and he said sins miss is our teachr he think no bogeymen will be in our houses bcos one thing a bogey dos not like is miss finding him .
this sort of thing caused a lot of trouble with parents , she was well aware .
' well , that sort of thing used to happen a lot in antiquity , did n't it ? '
it 's the sort of thing old ladies say .
that could n't have happened , because that sort of thing does not happen .
` ` the day time stood still '' , all that sort of thing . '
' the time it takes the smallest possible thing that can happen to happen .
it's- ' ' it 's the time it takes for the smallest thing that 's possible to happen to happen ? '
' funny thing , ' he said .
the big fantasy was that the world was the place where the toast did n't care if it came butter side down or not , where logic was sensible , and where things could be made not to have happened .
' the kind of description i might give you ai n't a thing anyone 'd put on a poster , if you get my meaning .
i mean , i was told that sort of thing is all right up in the valleys , but down here in the world ... ' ' no , it 's absolutely forbidden , ' said lu - tze . '
her expression suggested that she considered it to be a perfectly normal kind of thing to find , and had seen far more interesting things .
i ' ve heard about this sort of thing !
i mean , famine 's a fearful thing , obviously- ' ' -in an agricultural community , but you ' ve got to move with the times , ' said lu - tze , putting the roll - up in his mouth .
' it 's just the sort of thing i- ' she had to stop because the angel had wrenched the halo from its head and was dragging it down the fused edge of the pages , with sparks and a sound like a cat slipping down a blackboard .
i ' m not ... look , i understand this sort of thing .
' yes , that kind of thing happens , ' said susan .
it is a terrible thing to be different , susan .
besides , ' he lowered his voice to a whisper , ' everyone peeking in here has seen me beat time and that 's the sort of thing that 'll look really good on my curriculum vitae , if you catch my meaning .
' nicely mythic , the whole thing , definitely one for the scrolls , but bordering on smug .
mr.stibbons is the one who knows about that sort of thing . ''
` ` wizards know about this sort of thing , do n't they ? ''
` ` it 's the sort of thing that happens , '' he said .
the strange thing was , as leonard said , that once yon stopped sniggering about the whole idea it made a lot of sense .
it was just a thing . ''
` ` funny thing , '' said cohen , ` ` but i heard tell once that down in ankh- morpork there 's some watchman who 's really heir to the throne but keeps very quiet about it because he likes being a watchman ..
it was definitely the sort of thing to encourage piety .
' there 's such a thing as too much pronunciation , kid , ' said another voice , which sounded half asleep .
but ... well , it was like that thing with the coconuts .
i know exactly how this sort of thing goes ! '
people have found gnawed bones and empty egg baskets , that sort of thing , ' said malicia .
' the most interesting thing that happens at all is when doris the duck loses a shoe - a duck losing a shoe , right ?
` ` have your picture drawn with the official rat piper and his rats '' , sort of thing . '
maybe one had a moment of revelation or something , they like that kind of thing .
is there no such thing as an accident , as the abbot says ?
' people with curious dislocations , hot wax burns ... that sort of thing ' well , i had a little brush with captain swing last night , ' vimes said , ' and he was as polite as hell to me about it , but i 'd bet my boots he knows that this lad and his friend came after me .
' yes , a terrible thing , ' said knock earnestly .
' i was just telling sergeant keel here what a terrible thing has happened . '
' that sort of thing , yes . '
but some had died in the ambush , and some fought back , and one thing led , as always , to another .
' a bit of shouting and running away , that sort of thing . '
sometimes he did look around , though , and there it was again , the thunderstorm sensation of tensions building up , waiting for the first little thing .
' yeah , yeah , right ... well , it says we 'll seize hold of the means of production , sort of thing , so what i want to know is , how does that work out regarding my shoe shop ?
it 's really a thing foreigners do . '
so i rode up to the one in heroes street , with me helmet off and looking off - duty , sort of thing , and i asked what it was all about .
that can get a lad down , that sort of thing .
the major had no experience of this sort of thing .
winder had been killed in a room full of people , and no one saw a thing .
and he knows all about ... this sort of thing !
` ` you ca n't just make things happen , there 's a sort of - like a seesaw thing , if you push one end down , the other end goes up ... ... '' her voice trailed off .
` ` and a thing where you had to throw things at things to win things . ''
this was the sort of thing wizards could never know .
do you think we have n't all thought what a fine thing it would be , to take on another body and tread the wind or breathe the water ?
you thought it would be a fine thing to steal another 's body .
a crystal was a tricky thing to use at the best of times , and usually staring into it meant that the one thing the future could be guaranteed to hold was a severe migraine .
the only person more than half - awake was esk , who had slept through the whole thing under one of the wagons and had complained only of odd dreams .
` ` i ddddo n't know , ssss- '' ` ` from what we hear it must be the only thing you do n't know , lad ! ''
one thing the water could n't do was gurgle out of the ornamental gargoyles ranged around the roofs .
` ` so that sort of thing does n't happen again , '' said tiffany .
` ` there 's a thing .
it was there to tell any gods who might get involved that the person being buried there was a shepherd , and spent a lot of time on the hills , and what with lambing and one thing and another could n't always take much time out for religion , there being no churches or temples up there , and therefore it was generally hoped that the gods would understand and look kindly on them .
` ` that sort thing can tak ' forever , ye ken . ''
` ` ... oooooooooooooooooooooo ... '' ` ` ach , the muse is a terrible thing to have happen to ye , '' said rob anybody , putting his hands over his ears .
forests destroyed , mountains explodin ' , a few hundred deaths , that kind of thing .
i suppose that 's the kind of thing peasants have to know about , '' said roland .
` ` sadly , that kind of thing happens all the time .
` ` a few sharks were involved , that kind of thing , '' said not - as - big - as - medium - sized - jock - but - bigger - than - wee - jock - jock .
but because she was a teacher as well as a witch , and probably could n't help herself , she added , the funny thing is , of course , that officially there is no such thing as a white horse .
that 's the kind of thing us nat'ral writin ' folk knows about .
or ` ` is this the sort of thing granny aching would be angry about ? '' '
besides , the blood was pumping through henry now , and there were a couple of mares in the team of horses pulling the coach who he felt he 'd really like to get to know - find out when was their day off , what kind of hay they liked , that kind of thing .
' just after , ' said tiffany , who was not used to this sort of thing .
it was a funny thing , miss level said , but you did n't often meet a poor wizard .
they hire out classrooms , that sort of thing .
' oh , aye , ' said rob , as if that sort of thing happened every day .
' and the strange thing is , it 's just like the ones my mother had , which vanished mysteriously from the drawer the very same night !
the rage of a gonnagle was a dreadful thing to see .
i went to see miss level and she said you 'd come up here after some horrible thing , ' she said .
a lot of them were funfair stuff that she 'd seen before at agricultural shows around the chalk : roll - a- penny , lucky dip , bobbing for piranhas , that sort of thing .
she could remember when there had been no stars and when there had been no such thing as ' yesterday ' .
there was a pause , and then people started to clap , because it was the sort of thing you had to do .
he remembered it , because it was the only really interesting thing to happen for nine thousand years .
the headline was : grand trunk down again : continent cut off ... and at the bottom , in a heavier typeface to show it was meant to be light - hearted , and under the headline : history can not be denied ... were a dozen stories about the things that had happened when the ancient post turned up .
it 's right there on the front page , moist thought , he ca n't have not seen it ... ' er ... about the other thing ... ' he ventured , staring at the cartoon .
remember , first thing tomorrow , all mail for pseudopolis ten pence a go , okay ? '
' terrible thing , sir , terrible thing .
' terrible thing , sir , terrible thing .
' it is not often a mortal man achieves such a moment of glorious epiphany , but i am assured by the priests that such a thing could happen , and who should know better than they ?
i 'll swear the same thing happened there .
' the funny thing is , mr lipwig , that i find myself trusting you all the more when you tell me how untrustworthy you are , ' said miss dearheart .
he was n't used to this sort of thing .
jim cracked his whip for the sound of the thing , and the coach moved away amidst cheering .
any little thing , like the fall of a snowflake or the dropping of the wrong kind of spoon , can send it spinning off along a new path .
this sort of thing never happened in the mountains , where witches had respect , but down on the wide plains there were still people dumb enough to believe the nastier stories .
` ` that kind o ' thing , yes , '' said billy bigchin .
i have never heard of such a thing !
it was the sort of thing that sometimes happened .
that 's a terrible thing tae do to a reader .
` ` we never heard o ' any sich thing , rob , '' said big yan .
and if you were 113 , the amazing thing was n't that you were going to die tomorrow but that you were still alive today .
this is just a ... a thing .
yes , her mother had been married when she was still fourteen , but that was the sort of thing that happened in the olden days .
that sort of thing happened to kings and queens !
` ` i would n't dream of such a thing , '' said granny .
miss jenkins , who was used to this sort of thing , disappeared into the gloom at the other end of the wagon .
when you were an elemental , everything happened all together , inside and outside , in one big ... thing .
but his ancestors had still hung on to their swords , just in case people thought that the whole thing with the bits of paper was unfair , it being a fact that you ca n't please everybody .
there 's an awful lot o ' that kind o ' thing .
... and then eight more barrows means it 's all done all the way to the door , which is nearly two - thirds of the whole thing , which means ... ... ' did you hear what i said , boy ? '
' you were expecting the dome thing , were n't you ? '
things can happen to browsers in magical libraries that make having your face pulled off by tentacled monstrosities from the dungeon dimensions seem a mere light massage by comparison .
' you become a queen , reign for thirty years , make laws , declare war on people and then the only thing you get remembered for is that you smelled like yoghurt and were bitten in the- ' ' she 's a distant ancestor of mine , ' snapped keli .
that 's the nicehest thing - the door slammed on the rest of the sentence .
' you 're not hurt ; father simply does n't allow that kind of thing to happen . '
' it could be a very close thing . '
first thing tomorrow , up at dawn , three times round the quadrangle and back here for physical jerks !
and that bloody monkey goes to a circus , first thing ! '
absence of porpoises frolicking around the bows , a shortage of bilges , that sort of thing .
of course , rincewind had been around a bit and had seen a thing or two , and had thrown off his early training to such an extent that he was quite capable of spending hours at a time in a woman 's company without having to go off for a cold shower and a lie - down .
after that one thing sort of led to another and pretty soon everyone was fighting to get something - either away , out or even .
the triumph of the ice giants , the apocralypse , the teatime of the gods , the whole thing .
by the way , the thing on the pole is n't a sign .
' the funny thing ? '
' this sort of thing is always happening to me , ' he moaned .
this sort of thing is only to be expected , he told himself .
sadly , this sort of thing happens all the time .
were they all seeing the same thing ?
' this sort of thing happens to me all the time , ' he said .
they were extremely complicated dragons , with long beards , ears and wings , and they seemed to be frozen in motion , caught in transition from one state to another , suggesting that the loom which wove them had rather more dimensions than the usual three , but the worst thing about it was that if you looked at it long enough the pattern became blue dragons on a gold background , and a terrible feeling stole over you that if you kept on trying to see both types of dragon at once your brains would trickle out of your ears .
one thing the innkeeper 's brain could n't shut out was the sound of the voices .
' a strange thing , ' she said .
all people pretending to be other people , things happening that were n't real , bits of countryside you could put your foot through ... granny liked to know where she stood , and she was n't certain she stood for that sort of thing .
but the worst thing was , they knew it . '
' funny thing . '
it consoled itself with the thought that even the really great storms of the past - the great gale of 1789 , for example , or hurricane zelda and her amazing raining frogs - had gone through this sort of thing at some stage in their career .
this sort of thing happened every year and would have caused havoc with the drains and sewage systems , so it is just as well that the city did n't have very many .
' more foot nudging , sort of thing , ' said the third thief .
' we 're for it , sort of thing . '
man in a pub told me about it , sort of thing . '
' i think it 's probably the worst thing that could happen to anyone , ' said magrat , as the duchess swayed backwards and forwards .
' funny thing , all this taking after people , ' said the dwarf vaguely .
' we thought you 'd be up at the top of the table , kind of thing , ' said nanny .
' they mainly grow melons and garlic and that kind of thing .
very bad , that sort of thing .
' that 's the funny thing , is n't it ?
there was a lot of that sort of thing in the old kingdom .
' well , our mam says the king goes on living , sort of thing , after all this stuffing and stitching .
' i seem to remember once , my father said that , you know , when he died , he 'd quite like to , sort of thing , be buried at sea . '
' what sort of thing ! '
' but , er , i thought we stopped all that sort of thing .
' there i was , dying of thirst , all the camels kicking up a din , yelling for water , next minute - whoosh - a bloody great river valley , reed beds , hippos , the whole thing .
easy thing to miss , a hundred miles of river valley in the middle of a desert , is n't it ?
another strange thing was happening .
' they 're the coming thing , you know . '
only thing you were sure of , you could n't let her go .
` ` thing is , you see ... there were these carts .
he was n't ready for this sort of thing .
` ` funny thing , that , '' said brother watchtower thoughtfully .
` ` disgusting , this sort of thing , really , '' mused sergeant colon .
` ` well , '' said colon awkwardly , ` ` he kept on shivering , sort of thing , and groaning on about dragons and that .
the librarian knew all about this sort of thing , it was part of what you had to know before you were allowed into l - space .
` ` the last thing , i think , was a kettle , '' said vimes .
when he opened his eyes again the thing was still there , still bristling with rage , still reeking of something sickly and fermented , still crowned with a skewed mass of curls , still looming behind a quivering bosom that made the roof of his mouth go dry- he 'd heard about these sort of things .
he got a brief , blurred vision of her bounding through the doorway , screaming , and it might well have been the last thing he remembered if a guard had n't had the presence of mind to trip her up as she hurtled down the steps .
that was the sort of thing the gods really liked .
` ` sorry , i just never get used to seeing this kind of thing . ''
i had frost call home and warn our own demi - fey to stay close to the house and to be wary of strangers , because the only thing i was sure of was that it was n't one of us .
it was the last thing bram heard before he hit the water , dragging ghleanna down with him .
last thing she remembered ... she died .
` ` the only thing i feared has his head on a spike outside my camp .
that 's a horrible thing for you to believe about your loving mother . ''
` ` it 's an easy enough thing to happen , my love . ''
this sort of thing must be common among those of us going insane .
the last thing he felt for morfyd the white dragonwitch of dark plains was brotherly .
her lip turned into a nasty snarl , which meant only one thing .
the last thing she saw was her daughter - good gods , what could she have told them ? -waving at her with one hand while making a grab for eibhear 's blue hair with the other .
she wished she could say the whole thing was some kind of horrible experience , but she 'd be lying .
that fight had been the ugliest he 'd seen among his kin , and though all of fearghus 's siblings had stood by him and annwyl that day , the whole thing had hurt annwyl more than anyone wanted to admit .
and although he 'd never admit it out loud , part of him hoped the same thing .
he smiled , a rare thing of utter beauty .
they simply did n't allow that sort of thing to happen among their sacred books !
i often have plans first thing in the morning . ''
` ` the only thing that protected finnbjorn from me was when he returned my sister ! ''
once done , she stretched out lengthwise on the bed and that was the last thing she remembered until she sensed someone near her .
* * * one second she was fighting with some handsome bastard who looked remotely familiar , and the next thing she knew she was airborne , flying face first into the clean , cool water .
meinhard and a few of their warriors would have ensured the same thing . ''
not the most pleasant thing to see before luncheon .
as always , keita braced herself for what was about to happen , which was the same thing that happened every time mother and daughter met .
normally keita would argue the point , but she was starting to feel terrible about the whole thing and decided it was best to simply walk away .
` ` and the most important thing to remember is not to choke me to death with your tongue . ''
` ` the last thing i heard , '' celyn said , ` ` was my mother .
` ` a beating is one thing , lord arrogance .
what impressed ragnar the most was that both managed to stay human during the whole thing .
it was a beautiful and amazing thing to witness , and a shame only a few could actually see it .
the last thing she heard from eir that day , ` ` i 'll expect an apology , you rude cow ! ''
there was just one thing none of them had planned on : that the irons had a huge army .
after several cases of that sort of thing happening , the rest of them learned to keep quiet or , at the very least , not complain about ragnar in front of keita .
they never took her up on her offer , and then this thing with the irons and sovereigns happened and she stopped worrying about the tribesmen .
` ` among my kin ... it 's a disappointing thing .
although al dragons could communicate with blood kin , at the overlord 's command and their god 's agreement , junius restricted that sort of thing within the provinces .
taut , as if just one thing , one touch , one move would have him snapping like a tightly coiled line .
it seemed an odd thing to say with the pair of them sitting on the bedrol , nak*d .
` ` i can assure you that those two idiots ai n't apologizing for a gods - damn thing .
the thing is she 's with fearghus . ''
that 's a ridiculous thing to even ask .
it had n't been pretty then , and it would n't be pretty now to see the same thing happen to blood kin , so brannie knew she had to handle this .
he was tired of getting things thrown at him ... ... how did gwenvael put up with that sort of thing constantly ?
it was briec following up the whole thing with enough flame to wipe out a village . ''
and i ' m guessing frederik being here ... best thing that ever happened to him , too . ''
i wo n't tell her i saw a thing .
lord pombray 's guards had moved up behind her and she 'd not seen a thing .
chapter 44 the most entertaining thing for eibhear was watching rhianwen hug her grandmother and great grandmother over and over again , even though they clearly detested being hugged and truly felt it was an inappropriate display of emotion for a nolwenn witch .
` ` i had to go and bust my head open , bear my soul to a misogynist ... you know , that kind of thing . ''
` ` that kind of thing . ''
the next thing i knew , he had my face between his hands and his lips on mine .
we 'll see you first thing in the morning .
it was the most beautiful thing i 'd seen .
` ` we were all too ready to die , the only thing we wished was that death could have found us sooner , '' he said , and his voice sounded steadier .
his fingers knotted into my hair , crushing my mouth harder into his , and his body pulsed heat in such a way it made the fear of what could happen to us if we let one thing lead to another fade to near invisibility .
i know you might think it 's an everyday sort of thing the way william hounded them to grant you guys a betrothal '' -he eyed me with accusation- '' but it is kind of a rare thing .
it sparked my memory enough to know i 'd felt the same thing , at about a hundred times the wattage '' -i squinted from the word choicem the two times before . ''
` ` dying was like the best thing to happen to me , '' paul said , throwing himself back onto the sofa , a wide smile making its way over to me .
` ` well , maybe the second best thing to happen to me . ''
troy 's jilted smile was the first thing i saw , right before i heard william call out for me again .
paul 's face did the confusion thing .
` ` do n't remind me , but here 's the thing i realized .
` ` i 'll present your proposal to them first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` yeah , and there was this other thing you did called saving my life . ''
i do n't know if his foot caught hold in the rain - gutter or my hand grabbing his stopped his fall , but one thing was apparent either way .
i was expecting to slam into table or china or crystal or grass - padded earth ; the one thing i was nt anticipating were a firm pair of hands .
i responded , looking down to make sure her and i were seeing the same thing .
i turned and hurried my pace to catch up to wil iam , wishing i could pause for a minutes time to enjoy the result of the endless hours abigail , cora , and i had sacrificed planning this thing .
there was an explosion of clapping and a few hol ers of congratulations thrown out , but the only thing i real y took notice of was wil iams victorious figure coming for me .
the next thing i knew , i was in his arms , back dipped low to the ground like we were back on the dance floor .
that s not the only thing i have to apologize for , he said , his face shadowing .
they both giggled in unison , like the whole thing was just too cute .
this thing is going to happen soon .
providing i survive this whole thing , which was highly doubtful at the moment .
death was a hard thing to be responsible for , harder in most instances than facing your own , but there was no other option at this crossroads .
the surface fires suddenly scorched deeper , spreading through every nerve ending , knowing this was the thing forever memories were made of .
he kissed me , but the heat of one thing leading to the next was gone from it .
` ` richard , what nonsense , as if there were any danger of such a thing !
they are all forever stealing cattle from one another , and the only thing they would agree on , i suppose , is to complain of the ferals worse .
but the blessed creatures do seem to know , sometimes , so they are looking out a likely boy for the thing . ''
that was the last thing she wanted to happen .
deirdre was cold in the ground , and the last thing mason wanted to hear was that his half brother 's kiss sent her up in flames .
from out of nowhere , a welling heat boiled up in her body , the kind of thing that , if she 'd been indoors , she 'd have told herself was the result of standing under a heat duct .
there was just something undeniably erotic about the whole thing .
it would be the kind of thing you do n't want to see in a mirror , for example . ''
as eddie rose to his feet , his erection was obvious - and the kind of thing that enzyte guy from the tv , bob , took all those pills to sport .
` ` she was a liar and an addict , and the only nice thing she ever did was leave me - although to be honest , i ' m pretty sure it was n't for my benefit .
about the death thing , that was .
and then jim covered them all , without much hope of protecting anyone - the strangest thing happened : his body dissolved into light , the same way it had when he 'd been furious with devina during the last round .
when there was nothing on them , i raced into my bathroom , checked the towels , checked my clothes - same thing i did after the kroner thing , ironically .
it took him a minute to get with the program , because that was the last thing he expected .
after jim stabbed another black chest cavity , the acidy spray hitting his jaw and throat , he dumped the body and got ready for the next - the blow across his back was a real tooth rattler , the kind of thing that made you see stars and hear birds chirping .
yeah , because when one detective has information like he did on another , it was n't the sort of thing that people waited around for .
yup , it was definitely time to go : given the arctic - blast thing going on , jim heron , the angel , was about to raise hell on his dad .
personality conflict was one thing ; rank insubordination was another altogether .
why would that be the only thing he admitted to ? ''
the only thing likely to get his attention was if devina showed up again , but that demon seemed to have gone into hiding .
ridiculous really , since there was no such thing as a sweet mark .
` ` if you count ' always ' as being a onetime thing in nineteenth century china .
the next thing i knew , you were waking me up , cain . ''
the next thing eve knew , a helmet was in her hands .
eve was superstitious - she did n't like to share anything good that was n't a sure thing .
and the fact that the latest animal - a great dane - was found in the back of a gehenna masonry pickup truck ca n't be coincidence , because there 's no so such thing as coincidence , right ? ''
` ` you did n't mention the door - breaking thing to gadara , '' eve said , just realizing that omission .
` ` what if gadara orchestrated the tengu thing ? ''
` ` the same thing happened to my mark . ''
the blooming thing was fast .
since that 's the only thing i would give a shit about - aside from you hurting yourself - we 'll just chalk that up to you being you . ''
` ` i ' m not saying he orchestrated this thing from the very beginning , but once he realized how it had been set up , he could have manipulated things from there .
sounds like just the sort of thing you would want to avoid . ''
` ` the same thing that happened to grimshaw 's son , '' hank replied .
next thing she knew , she 'd been in the stairwell of gadara tower getting the ride of her life .
the only thing he did was aim the camera back on the door , which was still flying open and closed as if some invisible angry teenager was slamming it .
ok , that was n't the first thing i wanted to see but the minute she saw me , she stopped sucking face and came running over .
and if you need assistance from the company , you know , in medical terms ... if you need to talk to someone and that sort of thing , please do n't hesitate to ask .
` ` it 's just this might be the coolest thing that has ever happened to me and i really do n't want to get excited about it until i know for sure . ''
it was the weirdest thing on a day already full of weirdness .
regardless of evil curses , old roddy , or creepy clown lady , falling for this man would be the scariest thing of all .
i know , it was the drugs or whatever unfortunate thing you were into as a teenager , but you know some knowledge about this would have been nice before we started . ''
it was interesting that even though we had been in the room the day before , our footprints were already gone , covered up by a thick layer of dust like we had imagined the whole thing .
i do n't know who ' she ' is but the only thing that makes sense , if you can call it that , is that he was talking about the lady .
` ` and then i gave a fantastic one - liner along the lines of ' the only thing you 're getting is death ' . ''
this had to be the most humiliating thing i had ever been subjected to , and that said a lot coming from someone who was known as ` ` the chubster '' in high school .
on one hand , i ' m often scared shitless at the slightest thing and pray that i do n't bump into a ghost ( or a skinwalker , now that i know those things exist ) .
we dash for the next door and the same thing happens .
same thing happened the next day when we spent the entire night at a haunted pizza joint that used to house a brothel .
if i had n't been watching his ` ` handsome mug '' as closely as i was i probably would have missed the whole thing .
i hated how easily my feelings got involved in every single thing he did or said .
i brought my eyes over to dex , who still stood behind marla , watching the whole thing go down with a strange look on his face .
that would have been the worst thing ever .
it was entirely plausible that i imagined the whole thing .
it was the last thing i saw before he turned the flashlight off .
this was the most terrifying thing i had ever seen in my life .
the next thing i knew , dex was yelling at me , telling me to put my feet up on the ladder .
since it was the end of november , the shine thing rarely happened and it was cold .
what a strange thing for all of us to be going through at the same time .
yet there was something so disturbingly realistic about the whole thing that my heart was pounding away and i was sweating profusely .
the pitiful thing is , i do n't even know if jenn can tell i ca n't stand her bony arse .
it was a sick , sad thing to want but i could n't help but grab at it .
` ` honestly , dex , if you think i ' m going to turn it on and look over the footage right now , you ' ve got another thing coming . ''
the only thing i saw was dex 's face and his eyes as they gazed down at me more rapturously than before .
chapter two the second time this sort of thing happened to me , i was a few years older and could no longer blame my mother 's stories for giving my gift fire .
i felt safe knowing i could walk away from such a thing .
i whispered , sure that i was n't supposed to be seeing this magical thing .
it was the weirdest f**king thing , like i 'd been in a dream or something .
the crash of my camera was the most painful thing of all .
yeah , the thing is even though i spoke to her earlier in the day when i was at perry 's uncle 's and told her i 'd be coming home in the morning , even though she said she did n't care and that she was going out with her bimbo posse anyway , i knew she 'd be mad .
guess that 's a thing you still do .
this was exactly the type of thing i should be filming !
i did go and live with them for about a week , and it was the best thing that could have happened to me .
i was a late party to this whole thing .
next thing i knew there i was screaming and burning alive .
i went for her shoulder but the same thing happened .
` ` uh , well , here 's the thing ... '' ` ` rebecca ! ''
the interesting thing was that she sat on the other side of the dog .
` ` i do n't know , maybe not murder , but the thing was definitely related to us in some x - men mutant type of way .
i sometimes forgot that seeing ghosts and hunting them for a youtube show was n't the most natural thing in the world .
everyone points the finger at voodoo when the first weird thing happens in this town . ''
my gut was twisted up over the image of him manhandling her , over what depraved thing could have happened if maximus and i had n't acted fast , while my brain was warped over what i 'd witnessed in the attic , the candles , the animals , my mother , the pull of the house , the salt .
so let 's get to the thing you do n't want to talk about .
` ` but a similar thing happened to me in new mexico once . ''
but considering i have most of your essence now , i think if i accidently leave you brain - dead , it would n't be the worst thing that could happen .
and that was the last thing i heard .
the last thing i saw of her was when i had that vision of us in the boat , when she told me she loved me , the cryptic things she said about michael .
still , with that amount of determination and attention , a part of me wondered if the whole thing was n't exaggerated a little .
i asked about the bad thing but she shrugged and ran off , like she did n't care anymore . ''
one thing led to another and we ended up hav**g s*x in the library stacks - and not too far from rebecca .
next thing i knew , dex was coming out of here like he was the one with the fire under his bouncy ass .
the odd thing is , i ' m pretty sure there is no electricity up here . ''
` ` the other odd thing is that lights just do n't turn on by themselves , '' i added .
that 's why you and dex did n't see the same thing . ''
` ` you know what , '' i said , ` ` i do n't think that 's the last thing i should see at night .
she looked bright - eyed and bushy - tailed and i had no idea how she was able to work at this place day in and day out without going absolutely crazy , especially given the things she had seen .
as we went , i absently glanced into the room across the hall , the one that i 'd seen the bad thing go into .
chapter ten after we 'd gone through the tour , the last thing i wanted to do was talk to brenna about her experience with the bad thing .
or maybe the bad thing is telling her not to like you . ''
the bad thing was just as disturbing as i thought it was when it was n't hidden by the shadows .
one thing led to another , '' she trailed off .
` ` the other day when we were interviewing you , you were going to tell us about the time you saw the bad thing .
when rebecca and i figured you were n't coming back , the only thing we captured was the rubber ball moving slightly , but i think it was the wind .
it was the thing that drove me and emily apart , but god , that 's all i wanted . ''
it meant she was in complete denial about our affliction , about every f**king thing .
it was the last thing he expected .
but in the days of which this tale speaks worminghall it was , and a royal seat , and the dragon - standard flew above the trees ; and all things went well there and merrily , while tailbiter was above ground .
good old sybil- although she did tend to talk about curtains these days , but sergeant colon had said this happened to wives and was a biological thing and perfectly normal .
' but it 'll be nothing to what 'll get heaved if you do n't tell me ... ' ' thing is , it 's the tricentre - tricera - this three - hundred - year celebration thing next year , mr vimes ... ' ' yes ? '
' it 's the last thing father tubelcek saw , i think , ' said the dwarf .
the last thing the old priest saw was a golem , ' said vimes .
you could n't remember every little thing .
this was the kind of thing you talked about when you were a nob .
' funny thing , that , ' said nobby .
but in his mind 's eye , a vision lingered , the last thing he 'd seen before the darkness closed in : joshua york , standing in the doorway naked as the day he was born , his skin deathly white as alabaster , his lips drawn back in animal rage , his eyes like two smoky gray slits opening onto hell .
but outside , in the heat of the night , abner marsh leaned heavily on his walking stick and stared off into the star - flecked darkness , trying to summon up the thing he thought he 'd seen across the cabin .
` ` steamboats ca n't be the only thing you dream of , captain marsh .
` ` is it - part of that thing you told me about ? ''
there and then , i resolved to change the way i lived , so such a thing might never happen again .
one thing he said i found greatly disturbing , abner .
` ` got a lot of work to do before we achieve any goddamned thing at all , '' marsh said , gathering up his walking stick and getting to his feet .
and that was the last thing he saw , before he broke and ran .
if there was one thing in the world that he could not stand , it was being laughed at .
i went over the papers myself , checkin ' the advertisements and such to see what they said about the size of the boats , who the masters were , that kind of thing .
the important thing that it means is that we 're lookin ' for a steamboat name of qzymandias . ''
` ` that 's the funny thing , '' jonathan said , and stepped back .
` ` thing is , '' she said , whipping the wheel to the left to avoid a tree stump , ` ` normally i would n't be able to slip around behind them like this , but it 's chaotic right now .
i turned to glance behind me , like lot 's wife , and saw the eeriest , most beautiful thing : fire flowing like heavy syrup down the hill , sliding over every charred , twisted thing its path .
` ` this whole thing wo n't stop , '' i said .
as if he wanted to weep the way i had , but men -- even male djinn -- did n't do that kind of thing .
` ` it 's an interesting thing , time .
a budget learjet , if such a thing was possible .
the wind was cool and cutting , sharp with the scent of rain in an area that had little of that kind of thing in the normal course of events .
available from roc in july 2007 there were worse things than being naked , freezing , and alone in a forest , i was finding out .
smiles had been a rare enough thing over this long and quietly heartless winter .
the vord had never heard of such a thing as a retirement .
invidia could scarcely imagine the tremendous power and focus that would be required for such a thing to happen - from a creature who had been born , it would seem , less than an hour before .
and when ... when i got out from under that burden , it was the best thing that had happened to me since septimus died . ''
but it was far too late in the year for such a thing to happen .
it was difficult to do so while maintaining her windstream , but the far road sprang into focus after a moment of effort and showed amara the last thing that she had been expecting in the vord 's train .
and khral 's lackeys lead many bloodspeakers , and have said that they will withdraw their support should such a thing happen .
` ` just one crowbegotten thing after another , sir , '' he answered .
he would have looked at his staff and shrugged when they wondered how such a thing as an unthinkably late freeze and a steady breeze for several thousand miles ' worth of travel would be possible . ''
` ` that can be a rare thing even in times of peace . ''
` ` there 's no way to be certain of things that never took place . ''
the vord queen whirled to look at him , and tavi felt the last thing he had expected : his watercrafting senses were pounded with an emotional assault - pure rage , the rage of a mother whose children are endangered .
i only have a few weeks until this awful thing will happen again . ''
` ` between all the excitement yesterday and then last night , it 's been one thing after another .
a tinny voice said , from the loft , ` ` between all the excitement yesterday and then last night , it 's been one thing after another .
the next thing i saw was that ugly brute . ''
` ` i ' ve never heard of such a thing , '' she said .
it was a near thing , but i ' m all right . ''
i do n't know what the hell that thing is we saw , but whatever it is , it needs looking into . ''
things had happened in this place , bad things .
things had happened in this place , bad things .
and then the whole thing was over ; jones and guillard wished me well and departed , and zenaya left without a backward glance .
it was the kind of thing that happened a dozen times a day at any apartment complex , nothing that would alert anyone to potential trouble .
and with the internet so helpfully offering tutorials for this kind of thing , it will be hard to track . ''
when i actually did wake up , we were still driving , and i was n't sure that i had n't dreamed the whole thing until david looked over at me .
` ` the thing is , they did this while they were hitting us .
you 're supposed to be preventing this kind of thing , you know .
if you want to make a media circus out of the whole thing , you have to pay for the big top and the clowns . ''
the hand dangled against the floor as it had before , hut gramma 's body was not askew ; it also was as it had been he had imagined the whole thing .
he had imagined the whole thing because he had been scared and that was all there was to it he wiped his nose with his forearm and winced at the pain there was a bloody smear on the skin of his inner forearm he was n't going to go near her again , that was all .
in such a place , the last thing i expected to encounter was a dead man .
it 's not a likely thing to make up . ''
i think she just finds your ability , and the whole thing with the lightning , really interesting .
but this was so much worse , terrible , it was the worst thing that had ever happened to me , because it had happened to tolliver .
that was all i could think of , the eeriness of such a thing happening twice , but i tried to yank myself out of the horror and i tried to help .
the next thing i knew , i was flat on my back , half in and half out of the little room , and tolliver was performing cpr , and the emts were taking over , and matthew was yelling at them in the background .
and there 's the weird thing that after all these years , someone 's reported a cameron sighting . ''
` ` your house , '' tolliver said , as if he 'd never heard of such a thing .
next thing i knew , i was on the floor looking up at the ceiling , and my hair was smoking , and my shoes were off my feet .
' the widow , however , suspected from the beginning that farley roller 's death was a ' not what it appeared to be , ' kind of thing .
the only thing i can say , she was as eager to make that mistake as i was .
the only thing more awful than a murdered child was a murdered child who 'd been subjected to prolonged torture or sexual abuse .
` ` looking back on the cemetery thing this morning , '' he began , and gave me a moment to fix my attention back on the nearer past .
i just hope we have n't been shoved right under a ladder or some other bad luck thing .
that kind of thing , that ca n't hurt .
the only thing is , after that i got a hell of a headache , so i took some medicine and dropped . ''
this was the first time such a thing had happened to us .
that was rare , and until this night i had thought that would be the eeriest thing we could find .
i realized another thing as i stood there in the unwanted spotlight .
i could n't think of how to arrange such a thing without causing even more unhappiness .
` ` and the fibbie came to see you first thing this morning , '' detective young said .
and the strangest thing happened as i had that thought .
` ` yeah , you know , one thing would lead to another , and then i 'd have to tell them .
something , some small thing , at the time had convinced this wretched boy that he was seeing his father in his father 's car .
rick goldman got a ton of business as a result of his small part in the whole thing .
last mortal thing i remembered , i 'd been a battleground for two demons tearing me apart , and then i'd - metaphorically speaking - opened my eyes on a whole new world , with whole new rules .
where , as a living breathing girl , i 'd seen things in kirlian outlines of reds and greens and blues and golds , in djinn - sight the aetheric was deeper , richer , and more complex .
` ` that 's what the thing in the elevator was about ? ''
one thing into another .
there was a surprising lack of ceremony to the whole thing .
two the next thing i knew was a rush of cool , sweet air .
the whole thing was a blur of lights , color , motion , whispers , screams ... ... and the two of us fell with a hard thump onto the pale champagne carpet of yvette prentiss 's living room .
i opened my eyes again and saw the most amazing thing .
one thing djinn are scared of , it 's death .
the awful thing is that if i can forget they 're people , it will be no different at all .
they try to stagger them throughout the day so a person could conceivably watch the whole thing live , but only people in the capitol could really do that , since none of them have to attend reapings themselves .
he nods and gives a thumbs - up , and that 's the last thing i see before we enter the city .
the last thing i think is it 's lucky i do n't snore .
so i focus on the one really good thing that 's happened since i landed in the arena .
a public whipping 's a rare thing in district 12 , although occasionally one occurs .
the last thing i hear as they enter the woods is cato saying , ` ` when we find her , i kill her in my own way , and no one interferes . ''
` ` lucky thing you showed up , '' said the goat man when she arrived .
the most exciting thing either of us does is nap .
best thing that ever happened to you . ` `
the next thing i know we ' ve landed back on the roof of the training center and they 're taking peeta but leaving me behind the door .
the one thing they ca n't stand is being laughed at and they 're the joke of panem , '' says haymitch .
the one thing i never do is let go of peeta 's hand .
it was supposed to be just a hob thing , but a lot of other people heard about it and chipped in .
` ` i just ca n't wait for the whole thing to be over , '' i whisper .
if he 's made the journey all the way from his city , it can only mean one thing .
instead , from the deep shade of the verandah , we see the whole thing .
this could be it , the thing we ' ve been - ` ` ` ` stop it !
this is the thing to remember when fear threatens to swallow me up .
the last thing i notice as we leave the square is that i do not recognize even one of the peacekeepers ' faces .
the next thing i know i ' m on my hands and knees in the cellar of one of the empty houses in the victor 's village .
effie says , as if it 's the most obvious thing in the world .
i do n't think anyone can argue that that 's not the most spectacular thing we ' ve ever seen in an interview .
we went through the games , we were victors , everyone seemed so thrilled to see us together , and then out of nowhere - i mean , how could we anticipate a thing like that ? ''
even the most capitol - loving , games - hungry , bloodthirsty person out there ca n't ignore , at least for a moment , how horrific the whole thing is .
the next thing i know , i ' m lying on my back in the vines , a terrible pain in my left temple .
and i know it 's not a result of seeing abused bodies , because they were her daily fare in district 12 , but the realization that this sort of thing goes on in 13 as well .
the next thing i know , my sister is waking me for 18:00 - reflection .
the last thing i remember is boggs spreading a couple of burlap sacks over me .
strange things did happen here no stranger would it be if we met up at midnight in the hanging tree . ''
and then the whole thing breaks down into a broadcast battle , as the capitol tech masters try to fend off beetee 's attack .
but the one thing that sends buttercup into a tailspin is when i leave the light on but put it hopelessly out of his reach , high on the wall , beyond even his jumping skills .
` ` first thing tomorrow , we 'll get you your own rope .
it 's a terrible thing to live with , '' i say .
to catch both haymitch and myself off guard is a rare thing .
logically , the next thing that should happen is the man pulling the trigger .
i try to sit up , but the only thing i manage is a moan .
` ` the best thing about the capitol basically ignoring twelve all these years is that you people still have a little spontaneity .
` ` that 's the one thing i think my head doctor might be right about .
annie , who 's on johanna 's other side , does that thing where she covers her ears and exits reality .
it 's not the kind of thing we forget . ''
it 's the first good thing that 's happened today .
the last thing we see is gale , alone on the street , trying to shoot through the cables that hold mitchell aloft .
i did n't notice this , but i guess it 's the kind of thing a cameraman picks up on .
strange things did happen here no stranger would it be if we met up at midnight in the hanging tree .
at the pressure of his hand against my shoulder , i turn away from the grisly thing that was messalla ; i make my feet go forward , fast , so fast that i can barely skid to a stop before the next intersection .
a long and wearying thing in which i ' m trying to get to district 12 .
almost within minutes of his prediction , we see this very thing happen on - screen .
i must have made it back to my room , because the next thing i know , i ' m filling a glass with water from the bathroom faucet and sticking the rose in it .
how did such a thing happen ?
above us , on the giant screens placed around the city circle , everyone can watch the whole thing being played out .
i guess i sleep , because the next thing i know , it 's morning and greasy sae 's banging around at the stove .
that was the last thing ramon saw before the snow piled up over his face and buried him , and everything was gone .
` ` you 're just lucky i ' m not shy about this kind of thing , '' he said , walking to the nearest tree .
it was n't the sort of thing men did .
ramon felt the urge to echo the movement - it was the natural thing ; the motion most familiar to his flesh .
the next thing i know , there 's this flying box thing .
the next thing i know , there 's this flying box thing .
at least when he had suffered the thing in his neck , he 'd understood what was happening .
the only thing that marred the time was the small voice in his head reminding him of what had really happened , and what he had heard and thought .
the enye are hot about this thing , whatever the fuck it is .
` ` only thing was , with the camera like that , i could n't see his face . ''
griego had been a hardass about the whole thing , pressing ramon about why he did n't have better insurance on his last van .
next thing you know , a satellite dish in every bottle , broadband internet , microwave ovens .
his explanation , strangely , had been that he 'd wanted something to fall back on , in case the whole magic thing did n't work out .
it had been a close thing with star , but they 'd let her keep what little she had left .
i ' m still surprised that my name came up for that , but then it was still a small - sized thing , not a major event , and i had a solid rep with warm - weather storms .
seen from oversight , the whole thing looked remarkably like a freeze - framed explosion , with a pressure null in the center and force traveling out in all directions .
you do n't stop a thing like that .
probably the most exciting thing to happen in the mall since the christmas pageant .
amazingly , from the street , you could n't tell a thing had happened inside the store .
a thing like that did n't come cheaply .
` ` thing is , if you 're lucky , someone else ends up paying it for you .
` ` what is this sacrifice thing they spoke of ? ''
raidriar could not allow such a thing .
they 'd always put protocols in place to prevent such things .
these treacherous dogs were not worthy of gazing upon the visage of a full deathless - even if it would be the last thing they saw .
such a thing was possible , but creations such as this were unstable , their memories flawed , their personalities erratic .
well , one thing led to another ... '' ahead , light in the cavern indicated an opening .
and at the end of it all , guilty though she felt , at least one thing good came of it .
one thing that raidriar had n't seen and did n't know .
the thing is , i go down to the supermarket to buy baby - food , how 's that for irony , and find out she 's signed on with the babvkillers . ''
what a sad thing this is .
` ` helen and i got into an argument about a petition she 'd signed , '' ed was saying , ` ` and one thing just led to another .
he wo n't go to jail , and he is n't going to be carted off to sunnyvale sanitarium , either - that sort of thing only happens in old movies .
the relief of knowing that 's not true is the best thing that 's happened to me in a long , long time ... she talked about the chores to which she had been assignedworking in the garden , helping to repaint an equipment shed , washing the storm windows with vinegar and water - and about nat 's adventures in learning to walk .
` ` have you heard about the thing out at the hospital ? ''
vi the two versions of the story were so vague and conflicting that ralph felt he could reasonably hope neither was true , that perhaps just a case of a few overenthusiastic people who 'd been ant was in places like derry , that kind rested for trespassing , or something of thing happened ; stories had a way of inflating like beachballs as they were passed from mouth to mouth .
and because of that , a scrip 0 lo for sleeping pills could be about the worst thing in the world .
her son 's aura was a healthy dark blue verging on violet , and as the two of them walked past , ralph saw a fascinating thing .
the poem from which old dor had quoted was called ` ` pursuit , '' and it began : each thing i do i rush through so i can do something else .
bob polburst 's niece called and told me that this time it 's almost certainly the real thing , -the poor man has almost finished his struggle .
each thing i do i rush through so i can do something else , ralph thought , and on the heels of that : it 's a long walk back to eden , sweetheart , so do n't sweat the small stuff .
they stood at the foot of jimmy v. '' s bed , solemn in their clean white tunics , and now that he stood close to them , ralph could see that there were worlds of character in those unlined , almost identical faces ; it just was n't the sort of thing one could see through a pair of binoculars - or maybe not until you slid up the ladder of perception a little way .
lois stirred , and as ralph turned to look at her , he saw an amazing thing : the sky overhead was growing pale .
neither replied , but ralph thought he saw a dismaying thing in their eyes : they knew that atropos had lois 's earrings , and they knew he knew .
yet we think that , if you stay away from atropos , you may be able to block the terrible thing which is about to happen ... which is , in a very real sense , happening already . ]
with it gone , ralph saw a dismaying thing : underneath his bluster , dalton was scared to death .
` ` quit banging those pots around '' she shouted , although the only thing ralph had heard from the kitchen was a radio playing elevator - music .
there were more screams now , seemingly from right under ralph 's feet , and when he looked down he saw a terrible thing : a medley of auras was seeping up from between the porch boards like steam , the variety of their colors muted by the scarlet blood - glow which was rising with them ... and surrounding them .
and now he could feel that thing in his mind again , not a blink this time but a muscle - an immensely powerful one - slowly flexing .
he saw a strange and terrible thing : although the buzzing sound had not returned , the deathbag was re - knitting itself around the replacement wedding ring .
soon the terrible thing would start to happen again , and because ralph did n't want to see it , he opened his eyes and looked at the woman beside him .
it was , however , the last completely audible thing lois heard in their conversation .
he was realizing an interesting thing : he had never been frightened in his life until now .
he understood that a conduit had opened between the level where he was and the unimaginable levels stacked above it ; he also understood that if he looked for long into that brightening glow , those ( deadlights ) swirling colors , then death would be not the worst thing that could happen to him but the best .
the last thing i heard him say was ' give them back , they 're mine . ''
as she began to slip them free , ralph noticed a wonderful thing : she looked younger again .
by the following week they were gone , and ralph began to wonder if perhaps the whole thing had n't been some strange dream .
i saw the whole thing , and i 'll take my oath on it .
i was pretty sure human medicine could n't detect that sort of thing , but i did n't want to take any chances .
` ` it 's the type of thing people tend to have strong feelings about . ''
he hated this sort of thing , but sometimes one was given no choice .
first thing i hear this morning is that there 're some valuable note books on the street .
from its opening first thing in the morning , it was a solid blue - collar , working - class joint .
the weird thing was , it had clothes on . ''
` ` well , '' he said , ` ` the only thing is , when i do it , i , uh , well , it 's like this , i shrink , but my clothes do n't . ''
` ` and the next thing , you 'll be putting me on a bus .
one thing ralph had been right about .
all of her new clothes had been taken first thing to the airport .
we have not seen such a thing since bilbo went away .
i am going into the old forest first thing tomorrow . '
' what a foul thing to happen ! '
he told them tales of bees and flowers , the ways of trees , and the strange creatures of the forest , about the evil things and good things , things friendly and things unfriendly , cruel things and kind things , and secrets hidden under brambles .
but first one thing and then another this week have jogged my memory , as the saying goes ; and not too late i hope .
then i could n't find nobody willing to go to the shire next day , nor the day after , and none of my own folk were to spare ; and then one thing after another drove it out of my mind .
' never has such a thing happened in my time ! '
' yes , you have seen a thing or two since you last peeped out of a looking - glass , ' he said to his reflection .
they spoke no more of the small news of the shire far away , nor of the dark shadows and perils that encompassed them , but of the fair things they had seen in the world together , of the elves , of the stars , of trees , and the gentle fall of the bright year in the woods .
' yet we are hard pressed , and the sword of elendil would be a help beyond our hope c if such a thing could indeed return out of the shadows of the past . '
but such a thing has not happened before , that gandalf broke tryst and did not come when he promised .
for still there are so many things that i have never seen : in every wood in every spring there is a different green .
' what was the thing , or were there many of them ? '
i have never seen such a thing happen before , though i have heard of it in tales .
there was a quarrel , i guess : it is no uncommon thing with these foul folk .
' there 's only one thing those maggots can do : they can see like gimlets in the dark .
a thing is about to happen which has not happened since the elder days : the ents are going to wake up and find that they are strong . '
the king and his company slept no more that night ; but they saw and heard no other strange thing , save one : the voice of the river beside them suddenly awoke .
' one thing you have not found in your hunting , and that 's brighter wits , ' said pippin , opening an eye .
the next morning we went to entmoot , a gathering of ents , that is , and the queerest thing i have ever seen in my life .
' we were just wondering where it would be safe to lie and get some sleep , when the most amazing thing of all happened .
but there , they are the first new thing under sun or moon that i have seen for many a long , long day .
' it certainly came , ' said frodo , ' and that 's the chief thing .
and on the third night after another and a stranger thing befell me .
' yet how could such a thing have happened in truth ? '
if men have dealings with the mistress of magic who dwells in the golden wood , then they may look for strange things to follow .
' here is a thing unheard of ! '
were it buried beneath the roots of mindolluin , still it would burn your mind away , as the darkness grows , and the yet worse things follow that soon shall come upon us . '
but , beregond , if you can , do something to stop any dreadful thing happening . '
' well , luck did not let me down , ' muttered sam , ' but that was a near thing !
he groped forward , and then he saw a strange and terrible thing .
but one thing drives out another , and i was full of my own troubles .
as the baby 's dark violet eyes gazed intently at him , silas had the uncomfortable feeling that she had already seen things in her short life that no baby should see .
` ` well , this is the really awful thing , '' whispered sally excitedly .
it hated doing math first thing in the morning , and it was sure that marcia gave it nasty per - centages on purpose .
you know , it is a terrible thing for an apprentice to supplant his master . ''
of course the one good thing is we ' ve got a nice new extraordinary out of it , but goodness knows he 's got enough on his plate sorting out the mess the last one left , so we wo n't be seeing him for a while .
it seemed to take forever for the long , thin cloud to wander across the moon , and as they waited , jenna knew that the last thing she wanted to see was someone , or something , making its way through the marsh .
` ` that is the best thing ever ! ''
me , i like money that clinks , but wallace here says paper 's the coming thing . '
' it 's the sort of thing you notice , ' said adora belle .
that was the second surprising thing .
in years to come , clerks measured their banking experience by how close they were when the thing happened .
the door of the boarding house was opened by the hairiest woman moist had ever seen , but in the area of elm street you learned to discount this sort of thing .
` ` put down the ladle and turn around slowly '' sort of thing . '
' look , i know how this sort of thing goes , ' said moist .
' for telling me you know how this sort of thing goes , sir . '
it was a terrible thing to have someone like harry believing in you .
no help from on high - drumknott reports - a possible jape - mr fusspot takes the stage - strange things in the air - the return of mr bent - ' look out , he 's got a daisy ! '
but the most remarkable thing is this .
the only fatal thing is to sit down content with anything less than perfection .
now just the same thing happens about christianity .
as well , the thing i am talking of now may not happen to every one in a sudden flash - as it did to st paul or bunyan : it may be so gradual that no one could ever point to a particular hour or even a particular year .
the terrible thing , the almost impossible thing , is to hand over your whole self - all your wishes and precautions - to christ .
the terrible thing , the almost impossible thing , is to hand over your whole self - all your wishes and precautions - to christ .
and finally , i should not be surprised if , when the thing happened , very few people noticed that it was happening .
on this view the thing has happened : the new step has been taken and is being taken .
` ` hrud 's right about one thing , '' disten said .
when she did so , a very strange thing happened - a multitude of faint blue lines sprung from her chest , streaking out into the spinning mists .
` ` it was n't any one thing , i think , '' sazed said .
vin stood quietly , frowning , trying to imagine such a thing .
vin would have to make certain that sort of thing did n't happen , no matter what bloodline one had .
the thing he 'd seen had to have been a fluke .
` ` i do this sort of thing every night . ''
` ` i guess that 's one thing i did n't think of by making you a dog .
` ` this is not a thing we speak of . ''
the deepness is a thing a thousand years forgotten .
` ` i thought you said he was above this kind of thing , '' zane whispered .
` ` but , how did such a thing happen ? ''
of course , cett had had this same thing happen to him - breeze poisoning his water supply back before he reached the city .
` ` first thing , i 'd have you assassinated , '' cett said .
` ` you know the really funny thing , zane ? ''
some writers dismissed the entire thing as a legend - a rumor used by the obligators to enhance their god 's aura of divinity .
a thing of gods , a thing beyond the logic of scholars and philosophers ?
the sad thing - the thing that was really disheartening - was that druffel had once been the optimist .
when ruin controlled him , however , the falling ash was a thing of beauty , the red sun a marvelous triumph , the world a place of sweetness in its death .
that was n't the kind of thing to punish .
like the mists themselves , the ash covering our land was not truly a natural thing .
the thing she had felt at the well of ascension had been a thing of destruction , like alendi described in his logbook .
it seemed like just the kind of thing that would be related to people dying suddenly in those same mists .
the instant acceptance was the strangest thing vin had ever experienced .
the morning mists were a normal thing to him now .
` ` power can be a terrible thing , spook , '' she said quietly .
through it all , spook felt an amazing thing : his confidence growing .
she 'd always been taught that there was no such thing as an atium misting .
and yet , suddenly , vin became sure of one thing .
another thing i ' ve been a fool about .
` ` tell me of this thing , '' sazed said , leaning forward .
the thing that she 'd noticed earlier did n't have to do with the terris or their guests .
yomen had proven that there was such a thing as an atium misting .
hiring more constables , hanging more criminals , that sort of thing .
` ` this is just the sort of thing he likes .
ai n't that the funniest thing ?
` ` there 's another thing i ' m thinking about you , '' she said softly .
he did n't appear to have been injured badly ; a few scrapes to his face , the sort of thing a pewterarm could ignore .
` ` you know the really sad thing , wax ?
but the thing you wish between us is not viable .
what a thing to hope for .
damnedest thing ever . ''
we touch one another , huddling in the dark , as if the touch of another 's hand will keep the great bad thing from happening .
` ` liar , '' the queen said , and the last thing i saw before the darkness swallowed the world was the gleam of a blade in her other hand .
the next thing i felt was his hands moving to my hips .
we are unseelie sidhe , and that is a thing of death , but rhys reminded me what i 'd forgotten . ''
` ` the only thing that will call mistral from my side to yours in the western lands is if you come up pregnant .
julian then did the strangest thing .
the little thing was michael , but that was n't what caught her eye .
he had seen a lot of bad things in his life , but ... this was by far the worst thing he had ever seen .
he had seen a lot of bad things in his life , but ... this was by far the worst thing he had ever seen .
is n't that some greek thing ? ''
except it was n't the last thing i heard .
hunter swore again , and the next thing i knew my feet were off the ground .
his eyes drifted shut and the first thing i realized was that he 'd stopped breathing .
weirdest damn thing to see , but then the blurred effect spread and his entire body lost most of his descriptive features .
my thoughts wandered from one troubling thing to the next as i finished off my coffee .
` ` my second favorite thing to do is eat and i think you can guess what my first favorite thing is . ''
the one thing i noticed , which was weird as hell , was i did n't hear any sounds coming from the club or anything around us .
i was sure that at any moment the school photographer was going to jump out from the bleachers and claim he 'd captured the whole thing on video .
` ` the closest thing i ' ve seen to a werewolf was when my sister , juliette , tried to perm her own hair . ''
` ` it 's one thing i never forget .
` ` and that psychic predicted the whole thing ? ''
` ` the thing is , ivy .
but there was one thing that i could n't explain away .
but there was one thing she could n't predict - me falling in love .
as much as i hated for him to be locked away , i did enjoy waking up , rushing over to riverside , and seeing him first thing in the morning .
` ` that is the sort of thing they know . ''
it is a terrible thing to kill someone else 's hnau .
there is a thing happens in our world when the body of a living creature feels pains and becomes weak , and he says we sometimes know how to stop it .
` ` you 'd have thought they 'd have started this thing a little later to give us all time to ... ahh , get ready . ''
i was just preparing to rise again and hunt systematically round the room for a candle when i heard ransom 's name pronounced ; and almost , but not quite , simultaneously i saw the thing i had feared so long to see .
and now that the thing had happened i was no longer in a condition of abject panic .
the next thing he noticed was that he was very warm on one side and very cold on the other , though neither sensation was so extreme as to be really painful .
how long this state of affairs lasted he could not say , but the next thing that he remembers noticing with any accuracy was that the swell was decreasing .
there may be such a thing that you could cut off both your arms and your legs to prevent it happening - and yet it happens : with us '' ` ` but how can one wish any of those waves not to reach us which maleldil is rolling towards us ? ''
ransom had heard this sort of thing pretty often .
` ` that would be a strange thing - to think about what will never happen . ''
we put words together to mean things that have never happened and places that never were : beautiful words , well put together .
` ` maleldil would not make a thing like that happen .
it would have been better , or so he thought at that moment , for the whole universe never to have existed than for this one thing to have happened .
sleeping assuredly - for her eyes were shut and her breathing regular yet not looking quite like those who sleep in our world , for her face was full of expression and intelligence , and the limbs looked as if they were ready at any moment to leap up , and altogether she gave the impression that sleep was not a thing that happened to her but an action which she performed .
the same thing happened now .
the thing became like the frantic repetitions of delirium , and thirst a greater pain than any the adversary could inflict .
because it did not happen in your world a greater thing happened , but not this .
because the greater thing happened in thulcandra , this and not the greater thing happens here . ''
because the greater thing happened in thulcandra , this and not the greater thing happens here . ''
you are not great , though you could have prevented a thing so great that deep heaven sees it with amazement .
what this one thing was he could not be certain .
the last thing he wants to hear is you profess love for another , sabelle . ''
` ` pretty thing , '' mathias said to ice , still staring at sabelle .
one thing marrok had taught him well was to use a human blade .
it is the queerest thing that has happened this queer day .
` ` what is that terrace kind of thing ? ''
` ` why , the whole thing , '' said edmund .
they all jumped up , shaking the water out of their ears and wringing their little blankets , and asked the giant in shrill but forcible voices whether he thought they were n't wet enough without this sort of thing .
the same thing happened with every tree she looked at .
` ` it was that - that wolf thing . ''
` ` because news of such a thing would frighten the citizens of alera into a unity of purpose they could otherwise never achieve . ''
but if there is one thing their warriors know better than any other pack , it is fortifications . ''
were such a thing possible . ''
` ` she wo n't allow her child to die to satisfy her vengeance - presuming that she wants such a thing . ''
` ` that sort of thing ... leaves a mark . ''
` ` but when i realized that you staged the whole thing to happen where the icemen could see - and bloody sense everything that was going on , you showed me you had the brains as well .
the bubbling laughter that followed after the third or fourth excellent joke she 'd heard in an evening - and a thousand more , every single happiness , every single joy , every wonderful thing that had ever happened to her , every individual gratification of the body , mind , and heart , all blended into a single , sublime whole .
darce had no doubt when asked later none of them would remember seeing a thing , or even admit the team had stopped for so long .
can you give us some assurances that the same thing wo n't happen again ? ''
one said , got a crush on them , sort of thing ?
` ` funny thing , you can go through your whole life with the bloody thing ticking away or whatever it does , gurgling or whatever , and you never know what the hell it 's actually for .
strange thing , this .
` ` throwin ' a few bread rolls around , that kind of thing ? ''
` ` there 's too much of this sort of thing these days , '' said ridcully to the dean , as they strolled away .
` ` well ... you know ... yes ... first among equals and all that sort of thing ... yes ... ` ` ridcully managed .
next thing , i wake up in the dark , i ' m in a box , i finally find these matches , i light one , there 's this card six inches from my nose .
` ` wolves do n't do this sort of thing , you know , ` ` he said .
i thought you wizards knew about this sort of thing . ''
is n't that a terrible thing to have thought ? ''
that 's the sort of thing reg shoe is always going on about , you know . ''
` ` one of them things , yeah ... see , sometimes it just happens a little bit , and you get ghosts , because the life is not in the body any more but it has n't gone ... and you get less of it in the winter , because it sort of drains away , and it comes back in the spring ... and some things concentrate it ... '' modo the university gardener hummed a little tune as he wheeled the strange trolley into his private little area between the library and the high energy magic building , with a load of weeds bound for composthood .
` ` it 's just that up close , it looks - '' ` ` - all one thing , ` ` said the lecturer in recent runes , who had knelt down painfully to inspect it the better .
` ` no - one else was coming in , and i came down here to see where the music was coming from , and the next thing , there 's these wheels - '' count arthur returned to his approximately human form , looked around proudly , realised that no - one was paying him any attention , and sagged .
` ` chance would be a fine thing , '' said windle .
i wonder how cities would defend themselves against this sort of thing ?
` ` it 's very depressing , this kind of thing , '' he said , glancing up at the ravaged statue .
as if being old was some kind of thing you should be glad about !
one thing i do remember is thinking that if it was moving , a raft or a boat or an indian canoe would go by sooner or later and then i 'd know for sure .
i 'll bet i can finish by wednesday afternoon , and do you know the best thing ?
` ` bring me back to ettinger 's pier - that 's where the d and s thing is happening - and stay for the concert .
5 perhaps the best thing to happen all day , even better than rhoda 's stunning news that she might be worth a thousand dollars a week to robbie lefferts , was the look on pam haverford 's face when rosie turned away from the hot pot cash register with her fresh cup of tea .
only thing makeup looked like was makeup and the only thing a disguise looked like was a disguise .
rosie saw one thing she did n't like much , however , something that flashed her back to the bad old days with terrible and unexpected suddenness : blood .
with that done she got up , went to a set of stairs near the tree ( in dreams you never knew what fucked - up thing was going to happen next ) , and disappeared down them .
just the kind of thing a man who 's only pretending to be a cripple might forget , if his mind was on other things .
he realized a horrible thing : he needed to cough .
as she got up , he caught a flash of her butt , as bare as the day she 'd been born , and the most amazing thing happened : he started getting hard in his pants .
` ` the last thing i ' m clear on is pulling up on my harley in front of that police - car .
it 's the very worst thing that could happen to anyone - we are still red with rage at the very idea . '
luckily the moon was just passing under the world at the moment , and after a terrible time falling right through clouds , and bumping into shooting stars , and that sort of thing , i tumbled onto it .
' there is only one possible thing .
extraordinary things took place there afterwards : all the flowers went mad , and the vegetables were monstrous , and the fishes that ate them were turned into sea - worms , sea - cats , sea - cows , sea - lions , sea - tigers , sea - devils , porpoises , dugongs , cephalopods , manatees , and calamities , or merely poisoned ; and phantasms , visions , bewilderments , illusions , and hallucinations sprouted so thick that nobody had any peace in the palace at all , and they were obliged to move .
the memories of lissandra and the thing in the cellar returned to him unbidden .
if it were nt for the magic thing , caden believed that he could take shock and teach him a lesson or two , despite the fact shock was big and mean .
what would cause such a thing ?
twenty minutes after one of the most amazing sexual experiences in his life and the only thing it had done was make him greedy for more .
caden still was nt certain how such a thing worked .
silently , i thought , except that to refuse your ruler is a dangerous thing .
i had no idea what , but if it made doyle nervous , it was probably a bad thing to miss .
is that so hard a thing to believe ? ''
a cultural thing , perhaps .
what a stupid thing to fear .
it was a horrible thing to do to anyone .
galen 's lips were soft and willing , but no matter how hard he pressed his hand into the ring , it did not become the near - overwhelming thing it had been with rhys and frost .
so far the disruption was the most interesting thing to happen , and they 'd lead with jenkins and the old feud , unless we gave them something juicy .
the first thing that let me know i was n't deaf was the thick beat of frost 's heart against my ear .
andais looked down the line of standing nobles , i think so that she did not single nerys out , but it was like many things tonight , in trying to do one thing , another thing was accomplished .
that was the last thing ramon saw .
it was n't like this kind of thing was unheard of , but i was starting to pick up on lara 's ` ` schizo '' vibe .
one nice thing i soon discovered was that with tall , dark , and handsome sitting next to me , no losers dared approach .
but being turned down is n't the worst thing in the world .
` ` the weird thing here ... '' ` ` yes ? ''
as i got into my car to depart , i saw the strangest thing .
` ` that whole thing ... what aeson said ... it 's stupid .
learning gentry magic was about the scariest thing - other than rape by a mud elemental - that i could imagine right now .
the weather was perfect for this kind of thing .
it 's a fleeting thing , though , and it ca n't quite win against that part of you that says not to submit to one of the shining ones . ''
the last thing i saw before all went to blackness was storm king looking down at me , face cold and uncaring .
it was n't the kind of thing i wanted people to consider publicly .
and anyway , for every bad thing in life , there are more good things to tip the balance . ''
we got to know each other , and well , one thing sort of led to another ... '' ` ` as it often does with you . ''
the only thing i recalled clearly was the lingerie debacle .
` ` jesus christ , that was the absolute best thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
when he turned his eyes directly on you , it was a hard and powerful thing .
of course , that does n't mean i want this to become an ongoing thing , but one mistake ... one mistake i can forgive .
` ` that was the best thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
this was the best thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the imp normally ` ` outsourced '' this kind of thing but had run into some kind of scheduling problem tonight .
we only hear about it when a vampire hunter does it , so it carries some special superstitious lure , when really , it 's only like that egg thing on the equinoxes . ''
` ` that 's the most horrible thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the getting - hit - by - a - car thing might still be a possibility , but my instincts doubted it .
like seth mortensen 's books , though , i did not like to burn through too much of a good thing too fast .
i never got to decide , however , because the next thing i heard was kyriakos calling me from the front of the house , home too early .
yet ... seth had been terribly nice to me , and he had wanted me to go to this thing before .
' hmm , let 's see ... dark alley , no one around ... ' that sort of thing ? ''
i felt that nauseating , rushing feeling again , and the next thing i knew , we stood in a very elegantly decorated living room .
it was the most amazing thing i 'd ever seen - not to mention the most frustrating .
` ` so what 's the alley thing you 're talking about ? ''
` ` you know , i might miss some of your witticisms when you 're gone , but one thing i wo n't miss ?
the only weird thing here was jerome apparently having less notice than me . ''
i felt selfish even thinking that way , but surely it was n't too terrible a thing to wish we could all get a happy ending .
the only thing i 'd deduced was that seth was never going to speak to me again .
i continued my pattern of packing and making las vegas preparations , all the while holding my breath for the next big thing .
the next thing i noticed was that i was n't in the body i 'd just been in .
` ` you and he witnessed the same thing ? ''
` ` but here 's the thing that hugh told me about these juries .
i thought i heard him saying something about ` ` a far , far greater thing , '' and then i perceived nothing .
` ` a funny thing happened last night ... . '' i frowned .
mei reported the same thing . ''
` ` you know , i was thinking about this thing that 's going on ... this force or siren song or whatever .
i 'd had a vague idea of what would occur on our wedding night , but my imaginings had never come close to the real thing .
my father was clearly taken aback - not an easy thing to accomplish .
` ` she did n't tell any of us about this thing she kept feeling , '' growled cody .
what i did n't add was that one startling thing had come from the dream .
i returned to work , a good thing for the store because maddie had taken some much - needed time off .
though sholto letting go of gran had been the thing that had made the older cop succumb to galen 's charm .
it seemed an orderly thing , as if god said ` ` giraffe '' and a giraffe appeared fully formed as we know it .
` ` it is not a happy thing for me to fly , meredith , '' doyle said .
that horrible thing that happened in persia . ''
gregorio tried , she really did , but one thing our soldiers are not trained to do is leave their wounded behind .
aside from alexa , she 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
` ` if you believe nothing else i ' ve ever said to you , believe that , and one other thing as well ... i was the one who took you home again . ''
` ` how do i know the entire thing was n't an elaborate set - up between you and that other devil ?
she had n't deserved a single thing that happened , but they were together now , and he would n't be able to stand it if she had any regrets .
` ` if i 'd never had the first freaky thing happen to me since we met , is this about as long as we 'd have lasted ?
the sad thing is , i ca n't even blame you . ''
but this was only a one - time thing .
maybe that was the kind of f**ked - up psychological thing that happened when you got bounced from one guy 's bed , only to bounce another guy into yours with no downtime in between .
i spent the whole thing curled up in the corner of my bedroom , crying .
you must have a magical healer for this sort of thing . ''
maybe it was a magic thing .
if i ' m captured , surrendering it again may be the only thing that saves me .
i knew it was the centre , for there was the thing i had chiefly come to see .
` ` extraordinary thing ... '' he kept muttering .
people taking over the whole thing if that 's what the d.d .
` ` i have n't time for this sort of thing , '' said steele .
the whole thing might have been arranged simply to let him fall between the two stools ... then he and jane left to sink or swim with not a sou between them ... ...
and as i say , the real thing - the big riot - must take place within the next forty - eight hours .
` ` but how are we to write it to - night if the thing does n't happen till to - morrow ? ''
then came a most horrible thing : the mouth began to dribble .
` ` i think it means that the thing has been planned long , long ago , '' said the director .
if that sort of thing could happen ...
she was just moving to try to put it out when she saw that the same thing had happened to a picture on the wall .
today an unusual thing had happened to him - he had got into the garden without being muzzled .
when he found that the thing had really happened he became so frightened that he sat still at the bottom of the grassy bank on the very edge of the road .
the largest thing that had ever happened to her had , apparently , found room for itself in a moment of time too short to be called time at all .
and that 's a thing i wo n't stand .
almost the last thing he saw on earth was the skinny folds on wither 's neck shaking like the wattles of a turkey - cock .
that was the last thing i saw : merlin standing there like a kind of pillar and all those dreadful things happening all round him .
that was the last thing i saw : merlin standing there like a kind of pillar and all those dreadful things happening all round him .
then sador was troubled , for he knew well that turin had himself received the knife that day ; but men held it a grievous thing to refuse a free - given gift from any hand .
but a worse thing is yet to come forth .
but mablung said : ' some strange and dreadful thing has chanced that we know not .
they gave her a chocolate bar and they wiped her face and asked if the tattooed man had ridden a motorbike , and scarlett 's mother and father , now that they were relieved and not afraid for her any longer were angry with themselves and with her , and they told each other that it was the other one 's fault for letting their little girl play in a cemetery , even if it was a nature reserve , and that the world was a very dangerous place these days , and if you did n't keep your eyes on your children every second you could not imagine what awful things they would be plunged into .
` ` but that 's not a good thing to talk about , '' said the emperor of china .
` ` it 's an old town thing , '' said the lady mayoress , vaguely .
` ` that 's the potential thing you were talking about . ''
maureen quilling had had the worst week of her life : nick farthing was no longer speaking to her ; her uncle tam had shouted at her about the owens kid thing , then told her not to mention anything about that evening ever to anyone , as he could lose his job , and he would n't want to be in her shoes if that happened ; her parents were furious with her ; she felt betrayed by the world ; even the year sevens were n't scared of her any longer .
it is a terrible thing to be ahead of your time . ''
the thing we were talking about .
the thing that happened in my house .
` ` i 'll smash the rotten thing , '' cried eustace ; and then several things happened at the same time .
and the next thing eustace knew was two agonizing jabs in his hand which made him let go of the tail ; and the next thing after that was that the mouse had picked itself up again as if it were a ball bouncing off the deck , and there it was facing him , and a horrid long , bright , sharp thing like a skewer was waving to and fro within an inch of his stomach .
` ` well , anyway , i looked up and saw the very last thing i expected : a huge lion coming slowly towards me .
and one queer thing was that there was no moon last night , but there was moonlight where the lion was .
` ` well , exactly the same thing happened again .
` ` what a horrible thing . ''
and all at once she saw the very last thing she expected - a picture of a third - class carriage in a train , with two schoolgirls sitting in it .
instantly a most extraordinary thing happened .
it was thought a finer thing then to have a cabin - boy 's berth on the dawn treader than to wear a knight 's belt .
but though this spoiled her view it led to the most interesting thing of all .
i ' ve heard of that kind of thing happening before in strange seas .
i waited until my raspy breathing returned to normal and then curled up in bed.every two seconds , i glanced back toward the necklace.it was lying motionlessly on the floor , as innocuous as ever.and it was not glowing.either i was crazy or i had imagined it.i finally drifted back off to sleep as i desperately tried to convince myself that i had dreamed the whole thing ... because i did n't like the alternative .
` ` she grinned broadly.i should have known , of course.she would want to hold them in her arms as much as she possibly could.another thing that history had not recorded ... she was an excellent mother .
` ` but annen is gone.and he can not possibly know of the consequences.and quite frankly , neither do i.i ' ve consulted with the elders and no one has ever seen such a thing .
tinuviel being a fairy minded them not as many of the children of men do , although she loved not beetles , and spiders will none of the eldar touch because of ungweliante -- but now the white moths flittered about her head and dairon trilled an eerie tune , when suddenly that strange thing befell .
great was the agony of beren and the fear and anguish of tinuviel , yet even as they expect to feel the teeth of the wolf a new thing strange and terrible comes to pass .
and this was the torture he devised for the affliction of urin the steadfast , and setting him in a lofty place of the mountains he stood beside him and cursed him and his folk with dread curses of the valar , putting a doom of woe and a death of sorrow upon them ; but to urin he gave a measure of vision , so that much of those things that befell his wife and children he might see and be helpless to aid , for magic held him in that high place .
now was this a very grievous thing , for glorfindel was most dearly beloved -- and lo !
none are that yet live , ' quoth ailios , ' ' who have seen that most glorious thing , save only ' littleheart son of bronweg , yet are many things told thereof .
now is it to be said that beren sent for ufedhin and well rewarded him for his words of true guidance whereof the dwarves had been overcome , and he bid him dwell in ... . among his folk , an d ufedhin was little loth ; yet on a time , no great space there - after , did that thing betide which he least desired .
of that last battle of the upland heath whose roof is the wide sky -- nor was there any other place beneath the blue folds of manwe 's robe so nigh the heavens or so broadly and so well encanopied -- what grievous things i saw i have told .
the beating to which he had subjected his wife and son was nothing , he did not give them a thought ; a terrible thing had just happened to him , and naturally his rage had exploded on those nearest him ; that was how life worked .
' the only thing he 's worried about is that he 'd have to miss bloody match of the day to take me to hospital . '
viii the move to pagford had been the worst thing that had ever happened to gaia bawden .
' oh yeah - that thing about si ?
i did n't actually realize what i 'd seen until much later ... and the dreadful thing , ' said shirley , her colour higher than ever , and returning again to her favourite refrain , ' is that if krystal weedon had n't let that child wander off while she was having her fun in the bushes , the ambulance would have reached howard so much more quickly .
then one thing led to another because i was n't mad at him . ''
` ` oh , we had kind of a thing this morning when he picked me up . ''
but then , watching him and darling , i just could n't stay mad , so i told him i was n't mad anymore , and then it was the one thing leading to another and he just grabbed me and did it again .
` ` i never got to alastar , which is just one more thing i can be pissed about .
` ` and whatever else there is , a birthday 's a thing to remember .
the scents of cooking , the simmering hum of the fire , the steady breaths of the dog who slept under the table all spoke of ordinary things while they talked of the extraordinary .
` ` this is the most romantic thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
as she followed eliza into the house , hannah could n't help but remember her mother sitting at night shift like it was the most normal thing in the world .
she wanted to change the subject to something less heavy , but it occurred to her that every good and exciting thing she wanted to tell also involved the circle , so she was left speechless .
but the death of a king by violence is always an evil thing if it comes not on the field of battle .
they had had no warning of the king 's passing , because murder is n't a thing that can be predicted .
if the citizens got the feeling that everything was still all right in spite of the terrible thing that had happened , peyna did n't care how many flower girls got splinters .
this stunning news on top of all else caused him to do a very natural thing , but it was a thing he should have avoided at all costs under peyna 's cold and assessing eyes : he burst into tears .
it had been the easiest thing in the world to exchange places with one of the squires meant to carry the dollhouse to the top of the needle .
it was the first good thing that had happened to him since these two lads had appeared with the accursed thing .
it had been yosef , head of the stables , who told him about that mysterious and terrible thing called ` ` breaking strain . ''
` ` breaking strain , '' he said , ` ` is a good thing for a prince to know about , peter .
peter had spent endless nights ( or so they seemed to him ) wondering and worrying when flagg would hear some wrong thing , some wrong note , and so get wind of what he was up to .
but on an early winter 's night in the year when peter was twenty - one and thomas sixteen , a night when peter 's thin rope was finally nearing completion , dennis saw something which changed everything - and it is with the thing dennis saw that cold night that i must begin to narrate the final events in my tale .
it was a thing his father had often talked about .
when he tested it , it had held his weight ... but there was one fact about that mystic thing called ` ` breaking strain '' that peter did n't know .
it was peter , playing with his dead mother 's dollhouse , pretending the house and the family inside were being attacked by indians ... or dragons ... or some foolish thing .
elvish singing is not a thing to miss , in june under the stars , not if you care for such things .
elvish singing is not a thing to miss , in june under the stars , not if you care for such things .
now it is a strange thing , but things that are good to have and days that are good to spend are soon told about , and not much to listen to ; while things that are uncomfortable , palpitating , and even gruesome , may make a good tale , and take a deal of telling anyway .
he had been underground a long long time , and was forgetting this sort of thing .
unfortunately for gollum bilbo had heard that sort of thing before ; and the answer was all round him anyway .
bilbo discovered a very interesting thing : the great gates were not the only entrance to the caves .
such a thing had not happened since first he came to the mountain !
cassie tried to cry out - the worst thing nick could do right now was perform magic out in the open - but no sound escaped her gaping mouth .
` ` because it was the same thing - ` ` ` ` it was n't the same thing . ''
adara was a winter child , born during the worst freeze that anyone could remember , even old laura , who lived on the next farm and remembered things that had happened before anyone else was born .
he looked back at the bearded man , and saw an exceedingly strange thing : the thick black line of scar across the bearded man 's cheek and nose was gone .
it was good to have such a thing to remember as the little sister drew nigh , gossiping and whispering in their strange other tongue , but the medallion seemed a thin protection in the dark .
` ` a dragon is one thing , a dream 's another .
it was the funniest thing dunk had seen in years , and he laughed with all the rest .
the next thing he knew , he was climbing a tower stair with the bride squirming in his arms .
the same thing happened on the third pass , and this time ser uthor swayed as if about to fall .
thus the lies of melkor were made true in seeming , though feanor by his own deeds had brought this thing to pass ; and the bitterness that melkor had sown endured , and lived still long afterwards between the sons of fingolfin and feanor .
but the dwarves held on their way , and passed over the great bridge , and entered into menegroth ; and there befell a thing most grievous among the sorrowful deeds of the elder days .
that was the only good thing to come of all that happened .
the old stot had looked a sorry thing beside the sleek sand steeds that the dornishmen were riding , with their elegant heads , long necks , and flowing manes , but he had given all he had to give .
egg spoke as if such incest was the most natural thing in the world .
` ` a great battle is a terrible thing '' , the old knight said ` ` but in the midst of blood and carnage , there is sometimes also beauty , beauty that could break your heart .
` ` so close a thing ... if daemon had ridden over gwayne corbray and left him to his fate , he might have broken maekar 's left before bloodraven could take the ridge .
the only thing that dunk was certain of was that he wanted to drive his fist through lucas inchfield 's crooked yellow teeth .
she could n't tell if faye was growing larger before her eyes , or if she herself was shrinking , or if the whole thing was a hallucination .
that was one joyful thing cassie could focus on .
` ` good thing i ran into you or else you 'd be late for school . ''
which became , quite suddenly , a huge tarpaulin - covered cart , moving unstoppably and very fast ... and the last thing william remembered , before something flew out of the night and smacked him between the eyes , was someone shouting , ' stop the press ! '
it is hard to imagine such a thing in ankh - morpork , but i could just about accept it as a possibility .
' i always think it is a very sad thing when families fall out , ' said lord vetinari .
er ... you ' ve heard of things like the welcome wagon , where various neighbours and traders greet newcomers to an area ? '
' and the thing with the puppies and that kid ? '
um ... what would you say was the most important thing that happened at the meeting ? '
' sounds just the thing we 're looking for , ' said mr pin .
if this sort of thing happens a lot then you ought to carry a little bottle of emergency blood !
one thing had just gently led to another , and then the press had to be fed .
' she was the one last month who said her husband had been carried off by a big silver dish that came out of the sky , ' said william , who had a good memory for this sort of thing .
and even if the backs of said hands were rather hairy , well , that was the sort of thing that happened out in the rural districts .
' what a dreadful thing to happen ... ' ' what , having your head cut off ? '
' what was the odd thing lord vetinari did just before the ...
vampires and werewolves ... springing that sort of thing on a body , that was n't according to the rules .
it was the kind of thing that happened all the time .
everyone knows that sort of thing happens ' you did n't come to me ' said william .
news is unusual things happening -- ' ' and usual things happening , ' said sacharissa , screwing up a report from the ankh - morpork funny vegetable society .
news is unusual things happening -- ' ' and usual things happening , ' said sacharissa , screwing up a report from the ankh - morpork funny vegetable society .
' i mean , it 's been a ... a funny old time all round , what with one thing and another -- ' ' -- people trying to kill us , your being imprisoned , a plague of dogs , the place catching on fire , your being cheeky to lord vetinari -- ' said sacharissa .
but one thing i knew for sure : lewis was lying to me .
the whole thing could have been a dream , except for the burned patches in my clothes .
i was n't exactly believing in the whole demon idea , but he was scarily matter - of - fact about the whole thing , and besides , i 'd seen a few impossible things in the past couple of days .
it 's the mecca for that sort of thing , is n't it ? ''
it was a memory , and i 'd seen some shocking things , but a chill still zipped up my back as i saw the demon step out from behind a tree to face cherise and kevin .
that kind of thing does n't just stop because somebody waves a magic wand , not even in our world .
this was the most astonishing thing to happen to me all day - which was saying something .
the whole thing felt a little strange .
` ` is n't that a sioux thing ? ''
` ` the frightening thing is that you 're actually serious .
the whole thing was a blur , like some kind of dream that- all the hairs on my arms suddenly stood up .
of course , among the gentry , that kind of thing was probably pretty typical .
i knew he had magic for this kind of thing , but still .
the other thing i noticed was that i was uncuffed .
the other thing i noticed after waking was that jasmine was sitting right beside me , gray eyes staring into mine .
martin 's mouth kept moving , he was saying something more , but a roar from above was drowning out his voice : it was the last thing laurence heard .
` ` well , let us hope it does not come to any such thing .
it seemed the most natural thing in the world .
the boy 's screams had hardly sunk to a whimper before the king turned on the fox and me , and made us to blame for the whole thing .
the same year , too , a small thing happened which cost me many a shuddering .
the next thing was this .
but it was noticed for a strange and unlucky thing about this sickness that it killed the young more easily than the old .
` ` i have served ungit these fifty - no , sixty - three - years , and i have learned one thing for certain .
the sweetest thing in all my life has been the longing - to reach the mountain , to find the place where all the beauty came from - ` ` ` ` and that was the sweetest ?
` ` this thing that comes to you in the darkness ... and you 're forbidden to see it .
then as i rose ( for all this time i was still kneeling where i had drunk ) , almost before i stood on my feet , the whole thing was vanished .
` ` some frightful thing ? ''
` ` but , your eyes being open , you saw no such thing . ''
she would be all weeping and dismayed as i folded her in my arms and comforted her ; for now she would know who were her true friends , and would love me again , and would thank me , shuddering , for saving her from the thing the lamp had shown .
it is a strange , yet somehow a quiet and steady thing , to look round on earth and grass and the sky and say in one 's heart to each , ` ` you are all my enemies now .
and this would be the best thing in the world ; far better than some of the dooms i had looked for .
but the first time i did it - it was the hardest thing in the world to make my own hand plunge the sword into all that live flesh . ''
but it 's a poor thing to look at .
i was very afraid lest the thing should last too long and his greater strength would grind me down .
has the thing itself happened yet or not ?
it looked such a happy thing ( and it was indeed a most true , perfect , fortunate blade ) that tears came into my eyes .
but to hear a chit of a girl who had ( or ought to have had ) no thought in her head that i 'd not put there , setting up for a seer and a prophetess and next thing to a goddess ... how could anyone endure it ?
` ` mr . laurence is going directly to hard labor , like all the rest of the prisoners , '' lieutenant forthing had said , quite stupidly , as though temeraire were allowing any such thing to happen .
but it had quickly become the settled thing among the aviators who had been sent along as candidates for the new hatchlings to anticipate great things of the egg .
` ` i am pretty well found in prize - money , after all , and if i am set ashore , at least i can take my little fellow home , and not worry my life away wondering what absurd thing catherine is doing with him . ''
he was sure iskierka would be sent to brazil , it would be just the sort of thing which happened to iskierka ; it did not seem very fair that anyone so careless should have acquired heaps of treasure , and all the ship 's stores of cattle to herself , and also have a great deal more fighting , and everything pleasant .
because if there was one thing he did not feel right about , it was secretly teaming up with ripred in some cave and basically murdering the bane .
gregor clutched ares 's fur and just wished for the whole thing to be over .
it was just that rager thing , '' said gregor .
the whole thing had been a terrible , bloody encounter .
he wanted darkness to hide in while he tried to understand this new thing that had happened to him .
that was the last thing he remembered ... .
but he must have still been really tired because the next thing he knew , ares was waking him .
the whole thing just looked like some big free - for - all .
or would she just see the whole thing .
it was an awful thing to wish on his dad but it was better than having him drop straight down into the jaws of the rats .
he could n't stand that being the last thing between them .
` ` the thing is ... '' said ripred .
that whole thing about me leaping and then henry dying .
so maybe the only really remarkable thing that happened that day ... was that you decided to save my life , '' said gregor .
` ` i ' m beginning to think the main thing we ought to be blaming ourselves for is letting sandwich boss us around instead of doing what we think is right , '' said gregor .
` ` hey , that whole nibbler thing kind of blew up in your face , did n't it ? ''
we 'll go see her first thing tomorrow , '' his dad said .
` ` wow , i ' m really sorry about that whole thing back on the beach ? ''
the next thing he knew , they were on the ground .
` ` we 're staying until this thing is over . ''
` ` have them make the thing with the shrimp , wo n't you ?
oh , and there was that guy in that werewolf movie , same thing happened to him .
the only thing gregor could think of was that game .
he looked upward as if maybe he had dreamt the whole thing and pandora was flying just overhead .
` ` it 's the most evil thing ... i ... i mean , if you can kill a baby , what ca n't you do ? ''
the tricky thing was ... that made checking the grate that led to the underland impossible for gregor .
he needed to talk to vikus about this whole cure thing , but he could n't do it in front of his mom .
the main thing is that most of the humans and rats hate each other .
boots , who was exceptionally ticklish , giggled through the whole thing .
the only thing he could think of was he 'd have to start paying full price at the movies .
there was something soothing about the whole thing .
the next thing he knew , hamnet was shaking him awake .
and if temp is right , it would explain one thing . ''
` ` the same thing happened with my parents .
` ` the awful thing , is ... no one will truly be surprised . ''
one doctor gave him a light - green liquid to swallow and that was the last thing he remembered for a long time .
said ponder , who hated this kind of thing .
the librarian knew all about this sort of thing .
did n't see a thing . '
' i know the very thing ! '
it 's a thing you just do n't do .
' a god invoked , that sort of thing . '
madame , who clearly had an instinct for this kind of thing , put an arm around her shoulders .
they say it 's the coming thing , but i dunno .
if there was an award for the arse end of things , there 'd be a real bloody squabble for first place .
' it could be the coming thing . '
that kind of thing stuck in the memory , especially because after the match the owner of the head was credited with scoring the winning goal .
' well , maybe that sort of thing ' appens when goblins get a bit older , ' said trev .
it 's the kind of thing she 's always dreamed of .
' what with one thing or another it 's a good idea to give the horses a bit of a run every now and again .
then she said , keeping her eyes straight ahead , ' the thing about the poem ... ' ' how did you know , miss glenda ? '
' this thing with the ships ...
' oh , you know the sort of thing if you read the papers a lot , ' said ponder .
' like genuine autographed team jerseys and that sort of thing .
nearest thing to the gods .
` ` well now , that 's a thing to see .
a thing to see indeed . ''
` ` does this sort of thing happen often when he is near ? ''
it had been the greatest thing he had ever experienced .
` ` and that 's not an easy thing for me to admit , mind you . ''
here was the thing bryne wanted her to see : gathered on the other side of the bridge , bunkered down behind a blockade of stones and large logs , was a force of tower guard , the flame of tar valon on their tabards .
being cut off was not a thing hopper could conceive .
who ever heard of such a thing , gaining a price on your head for speaking out in favor of the queen ? ''
this thing he was seeing , it was some kind of dream or vision of the future .
and yet there was such a thing as being too zealous .
one might think you are making a habit of this sort of thing , graendal . ''
besides , it seemed the sort of thing rand might have been about .
she also knew that most of the time , failing and dying were the same thing .
of course it is , hopper sent , laughing after the way of wolves - as if what perrin had discovered was the most obvious thing in the world .
it is a thing i ' ve always known , hopper sent .
well , this was the sort of thing lords did .
obviously aybara had little experience with this kind of thing .
` ` the thing the wetlanders speak of . ''
he drove away the vestiges of his dream - a silly thing , of him dining with a dark - haired beauty with perfect lips and cunning eyes - and reached for his sword .
rand 's intervention at maradon had saved what was left of the city , but if that sort of thing was happening all across the border with the blight ... . twenty soldiers - lances upheld with narrow , blood - red banners flapping from them like streamers - intercepted rand 's group long before it reached the army .
if that 's the oddest thing we see here , i 'll be a murandian 's mustache .
` ` for the fear of man is a thing untold .
odd thing to see , that .
and this thing with welyn 's face and voice was not the same man .
is this so terrible a thing to consider , being with the three of us ? ''
some said that entering in the flesh was an evil thing , that it lost you a part of your humanity .
this war is not a thing to mourn .
of course , the craziest thing i ' ve seen these last few days is what kragil did when fighting that fade .
have you heard of such a thing ? ''
that sort of thing '' .
` ` i ca n't see a light - blasted thing , just a churning of bodies and those balls of fire shooting back and forth , blinding us all ! ''
` ` a report just came in of such a thing '' , a servant said , bowing .
that sort of thing did n't happen by accident .
rand had heard of such a thing , a deathswarm , one of the many dangers of the blight .
during the war of power , the only thing that demandred had ever done better than his friend was as a battle general .
he figured that was the last thing the trolloc would anticipate .
this time , it was a white - hot thing , like a metal heated beyond the point of being worked by a smith .
i have one more thing to show you .
the only thing they did find was matted gray hair on a broken window ledge and a ... '' jax opened the journal .
` ` that thing ... in the alley .
back to jax ... the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
the last thing she saw was lori , covered in what nikki hoped was ryan 's blood , both hands clasped around the handle of the knife .
next big thing .
not a thing friends did .
there was a thing on the ' net about it ; the it guys told me over breakfast .
we had some promo commercial thing .
the questions they tried to frame were just as vague as my answers , so in the end the cops just gave it up and accepted the whole thing as a suicide .
she vaulted up to the roof of the white van , where detective rodriguez might have noticed a slight weight displacement but would n't have seen a thing even if he 'd looked out .
you get this kind of thing often around here ? ''
i felt jonathan die , and it was a terrible thing , like every mouth in the world opening to scream .
next thing i knew , i was being packaged up and posted here , where i ' ve been stewing for the last month or however long it 's been . ''
in all my life , i had never known such a thing as hitting the deck boards of this ship and as soon as the bundles had all been set down all together , and the women had climbed on top of them and faced each other with veils drawn , and james had given us his more serious and warning face , salome and i dashed off and made for the rail of the ship , slipping under everyone to reach the point where we could see the port and all the other hurrying people who were still waving and disputing and carrying on , even though we were all but crushed by the bellies and backs against us .
little mary was also wailing - and all in all so much happening around me - that it was hard to pay much attention to any one thing .
we saw them for the first time , the gathering of men up there above the gates , who could have watched the whole thing from there .
the women and the children were all gathered around bruria and riba , and they talked on and on of the many things that had happened in the country .
my eyes went back to the closest thing i could see before me : the little creatures moving , running so fast over the broken bits of earth .
' was this not the very thing i knew would happen ? '
i had n't dreamt of such a thing .
i thought of absolom , the son of david , who had been comely , and the strangest thing happened : this man on the bench grew longer , fuller hair .
it was a ` ` glorious thing to behold . ''
and he 'd seen me bring clay sparrows to life , a thing i hardly remembered .
it was a dark and beautiful thing like the music rising , and the prayers spoken everywhere in hebrew .
i felt that he was about to dismiss what i had said , about to say that even if the child had somehow escaped bethlehem , it was all just a story , and herod 's butchery was all the more a horrid thing .
` ` this is a strange thing , '' she said .
and indeed the house had been filled with such people for many years , and it was a common thing to see these travelers on the road to visit hananel , to bring him books , to sit in the gardens of the house or beneath its painted ceilings and talk to him about the goings - on of the world and about matters of the law which men so loved to discuss when gathered together .
they stood quietly by , enduring the lecture , but confident with their secretive glances and smiles that they had been a party to a splendid thing .
fine robes to him were a usual thing .
` ` it was the most unfortunate thing that they would fly right into that electric tower in the fog . ''
` ` and you liked that sort of thing . ''
look , let mom run tests , let her figure out what the physical components of this thing are , how or why it , s happening .
` ` just legend , fiction , poetry , that kind of thing .
jim had managed to get the evening off at st . francis , which was quite a rare thing , and he had prevented grace and phil and celeste from coming on the promise that he would go and see why reuben wasn , t answering his cell , or e - mail , and if everything was all right .
` ` the same thing is happening to every bit of forensic evidence they recover from the creature at the scene of every crime .
` ` a terrible thing , laura , '' he whispered , but she couldn , t hear him .
what a fierce thing it had been .
` ` well , there is one thing we all know , isn , t there ? ''
` ` be the best thing that ever happened to your mother , if i did , '' he said .
there had not been the slightest suggestion that laura was not already one of them , and this , in reuben , s mind , had to mean one thing .
if you give the chrism to a young child , you will see the same thing happen : the change will come with early adolescence .
he thought of all the things he had to do for his son , all the things he 'd have to assure , and one thing seemed absolutely certain , that he would never let the secret of the chrism enter the life of his son , that he would shield his son from it even if it meant taking him away from nideck point when the time came .
they absolutely love this sort of thing , people descending on the forest and its neglected little towns , gentle people , people who love the cold crisp pine - scented air .
and then towards the end of the party , this very small thing happened , such a small thing . ''
and then towards the end of the party , this very small thing happened , such a small thing . ''
jamie obviously thought it was the most exciting thing ever , and he stood gazing down over the intricate drawings with wonder , asking if people had done these on a computer or by hand .
that was the only thing i wanted to see .
` ` i plan to videotape the entire thing so you can watch .
because the other thing i knew ?
so perhaps i only had one thing to fear : going back .
` ` hold tight , harry , we got ta see a friend about a thing . ''
only morales appeared to see the whole thing as some sort of joyride .
his ironic tone hinted it was a more common than an every - now - and - then thing .
the last thing i heard before i slipped into the black was the sound of a gun firing .
the first thing i saw was one of the cops humping the statue like a stripper on a pole .
the thing that finally did him in was his girlfriend finding his stash one night when he 'd crashed after a weeklong bender .
i guess he found one because next thing i knew , he was speaking to gardner through the mouthpiece .
` ` got some labs back from items collected at that college thing last night . ''
the visceral pressure built in my chest and head until i wanted to claw my skin off and run through the woods like a night thing .
` ` the thing is , before john could finish it , bane busted in and shot volos full of gray wolf .
i tried to smile and answer the questions , but the entire thing passed in a blur and i have no idea if my answers made any sense .
it must ' ve briefly knocked me out , because the next thing i knew , i was on my knees and mrs . paulson was about to hit me with a heavy picture frame again .
` ` was that the only strange thing you saw ? ''
my instincts were screaming at me to run from the horrible thing outside these crumbling metal walls , and i let those instincts consume me , filling me until i could n't focus on anything else .
one thing i can say is that demetrius is full of shit about your sister . ''
she spoke to him as if was the most natural thing in the world , as if she expected a reply .
' t is the strangest thing . ''
the only thing i feared was that the sister would n't want to be found .
one thing toby did n't pack was a brush , so i attempted to use my fingers to straighten out the tangled strands .
we boarded the plane , and the first thing i noticed was marv sitting next to a dark haired woman .
i wanted to know it was n't a one - time thing , because going to sleep with casey in my arms was perfect .
i was sure of one thing .
chapter two casey being pushed off the empire state building may have been the best thing that had ever happened to me .
jared rolled his eyes like it was the most ridiculous thing ever .
` ` i went to upstate new york to investigate a dispute between a bear clan and a wolf pack and the next thing i knew , i was back in new orleans .
the only thing that would have made it more enjoyable would have been casey sitting next to me , but at least i got to watch her looking irresistible in that dress .
that was another thing that had happened since shifting for the first time .
you ca n't tell me that kind of thing and not give me more details . ''
it 's just some stupid thing that happened a while back .
` ` i still refuse to believe you 'd be in hell , but we could have imagined the wolf thing . ''
now , she was curled up in my lap like it was the most natural thing in the world .
funny thing , though ... '' he gave her a cold smile .
` ` around this sort of thing ?
i got sucked into some dinner thing .
and this thing will never end . ''
but i ca n't make this a regular thing .
as i ' ve noted before , to look inside another immortal was no small thing .
` ` well , it 's a conference kind of thing ... '' ` ` oh , yeah .
` ` there 's another thing , '' dennis starts , and then stops .
it had looked like thousands of fireflies in the moonlight ; like breathlessness , like time stopping , like the most beautiful thing she had ever seen .
when your whole body is gone , it 's the same thing , just on a larger scale - phantom body syndrome .
the funny thing is it never would have come out if martin had n't made that idiotic comment about jimi hendrix .
maybe he was imagining this whole thing , hallucinating .
one thing i do know : it was thomas 's idea to run away .
but the weird thing is after a minute or two , i thought i could hear it .
lon chaney was one thing , but alla nazimova was another .
and they say there s no such thing as bad publicity .
that situation at the colony club , it was a one - time thing , wilkerson retorted .
oh my lord in heaven , chuck , it was only the most gorgeous thing i ve ever seen in my life !
marcus did nt think much about it until the same thing happened half a block closer to pershing square .
on the way down the gravel path to the fountain in the center of the park , the same thing happened twice more .
the last thing she wanted to do was wade through a slab of a book about the same thing .
the last thing she wanted to do was wade through a slab of a book about the same thing .
same thing happened over at my farm too , i guess .
there ai n't hardly a thing that can go on out in these hills without you knowin ' it .
and i 'll tell you another thing ... they 'll have ole walter hung by the time you get back .
let me attempt to explain to you why i am so anxious to continue in your good graces , or i should rather say , why i would like to achieve your good graces , if such a thing is possible .
it is evident that i canna welcome her here , even if mrs . clark would allow such a thing , which to her credit , the good lady does not .
she had never heard of such a thing , except perhaps among the ancient greeks , and yet it explained what he had meant when he said that society had taught him well to be a liar .
the next thing that i saw was someone drowning .
she commented that the only thing she could remember was playing chase with michael .
all the memories that had flooded their minds had become so jumbled that there was no one place in which they could start to explain any thing that had happened .
the important thing is i m back , he grabbed her hand in reassurance .
you may be asking yourself , having never heard of such a thing , safely sheltered in your bucolic paradise as you have been .
9 thursday , 24th may dear julia , i look upon it as the most providential thing , that i spent so many lines in one of my letters last week telling you the details of how i waste my time here , for today i have an incident to relate , which you could not properly appreciate without that silly prologue .
louisa organises that wretched thing every year .
this is nt the first time this sort of thing has happened .
there was , however , one thing i was certain of .
robert could only guess if girls went through the same thing .
the first thing that elizabeth noticed was all the people standing along the back wall , facing the fireplace where robert , jamie and the minister were waiting .
the plaine old duke his life to save of his owne man did souccour crave in hope that he would him releive that late much land to him did give base banester this man was namd by this vile deed for ever shamd it is quoth he a common thing to injure him that wrongd his king thus banester his maister sold unto his foe for hiere of gold but mark his end and , rightly see the just reward of treachery .
clearly the whole thing was my fault and it was my fault she was nt coming too .
it was a thing she hardly ever did .
aye and there s a thing more .
the oddest thing of all was that in my classes , the next day , i could remember nothing of what i d only just learnt that previous day , the day of meeting father joseph .
is there such a thing as coincidence ?
first thing tomorrow , ill poll the cast and crew .
same thing happened in hawaii years ago : camera fell in the ocean with half a days footage in it .
i would like to hear from youthat , for me , would be the best thing .
to erich , unless the soul has eyes to see and ears to hear and a mouth to speak , it seemed dying and being dead would be the most frightening thing in the world .
it would be a terrible thing for him to do so , she knew .
even then , julia imagined , where they were would be a wondrous thing for poets to write about , a moment , it seemed , suspended in time from all things human .
yes , but i would rather have a good god melt them as soon as we leave , julia said in a prayerful tone , as if such a thing might very well happen .
a compromise by the soul that might heal some distant day would be the ideal road to take , if there were such a thing to be found .
we may be on a slippery slope before this thing ends , he said .
the only thing anna knew for sure was that martin drossen was not elkas father , though she claimed him to be .
how many times had she sat here in the old town square with erich and her father , talking about this very thing .
its a terrible thing to live with fear , and surviving was all that mattered to me then , to live and see you again .
that is the funniest thing i have ever seen , he thinks to himself .
that is the funniest thing that i have ever seen , phillip .
that is the funniest thing that i have ever seen in my whole life !
this is the same thing that happened when running deer and gray wolf secretly entered this hall , just after they intentionally lost their guide in the afterlife .
if you will remember , this whole thing happened because you did nt want me to get wet .
the same thing has happened with my troops .
the saddest thing is that the beautiful garden will probably be ruined .
frankly , to be honest , its just about the most horrible thing i ve ever seen in my life , contessa .
that may have been the best thing that could have happened to the world , because thereafter he turned away from sculpture , focusing on architecture .
as she hung each item , patience could see the captain out of the corner of her eye , his back against a thick wooden rib of his vessel , a strong , able - bodied seaman watching her hang clothes as if it were the most interesting thing in the world .
a fire on a ship is the worst thing to befall a crew , and one of your girls started it .
its possible , big brother , and the best thing that can happen to a man .
aside from the splinter thing , i d rather keep the rest between us .
you know , a few county fairs , local matches , that sort of thing .
the only thing he 'll make you is miserable , i tell you .
with this termagant for a mother , meeting ` ` that scoundrel '' was probably the best thing that could ' ve happened to perry .
next thing he 'd known , he opened his eyes to find himself lying in a back street of oxford , bound , gagged and nursing a headache a hundred times worse than any hangover .
there would still be some little thing that i could look back on and say , yes i should have noticed that . ''
curious , hephaestus followed the shine , wanting to know what it was he had never seen such a thing , in all of his short years as a god .
the one thing that the crew did nt notice was that their guest had dry robes on dry , even though the oarsman who rescued him was himself salty and soaked from the seawater .
they wondered what could have caused zeus to give birth from his mind they had never heard of such a thing before .
as he collapsed to the floor , the last thing he saw was his wifes eyes closed .
such a thing had never happened before , because there was always a ruler over the world , and the gods were afraid of witnessing the first break .
that was why , when a nervous - looking hebe slipped into the chamber and whispered into athenas ear , the first thing ares thought was that a new conspiracy had started .
the same thing happened a few more times , and each time athena personally paid for the souls passage .
what a fearful thing to ask , '' melaina said .
he fought the instinct to counter with the controls , but remembered that this kind of thing had happened many times , and he never countered before .
and that our grandfather would nt hear of such a thing .
and this is nt the first time such a thing has happened , either , her aunt went on .
odd thing about his snuff box , thoughhavent seen a sign of the thing .
one would think such a thing would never be possible .
she wanted the angel to appear so badly that it was a depressing possibility that she had just dreamed up the whole thing .
he d gone to far too much effort to teach her for the whole thing to have just been a joke .
she sat back down , but it was such a difficult thing to keep her hands locked behind her back .
ill speak to the managers first thing tomorrow .
stuff i ve foundyou know , in the halls , under seats , that sort of thing .
oh god , he hoped the man would nt recognize him ; what a terrible thing it would be to be caught in such an ignominious predicament !
as the book took shape a strange thing happened , albeit in minor details , but the exact nature of facts changed , conflicting with my carefully prepared and sealed notes .
the second thing can wait till the next chapter ; the first thing was the sudden and unexpected death of edward iv , on april 9 , 1483 , just short of his 41st birthday .
only one thing else happened that day , as i tried to make peace with my own spirit .
england goes on to great power in the world , bringing many good things , but also a blight caused by the bad .
what terrible thing happened when you were a small child , to turn your heart from god to the devil ?
she wrote her story in a book titled a many splendoured thing fourty years ago , in 1950 , when north korea invaded the south .
the only thing that will void death will be judgment day , and then and only then could body and soul be separated again .
on the other side of my ancestry similar things were happening .
for asia , the whole thing was like a dream .
the next day much the same thing happened .
that such a thing could happen was not only too much at odds with their personal beliefsand faith that god would not allow itbut also with their personal and jewish historical experience .
the same thing happened again when the earth had rotated once on its axis , the second day of the massacre .
it was the strangest thing he began .
but one thing went wrong .
first thing in the morning , the peasant gave them some bread , cheese and onions then slogged the three miles back to see what had happened .
if the same thing happened a year later , or if the partisans had been jews , i have no doubt the partisans would have shot them dead .
there s only one thing she remembered , one tiny detail that i find profoundly comforting .
although i feel honored to have experienced such a thing , said sirona .
the light grew in intensity , blazing , brilliant , the brightest thing she had ever seen .
how could she prevent the same thing from happening to her ?
` ` next thing and they 'll be out past gibraltar , pillaging our shipping right up the thames .
` ` the most amazing thing is what they say about the great moghul himself , the one they call arangbar .
with all your fortune , you have failed to understand the most important thing that happened today . ''
such a thing would never happen in india .
` ` when this thing does not happen , you will die in even greater dishonor . ''
` ` well , i ' m sure that 's not the first time such a thing has happened .
` ` anglais , how can we possibly foretell such a thing in advance ?
the very thing we all wanted , and you managed it . ''
from her mouth , into the ear of unegen queen , i overheard an outrageous thing .
to pick a quarrel , to air the putrefaction of the carcass , to have orboi and tarqutai up stakes and go and camp elsewhere , was a thing she half - wished for , although against yesugeis schedule ; until she did exactly that .
there was a short addition on his sons khanship , and while they were there , inserts of backdated or cosmetic titles ( his father yesugei gets to be yesugei khan , although no such thing ) .
a honeymoon is one thing , but a trek across west texas is another .
the thought seemed to distress her even more , so he added , ` ` my mother can put herself to use in helping you plan the thing . ''
` ` the truth is a regrettable thing in this case .
scandal was not the worst thing that could happen to a family , despite the dowager 's convictions .
` ` yeah , well , you can thank everybody by winning this thing with billy .
and if it were true , then this time together with him was the truest thing in her life .
it was as if swinging a club at a ball were the most natural thing in the world .
a sure thing it was as sure as they come . ''
the first thing he did was roll on his side and vomit over the edge of the bed .
horse rides , hayrides , barbeque , that sort of thing .
well , the thing is , he died a few weeks ago .
i must have fallen asleep under the tree and dreamt the whole thing up , she thought , trying to calm herself .
as he trailed behind the faster and more nimble nick , peter had mixed feelings about the whole thing ; his stomach was doing backflips in anxiety .
other children on the shore , now seeing the same thing , started to jump up and down and chatter , describing to their elders all their sharp young eyes could see .
but , while the imagination we only agree is nt real , you have proven we can experience the same thing occurring in our minds as if it were real .
i feel for you , son , i do , for its a hard thing to bear , but many have born the same and lived to tell the tale .
a frostbitten man was a terrible thing to see .
the worst thing .
margaret stood in front of him , and it felt the most natural thing to put his arms around her .
anne , elizabeth , and i. caroline must have been quite taken with m.de lacourcelle , because first thing this morning , she volunteered to go into lambton to pick up aunt debourghs medicine from the apothecarys shop .
what a lucky thing you happened to come by , mr.carter .
so first thing , as soon as i was dressed , i went along to my cousin annes room .
still , first thing this morning , i knocked on my aunts bedroom door .
they took the train back to haslemere and daisy could n't shut up about all the things she 'd seen .
after finally drifting off to sleep , daisy awoke and immediately felt sad at the prospect of a boring and lonely day ; but as she sat up , she thought she was seeing things when she spotted a piece of paper on the floor , just by the door .
priscilla was usually so composed , this was a strange thing to witness .
she 'd never heard of such a thing , but what did she know ?
i ' ve never heard of such a thing , daisy uttered .
but he did nt get the part and he got very upset and i comforted him and one thing led to another .
so unfortunate for such a thing to happen in paradise .
because i ' m trying to smooth things over and talk to people who ' ve known me for many years and explain why such a horrid thing has happened in this house , rebecca replied through gritted teeth .
trevor looked up , still hoping for blue somewhere , but no such thing .
they had known each other since childhood , and on that particular day , as he abandoned the sky and shifted onto his side to face her , it was as if the question arrived on its own accord , willing itselfas the most natural thing in the worldto be asked , as just another face of spring .
and this is the odd thing , the very odd thing .
the odd , the almost inexplicable thing i must try to depict , is the change on his face .
i only wish this were the worst thing i d seen .
only thing is , looks like vortigern got away .
i joined that crowd with enthusiasm , but first a quite unexpected thing happened .
and death is nt he worst thing .
brother , the normal thing is a for a man to show his age .
because if there were , how could they have allowed for such a thing to happen ?
george has been fascinated by the whole thing and now wants to become an engineer .
chap called mallory got the whole thing started .
joseph did not have the imagination to see such a thing for himself , but he saw the fire of such a vision in georges young eyes .
a terrible , terrible thing !
one thing we do know now , said philip , is that huw had a hand in all this .
oh , and as i was coming back a strange thing happened .
funny thing was , gino went on , the same week that cree was meeting everybody , vassar degree and all that , she was on display at the checkout counter in the grand unionon the cover of modern detective .
next thing you know , i ' m in front of the base commander .
strange thing happened : she asked me not to let her niece have a chest that was in the attic .
no such thing happened , mister , and best you re not repeating lies .
one thing i do know about guns is that an m16 armalite is not too heavy .
and the gentle touch of ephemeral morning light , filtered through trees and tent , and the softening thing that sleep can do , enhanced all that i found lovely in her .
her scream was enough to wake me and i lay there in a sweat , relieved to find the whole thing had been a dream , one of those that feel so real you can recall certain details .
i m hoping there ll be the same sort of thing when we get back home .
and another strange thing julies done .
that 's what this cobra thing 's about !
he wants to ask about this button thing but lets it drop as sean hastens the pace .
angry and confessing , one unhappy thing is that when i work myself up to masturbate , i ca nt imagine you .
ugliness is sometimes all that life offers , she sighs , but you do nt have to wrap your identity up with what you re doing even if it is the most pleasurable thing to do .
its the most wonderful , incredible , totally far - out thing that s ever happened to me .
the next thing i know , he 's slamming me against the wall and tearing off my top with one hand , his fingers on my crotch with the other .
that 's the one thing i do n't want to happen .
' he 's saddling his horse in the stables milady , tis such a terrible thing - a terrible thing . '
' he 's saddling his horse in the stables milady , tis such a terrible thing - a terrible thing . '
strange thing is , daisy has n't tried to kill it .
i did n't tell you because it 's not the sort of thing you talk about on a first date .
the creation of a priest is a singular thing .
the other thing that happened in the village is that they learned to appreciate father marquette .
if any thing , this loss was more grievous than the burning of louis log , and it is even more difficult to understand .
in that court , such a thing was possible .
then a funny thing happened it turned off by itself .
last thing i remember , you and i was heading for a cabin .
` ` sure thing , i was thinking about going home anyway .
anyway , he mixed us a drink ; we drank a toast to the evening and the next thing i knew we were in bed .
` ` i ' m not one bit sorry for a single thing i said or did .
the next thing i remember , i found myself savoring the smell of julie 's coffee a little while ago .
main thing is she bought the land and we got the rock pile off our necks so we 're free to go for the big piece with no attached baggage . ''
the funny thing about it all , i bet she pulls it off .
someone said something stupid , someone else claimed no huguenots were being allowed out of the country , and the next thing they knew fists were flying and the building was on fire .
funny thing about old henry he was a huguenot !
about every terrible thing that can happen to a family happened to them .
having never been shot at before , we woke wondering whether the whole thing had been a bad dream .
in a minute she was kissing me , and then one thing led to another .
now that the re - enactment was finally starting , it would only be about two more weeks before the thing dragged to its conclusion and i would be able to come home .
couples bumped against each other and against other couples , and we all thought the whole thing was pretty funny .
the whole thing was caused by the stove .
i will drive up first thing monday morning .
the next thing i knew , i woke up in the back of that wagon , with david on a new horse .
he had let this horrible thing happen to her , when she was calling him .
her eyes filled at the smallest thing , and she felt silly to be so emotional .
contrary to hixsons hopes , the knock on the head was the last thing that happened .
when poppa was safely abed , momma declared a little tea would be a fine thing , and went to make it .
poppa was as devastated by sarahs pain as he would be if the same thing had happened to eliza .
i ve never seen such a thing , and i hope i never do again .
the first thing that happened is bad news .
meanwhile , hixson prayed that it would nt happen , and felt like he was betraying her for wishing such a thing .
he felt she had shown amazing strength to have not let such a thing break her .
some powerful thing was afoot and she was content to believe in it and to let it unfold with time .
he was only defending himself , and surely mr . brainerd had seen the whole thing .
the next thing he knew , someone was shaking him .
you get decent work for the first time in your lives and you want to quit it first thing .
this kind of thing does nt happen with my people .
the only thing i see is from where i m standing .
its an ancient thing you deny .
some kind of thing between you and sebek , and you and an - khi .
i had expected to receive at least to receive a reply from cromwell , heedless of whether he will execute father or not , but i got no such thing .
chapter 4 , the grand escape setting up my court was a special thing , and i could nt get enough of it .
he seemed like a man exposed to much surprises in life and no longer felt disbelief at every unlikely thing .
the worst thing which can happen to us is to stop praying .
the last thing i remembered was falling to the floor .
i was about to call out and wave when he did a most unexpected thing .
it must certainly be a shocking thing to watch as one 's house went up in flames .
much like me , if the fire inside me was indeed a natural thing i 'd been born with .
` ` the existence of spirits , angels , demons , that sort of thing . ''
i heard the shot and the next thing i knew , seth here was shoving me around like a rag doll .
the good man knew not what to say or think at such an odd thing happening .
but i heard the most peculiar thing last night .
the crazy thing is i did nt even like the painting and could nt understand why they had kept it so long .
the next thing we knew , we washed up on this beach last night , said hugh .
there was evidence of that which was unseen , that only a knowing eye could reason , like the magic that one played with child - like faith and brought things to pass ; so were the branches that loomed heavy with ice , breeching the ground as though almost dead .
the waitress plopped a ceramic cup down and poured from the vat of coffee , indifferent to the many things she had seen .
he reasoned that some things were just too hard for the mind to comprehend it even happened at all , and perhaps they were better off for having left as much unsaid , and among the ashes .
chapter three i had seen the crash a stupid thing , one ship sailing down the wrong side of the narrows and cruising right into a second ship , like two drunks failing to get out of each others way .
apparently , i woke up screaming , too , but i guess that was such a normal thing for me then that i did nt notice .
the same thing happened in the army at least until i was shipped to europe , where great soldiers were as common as bullets .
i could go back to truro first thing tomorrow morning .
and though no one had a story to tell him about his father , visiting with these soldiers made him feel closer to his father because they had experienced the same thing his father had , and in each face , he saw his fathers face , fighting the yankees , dying honorably in battle , and he hung on every word they uttered , claiming the information as if it was his own .
we shall leave first thing tomorrow , wade held out his hands to her .
wades mouth flew open , i never even considered that such a thing could happen .
the only thing that would happen is that you would cause her more pain , and your visit would reopen old wounds .
` ` that was a shameful thing that attalus allowed to happen to you . ''
the last thing he had recorded was the day he and becky were married .
there was only one good thing tom could think of that would come of this situation .
* * * * chapter 9 the next thing tom knew his pa was shaking him to wake him up .
i imagine just about everybody is praying for the same thing .
the sad thing is , it do nt look like it ll be over any time soon .
the only thing they had done was work for so long , he hoped this would give her a reason to smile .
the last thing i remember was feeling a burning sensation in my side and back .
* * * * chapter 17 things slowly began getting back to normal around the richards farm .
its never a pleasant thing to have to do .
how do , ben have a look at this it 's the latest thing in the raf : the typhoon .
the last thing she wanted in the world was to do either of these things .
i should be happy to , he stated grimacing , but i do not believe it an honorable thing to engage in fisticuffs with my inferiors .
tis a wonderful thing to have friends wat live in a castle , angelique said .
what terrible thing did is lordship do ?
i think it a rare thing in a culture when a woman has as many opportunities as a man .
one does not lose one 's temper as a thing to do , but must have a reason .
for some of the boys and young men , shivering in the cold and hurriedly putting their armor on ; this was the closest thing next to actual battle that they had ever been in .
oh , it was the most dreadful thing that i have ever seen !
god in heaven what a horrible thing for this child to go through !
the next thing i remember was smelling an animal .
it was somewhat humorous now , the whole thing .
whereas i would not have permitted such a thing if it were not true , what you ve said , therefore i shall investigate into the matter .
adrian put his memory to work more diligently this time and finally said , the only thing that i remember that was even slightly different is that there was a girl sent into the room with us while we sat and talked ; but i see nothing wrong with that .
soon people began to look around them and try to find some indication to the reasons why such a thing would be .
she had never imagined such a thing !
it can be a very harsh thing at times to be a man .
if milord is assured from heaven of such a thing how can i refuse your request ?
it was this one thing that put an end to their friendship .
it was this one thing that made his presence such a shock to adrian and his father , and seemingly such a frightful thing to trevor and salina , though adrian did not know how to account for their reactions .
nothing is a hard thing to imagine until you ' ve seen it , and now she had .
that kind of thing you never recover from . ''
the skies were grey for as far as tatum could see , and one thing you could do on the prairies was see a long way .
then he said that the only thing wrong was there was n't much room for the benjo .
brad heard and felt her breathing change and felt the little snuggle thing that she did against his side when she fell to sleep every night .
the rocks thrown at them had frightened her , not least because the incident had occurred when it did , just as the two of them had been talking about the same thing happening all those years ago .
what if the same thing should happen ?
but it does nt mean that the same thing will happen to us .
but when he did , well , he was nt angry , lizzie , and that was the worst thing .
no , no evil thing should happen .
when suraj and saira were lost in the jungle , the first thing they were expecting that ayaaz would do anything to find and rescue them if they did nt find a way back .
only thing she did nt know that ali quli was the same as sher afghan khan .
every night , it was the same thing .
his buddies laughed like it was the most hilarious thing they d ever heard .
its one thing to be criticised justly , and i m not saying i do nt get it wrong sometimes , but it really is quite another to accuse me unjustly .
but it was the most natural thing in the world to fall in love with gerald and now , how she loved him still .
i do nt know how long the strike will last but i do know one thing .
the whole thing was witnessed you know , said mary .
the whole thing was planned .
the whole thing was surreal as paul had played his part to perfection .
i ca nt believe it after all we ve been through some little thing like that got him right in front of us .
` ` funny thing , though , '' he added innocently .
last thing i remember was us sneakin ' up them stairs , an ' now here we are hogtied an ' ready for roastin ' . ''
` ` funny thing , though , '' ridge said .
i saw a cow give birth once , the most frightening thing i ever saw .
andrew stood by watching the whole thing , entertained as richard laughed .
wishing can not make a thing happen ; sometimes even praying is futile .
this was the thing she prayed for , but the presence of the three strangers made it seem unpropitious .
i am leaving first thing in the morning to go him .
now anne looked up at the mans face , and the first thing she saw was an unmistakable scar .
chuck reached out toward her , and the next thing she knew , she found his hand holding hers .
she planned the whole thing , and rita even uses violets recipes .
that kind of thing does not happen in my house .
that kind of thing happened wherever and whenever the boches liked .
now you re pissing off my brother ... what amazing thing will you do next ! ?
its dark and i ca nt see a thing , but then a beam of light appears out of the hole .
the only thing that your crew did was hit each of my crew , with the bottom of one of their feet , in the chest .
the only thing that saved us was that williams and bellamy quietly sailed up behind him and boarded his ship while he and his crew were concentrating on us .
a bad situation turned into the most wonderful thing that has ever happened to both of us .
the next thing i knew i was pushed through the portal by its tail .
blue cloud , the same thing happened to you .
there is one thing strange that i noticed blue cloud what s that ?
the last thing that i heard about him was that he had business in the cayman islands and then he was going to port royal for some fun .
that is the funniest thing that i have ever seen , grace states as laughter can be heard throughout the dining area .
the last thing i heard was that he was heading to martinique , for some odd reason .
the thing that i am worried about though is that morgan said that he is on his way to martinique .
what if the same thing happened to her that happened to us ?
that s the same thing that happened to us .
next thing i know , a letter comes from a woman .
she thought she saw the same thing flicker in his eyes , but could nt be sure .
that was the most exciting thing i ve ever seen , she told him as she put a hand on his arm .
next thing i know , i get a letter from your daughter and i just had to write to her .
surely the news was not completely unexpected ; this kind of thing had happened before .
when he had finished , dolf said , ` ` and still after a thing like that the government wo n't send us any help ? ''
when i come crawlin ' up outa that hole , the first thing i saw was a gun pointin ' at my nose . ''
bramwell would want the whole thing to be over when that happened .
whoever heard of such a thing !
he could have imagined the whole thing , for all we know , alma reminded them .
the funny thing [ well maybe not so funny ] is when i woke , i cried .
but it was the sort of thing parkman had become used to after so many years as a law man .
it 's a thing i wo n't forget .
it was an ugly thing to take a life , no matter how just the reason .
his horse was saddled and waiting outside , and rosalie knew without being told that the closeness they had shared in the past few days must necessarily be a passing thing .
then , while the shepherd raced after the escaping animals , some of the corralled sheep would slip out through the gate and the whole thing would start over again .
one more important thing i found out nate , the area from lexington to the cumberlands is crawling with bandits .
the only thing sam said he could remember was the jingle of the outlaws spurs as he walked across the room .
that s an interesting thing sary .
she never knew why ; however , another strange thing : she said he never attended the regular weekly meeting of the quakers .
if it were real , he knew one thing the name blue was like saying god had sent him , cause it sure parted the seas and opened the doors around the prison .
wrong , though malinda , he s been back all right , but you re right about one thing he was after something , but it was nt the boys !
before she finishes , she had another thing to talk about scarlett plantation .
i will hear one of two things standing here underneath the belfry a sweet ring of the original brass bell or something else .
they have no way of knowing , but one thing they realize - when it ends a new adventure will begin .
` ` it ai n't a thing i take a pride in keepin ' count of . ''
` ` it 's a funny thing 'bout hangings , '' he said .
a thing like this might make some of the big texas outfits start lookin ' toward some other market towns for their beeves .
it was a horrible thing to take a life , an awesome sickening tragedy .
it was a dreadful thing to kill a man .
and then a remarkable thing happened suddenly and unexpectedly .
as he and rakestraw stared intently into one another 's eyes , ridge could not rid himself of the feeling that this whole thing was a travesty .
i think the conversation lasted a little longer , but we had not had an evening together for over a week , and one thing led to another and that sauce never did get finished , although at least this time i remembered to turn the stove off .
he covered it well talking about the need for the repairs , rough winter , that sort of thing , meanwhile i assumed a check was being run , my plates verified , and lots of things were being said into his earpiece .
a funny thing happened west of st . paul nothing .
who knew how such a thing could happen , but then it might happen to another house tomorrow .
if foster had been telling the truth and the dubuissants were thieves and liars , the other thugs might turn on them and this thing end on its own .
the other unusual thing was the way others in the store reacted to the angry - men .
one other good thing happened .
several he told to leave immediately , the others he gave some task in town buy groceries , stop for gas and stay for a long cup of coffee , that sort of thing .
when i was younger , i wanted that very thing too .
i realized i needed to talk with mister beeder about this sort of thing .
i ve seen this type of thing before , mister cyder .
on my horse , i got a sewing kit for this sorta thing .
when i got there , the first thing i noticed was she had bruises from being hit and her top was torn exposing her brassier .
the whole thing had happened so lightning quick .
he was a friendly ear when things got tense over some minute thing as was likely in such close quarters .
the first thing next morning he wired his parents that he was alive and not to believe anything else .
the general consensus was that the whole thing was a propaganda gimmick , dreamed up by madison avenue .
the thing that does , is that you and jody are alive and here and we can all be together .
it is said it is the coming thing , the future of japan .
the last thing she remembered was the wine and stefan and ` ` stefan ! ''
and if there was such a thing as reincarnation then it would mean that lindsey was still out there .
the only thing is .
the first thing meg noticed was that the table had three place settings , not two .
ye can tell him ony damn thing ye like , hen .
weel , ye please yersel , china , but ah kin tell ye wan thing ahm no goin within a mile o the rag store .
a week later walking home from work with caz , becky said : caz , i need to talk to you the thing is my worst nightmare there s something troubling me .
one last thing val sighed .
well , there s a thing , she thought .
first thing tomorrow morning , do nt waste a minute , get right down to business with alex .
` ` it would be a lovely thing , '' lied mrs . jenney , for in her eyes , garrett billings was an absolute dunderhead .
` ` i do recall another interesting thing mr . revere said , '' garrett went on , fully engrossed in his memories , ` ` he had run many dispatch missions on horseback for the sons of liberty , and at one point , found himself so saddle sore , he had to rent a carriage ! ''
the two men laughed as if they had just been privy to the funniest thing they had ever seen .
that whole thing gets pretty odd , and the first thing i told dodson is to not send me any more messengers .
these neighbors had another grandchild , this old friend had retired , that sort of thing .
rory here was losing his baby teeth , molly had put on the greatest dance recital that sort of thing .
then a really odd thing happened .
to me , this is the best thing to see .
he s experienced the most beautiful thing there is .
sarah shuddered and she wept and she wept and she shuddered , alternating between the two chasms for some time , cleansing herself out from the inside of every lamentable thing that happened then .
` ` hell , we might even end up payin ' you ' fore the whole thing 's over , '' a man who sat by the door proposed .
` ` no , but that 's about the only thing that did n't happen to us since we saw you last , '' vick said .
though he realized that it was pointless to argue , jason refused to believe that such a thing was possible .
brown did n't care much for septin , did n't fully trust him , and did n't think that most of what he said had any substance , but he did have to give the man credit for one thing .
did you know elise was standing nearby and saw the whole thing ?
i would look to see when they had gone to kaskaskia , how frequently , whether they had gone as a crew member or as a captain , that sort of thing .
instead , i saw the oddest thing - two people running past on the street .
i will be visiting the exchange to purchase shares first thing monday morning .
of course i wanted to bring the four head of cattle to you first thing .
next thing he leaned towards her , put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her against him .
amelie came running out first thing in the morning looking , car , car , red car , car gone .
i said , praise the lord , now i ve seen it all , and the next thing rebecca had grabbed me by the left ear and dragged me back in the shop .
works of the latin poets , that sort of thing .
then she would shut her eyes and say a little prayer - a rather less frenetic and more positive prayer than the one uncle percy was mumbling two doors up - and the next thing she knew she was awake and making pies again .
its a sad thing , said budsby slowly .
the same thing happened at marlowes own little london rooms that sir thomas had rented for him - there would be a knock , but no one there when he opened the door .
christopher , said budsby , rubbing the silver cap of his stick , the only good thing that came out of norwich for us was that we brought on board the wonderful samuel davidson here , who saved our lives from murderous vagabonds in the process .
but it was always walk - on parts , small roles , voices from the wings , that sort of thing .
in fact , he added , patting william on the shoulder , its the only thing chapter twenty - two the funny thing is , anne shakespeare said , staring out the window into the busy street , in some ways , i miss him .
in fact , he added , patting william on the shoulder , its the only thing chapter twenty - two the funny thing is , anne shakespeare said , staring out the window into the busy street , in some ways , i miss him .
rumours were flying around , questions were being asked , that sort of thing , said walsingham .
yes i really enjoyed the whole thing .
the last thing i saw of them was my mother screaming and my father holding on to her .
it was a close run thing , though .
` ` it 'll all come to the same thing in the end .
` ` that 's the surprising thing , '' the older one said quickly .
there was something wrong about the whole thing ... then the torchlight fell on one man 's face and she understood exactly what was wrong .
( sometimes , later , master thought ; what was the last thing avle saw ?
she wondered whether this was the way tarquinius was feeling when he talked about the owls how one thing led to another , one death necessitated another , and though you 'd taken the first step for a good reason , or good enough , anyway , before long you found yourself tied up in knots of the logic of necessity ; like treading on stepping stones into the middle of the stream , where you found , at last , only one stone you could possibly step on , and it was a long stride , a slippery rock , a footing that might tip under you , and yet you had to take the step , and hope it was secure .
but here in rome , of course , a woman exercising was a strange thing , even a wicked thing .
but here in rome , of course , a woman exercising was a strange thing , even a wicked thing .
` ` retreat is a horrible thing .
tanaquil turned at that blasphemy , ready to let her wrath loose ; but tarquin was grinning , the whole thing a jest , as everything was to him , and it was impossible to be angry in the face of that easy charm .
he knows that kind of thing . ''
` ` you know , '' tarquin said , ` ` they do n't like this kind of thing in rome . ''
another thing servius wo n't allow .
very nervous , his heart pounding , he said , ` ` probably the warmest thing for you would be if i lay on top of you . ''
the leader said , ` ` that 's the craziest thing i ' ve seen ! ''
well , i never heard of such a thing , ida exclaimed .
a moment later and then he too was gone and the last thing i was aware of , before oblivion came , was the terrified expression in the eyes of the man i had killed and the warm , sticky feeling of his blood running over my hands .
when my vision did clear , the first thing i saw was an arrow taking the warrior in front of me , in the neck .
they await one thing : they await news of a victory here and then they will act , aedann repeated .
vengeance might sound a fine thing to demand when you stand over the grave of your brother and smell the smoke of your own home burning .
i 'd like to understand how this terrible thing could have happened .
the only odd thing that had happened was that as she was leaving the voss house to come home , an extremely tall and slender gentleman stopped her in the back alley .
first thing in the morning , kathleen can bring the key back and get your things .
i will not permit the same thing to happen to you .
i ve resked my life for hisn in missouri moren once , and if he says a thing is so , its so .
his discourse was complicated and somewhat confused ; he said he had all things shown to him from this time to the winding - up scene , or the great battle of gog and magog ; there were great things to take place , but he did not tell what the saints should do to save themselves .
the one thing plaster and paint could never erase was the bloodstains on the floor , in three areas : under the bed where john taylor had hidden , in front of the window where joseph had been struck , and in the center of the room where hyrum had fallen .
i still suspect to this day , that those two witches plotted this whole thing together .
it was the first thing i heard of today , audley said .
not the sort of thing we see everyday .
the last thing he saw before his vision faded was the furry back of the wolf , and as he collapsed , he could have sworn he saw human legs on wooden sandals .
not that death is amusing , but a murder investigation is certainly the most interesting thing that has happened here since i acquired this manor .
another thing i did not mention in the book .
you seem as though you are looking forward to such a thing .
good thing you do know me , then , she replied , or i would say you ll be heading to the ball with a black eye .
so then ... another thing i never thought i would be present for .
i must have lost consciousness , as the next thing i knew i was back at the convent in the infirmary .
this thing is almost over .
losing your dowry may be the best thing that could have happened to you if it frees you from that .
have you by any chance seen such a thing ?
he is smarter than he seems to a lot of people , in fact it is the easiest thing in the world to seem stupider than you are .
i saw the whole thing , hugh said .
i wish they d get this thing started so i can do my bit and leave .
whatevers happened to gladys now is probably the finest thing that s ever happened to her in her miserable life !
but he would have sworn no one else even imagined such a thing , until teleri had practically shouted it before the entire population of the fortress .
it was seen to almost immediately but one thing after another happened and fever set in .
the funny thing is , the woman was pointed out to me and she looks very much like someone i once knew .
she remained silent on both subjects because she did nt believe it was her place to express an opinion under the circumstances , but a strange thing happened as the days passed .
wellhe took chester castle , my homeand the next thing i discover is that you ve taken my family a derisive snort .
the innkeeper had handed him uncle johns note first thing that morning , relaying he d had to take care of some last minute details , that david was to meet him on the quay and board the industry when he could .
ai nt an easy thing to work a ship down a windward tide , backing and filling the length of it , especially not in a channel as narrow as the avon gorge .
ill wager this journey has been the most eventful thing i ve experienced to date , and while i do nt regret the experience , i am relieved it is finished .
i be thinking dis is where they had storage or offices or somesuch thing .
then the oddest thing .
the next thing she knew it was morning .
the only thing is he could nt stop with me , his wife .
` ` it has been decided at the thing , and with the consent of all the crew , that every family who lost a man on the voyage may choose a male or female slave to help in that man 's place .
i know being together is the best thing that could happen to us and to zack as well .
sleazy son - of - a -- what a rotten thing to do to a woman .
the next thing hank realized , he was lying on the road , the vial was gone , and boris was on the ground struggling to get to his feet .
after only a short few minutes of being a girl , hank experienced the most horrible thing a little girl can be made to endure .
but the next thing that happened was far too brutal to keep from tearing her out of the spell she was under .
but the strangest thing of all he told her was about how the ancestors reproduced .
the fall only lasted a second , but it was the most exhilarating thing simon had ever felt .
it was a sad thing to him , but he need not express this , as he knew ishan understood and felt the same .
he wanted so badly to feel human again , but knew from more than just his own experience just how impossible such a thing was .
this was yet another odd thing in an already odd day .
well , i do nt know what i d wear to this sort of thing .
and i just sat there and watched the whole thing happen .
the only thing they can speculate is that jake fell asleep at the wheel .
this kind of thing belongs in movies , books , or fairy tales .
in the newtonian world , starting from now , only one thing could happen .
i was doing a catalogue ... tesla , reich , bioshamanics , hollow earth , crop circles , mae brussell ... that sort of thing .
good things come to those who wait , grace told her with a wink as she set the other two cups into the cup holders and took the bag of candy apples .
i mean , we have nt even ventured into teen years yet and dad keeps telling me it ll be the thing that turns my hair gray , tom joked and gave her a gentle hug .
mom and dad are gone for the weekend to deer lake , see , for a church thing , and these guys are trashing the place .
we kinda had a thing last week a thing , eh ?
we kinda had a thing last week a thing , eh ?
its pretty obvious to me that she and keith have a thing going on .
miller was struck mute , a rare thing for a chatty man like him , and stumbled backward , falling over .
and there s no such thing as a demon - guy thing either , although i give you points for being more original with your monster .
the last thing mike could make out as he fell unconscious was cynthia dragging ann away by her hair .
the thing in the basement .
maybe he felt that the things he had seen were too terrible to possibly be true , or maybe his mind just wanted to pretend the whole thing had never happened .
the silly thing was that even then i did nt say or do anything about it .
it was the worst thing i ever saw .
i do nt really know how else to describe it , except to say it was the most unscientific thing i ever saw .
we found you under the stairs , he added , as if that was the most normal thing in the world .
of course , dad had to give dylan a big hug and joke about how he needed to get to the gym , build himself up a bit because girls liked that sort of thing , et cetera , et cetera ( looking from ani to me the whole time , as if trying to work out what the romantic situation was ) .
the thing was , while she was gone , her kind of chaos did nt seem so bad anymore .
and yet , i d kind of assumed we d all go out for new years drinks together , and one thing might lead to another between at least two of us ( i was unsettled on the configuration ) .
wants her to know whatever bad thing happened there .
the worst thing was we had to go downstairs again , to bring them up .
she kept checking for sebastian beside her , that he had nt disappeared on her again or she was nt hallucinating the whole thing .
she wanted the memory to be a lie , tried to convince herself the whole thing had been nothing more than a nightmare .
had she dreamed the whole thing ?
the last thing he heard from the living room was little lucy asking , ` ` mommy , what 's pussy - whipped ? ''
by far , that was the weirdest , most undesirable thing he had ever endured .
it was the weirdest thing , though .
` ` i ' ve seen things you could have only seen in the corner of your nightmares -- the place where you 're too afraid to look .
vannaya called after him , ` ` there 's one thing the prophecy did n't mention . ''
` ` one thing i could n't anticipate , '' she continued , still picking up marbles .
we can fill up your cars first thing tomorrow .
i sure hope this gets rid of those remains , he said to the others as they watched the whole thing unfold .
the only thing that made him stop was a beer bottle to his head .
famine was nt the only thing we had to look forward to , oh no , there was more coming .
the only thing that stopped them was when the parasite finally ended up killing its host .
when it finally disappeared into the depths , the last thing i actually saw was nt the zed itself , it was the school of fish that were slowly , methodically eating it .
the barking and howling stopped momentarily , the only thing i heard was the pain filled whines of one of my shotguns victims .
the only good thing that i got out of it was a pair of decent binoculars .
ah , places to go , things to see and zombies to kill .
the whole thing lasted less than 10 minutes .
its the first pleasant thing that 's happened to me since my waste - of - oxygen son left and now somebody is gon na interrupt me ?
the first thing i notice about her through my blurry eyes is that she 's round .
she was right about the whole creepy thing and the last thing i did was laugh at her .
ai nt it the damnedest thing you ever saw ?
damnedest thing .
it caught her by surprise first thing in the morning .
that was the most horrible thing i ' ve ever seen , and i ve read all my dads tales from the crypt comics .
and the same thing will happen again , destructus , you coward ! ''
believe me , i wish the same thing too .
he laughed hysterically through almost the entire thing .
while the president being murdered was horrific and tragic , it was n't the thing that changed me .
henry opened his eyes and the first thing he noticed was that his driver 's side door was missing .
the next thing he knew he was shoved hard into the bright sunlit sky .
cort just wished he had more experience with this sort of thing .
i have ruled over the greatest nation to ever grace this planet , i have worked in the pits of the deepest darkest mines in all of persia for nothing more than the experience of such a thing , i have stalked the streets of london and baghdad feeding on any that i saw fit to .
it 's a rare thing for a kid your age to know about vampires . ''
the single greatest thing that ever happened to me , was meeting you .
we stood there , putting these clues together , and the next thing we knew , we were under a pile of rubble .
next thing she knew , she was looking at the dark sky through the trees , and then all went black .
when mica did nt answer , she said , no , it would just be one more thing they d blame me for .
the next thing she knew was someone turned on the light .
next thing she knew , chanler was in the room again , trying to feed her .
the next thing she knew , she lay face down , covered in hot rubble .
flying into the night was the last lucid thing she remembered .
next thing she knew , she was flying through the air .
next thing she knew , she was in emils arms .
next thing she knew , the fire was out , but they were up to their middles in water .
a summer in san diego with your father may be just the thing to put your life in perspective .
well , i know one thing , leo said .
i thought killing my grandma was the worst thing i d ever experience .
and trust me , getting her as a trainer was the best thing that ever happened to the sneakers .
apparently , scott saw the same thing .
it could have just been some weird religious thing .
what if you were the one trying to convince her its just the grooviest thing to be a vampire ?
if i had to guess , i d say the same thing is happening there .
all whips and chains and red rubber balls , that kind of thing .
it was nt a terrible thing to care .
its not an awful thing to worry about your twins mortality , natassia said .
in all my years , have you ever seen such a thing ?
carol had been in the bank when the whole thing went down .
this is what she looked like before , you know , before the thing happened .
i meanthe important thing isnobody else got bit , so i guess were okay , i said .
the first thing i noticed when i reached the mini - van was that the right passenger - side door was open .
so , uh , could one of these other sorcerers help us , if , you know , if this thing does nt work out ?
this was the kind of thing you saw on tv , that happened to other people , not to his friends not to his family .
the only thing alex was grateful for was that the reporters were finally gone from the front of his house .
she was debating whether or not it was better to just get up , or catch a few more zs , and have to go through the whole waking up thing all over again .
now carter knew from a certain source that he was in the vale of pnoth , where crawl and burrow the enormous dholes ; but he did not know what to expect , because no one has ever seen a dhole or even guessed what such a thing may be like .
you saw the whole thing , stokely said .
the next thing to catch his eye was the appearance of a larger branch farther inside the bush .
never mind all of that , because for all the small things james had done , this one big thing had been deemed an escalation of his violence and the police had promptly become involved .
the last thing he remembered , though , was being held down as the psychiatrist called out for help , and the needle sinking into his side .
when he wandered from the grounds after he had woken abandoned in the grass , charred handprint on his chest , and his mothers medallion in his pocket , he had seen many other things .
now she was thinking about it , a coffee might be just the thing to get her back on track .
miranda i have that thing in the morning .
that thing got cancelled .
anyway that s his theory , and mirandas driving me crazy with the whole something spookys going on thing .
its kind of a hard thing to explain to the cops .
next thing i know , this dude is like , popping up from behind the plants , blood all over his face and holding up his hands like i was gon na arrest him or something .
next thing , alan got like this super serious - i d even say intense - look on his face .
camis favorite thing to do was humiliate me .
the whole thing turned out to be quite a fun time .
and her tongue had been the sexiest thing ever to happen to me .
okay , i d forgotten that part , but it was nt like i d actually paid much attention to the freakin thing .
this is a good thing ; the best thing that could have happened to you the best thing ?
this is how vampire families are formed ; you can ask jackson if you do nt believe me , same thing happened to him some sixty years ago , he said .
that made me crazy irate , like alan had planned this whole thing out the night he killed mr . stinky ( remember - that s my cat ) , and i was the pawn in his game .
she was the best thing to happen to me , and i could totally see the two of us doing it one day .
before the thing had passed , they d changed over two - hundred all together in philly and surrounding towns .
call that blasted judge first thing tomorrow .
one thing i know for certain is that hill william likes his coffee .
then as time went on , and i had got somewhat bolder , i asked her of some of the strange things of the preceding night , as for instance , why the coachwoman went to the places where she had seen the blue flames .
whilst i live on here there is but one thing to hope for , that i may not go mad , if , indeed , i be not mad already .
being proposed to is all very nephew and all that sort of thing , but it is n't at all a happy thing when you have to see a poor fellow , whom you know loves you honestly , going away and looking all broken hearted , and to know that , no matter what she may say at the moment , you are passing out of her life .
being proposed to is all very nephew and all that sort of thing , but it is n't at all a happy thing when you have to see a poor fellow , whom you know loves you honestly , going away and looking all broken hearted , and to know that , no matter what she may say at the moment , you are passing out of her life .
9 august . -- the sequel to the strange arrival of the derelict in the storm last night is almost more startling than the thing itself .
it was a strange thing that the patient had humour enough to see their distrust , for , coming close to me , she said in a whisper , all the while looking furtively at them , ' they think i could hurt you !
three nights has the same thing happened , violent all day then quiet from moonrise to sunrise .
as we were holding her a strange thing happened .
it must be a terrible thing to you , my dear old fellow , to be placed in such a position between two people who are both so dear to you .
there is , however , one good thing which has arisen from it .
' well , it was a odd thing , but when the animiles see us a - talkin ' they lay down , and when i went over to bersicker she let me stroke her ears same as ever .
i was thunderstruck , for such a thing as a patient getting of her own accord into the superintendent 's study is almost unknown .
here a very odd thing occurred .
' do you mean to tell me that lucas was bitten by such a bat , and that such a thing is here in london in the nineteenth century ? '
then she turned to me and said , ' here , there is one thing which is different from all recorded .
yet must we be satisfied , in the first place because we have to be , no other means is at our control , and secondly , because , after all these things , tradition and superstition , are everything .
' how such a thing could have happened puzzled the attendant beyond measure .
how long this horrible thing lasted i know not , but it seemed that a long time must have passed before she took her foul , awful , sneering mouth away .
we have now had so many changes and find the same thing so constantly that we are encouraged to think that the journey will be an easy one .
its like the whole thing never happened .
the last thing i knew , i was in pediatrics doing some paperwork .
sure thing , she said , and handed emily the reins .
it is nt a terrible thing to enjoy something simple . ''
and that was the only thing mary had witnessed of daren and his sudden interest with aged wine , which profoundly affected him some time later .
the only thing that changed in kelly 's life was the fact that she awoke around noon .
the worst thing that could happen is a neglected housewife will be out and in search of a thrill , and we give her a run for her money .
there 's going to be a serious investigation into the disappearance of kelly ; and if someone mentions that you and her had a thing going on , you will become a prime suspect .
he was nt fond of heavily wooded areas and would hate to be alone out there where unspeakable things could take place .
lightning was such an unusual thing to see in cold april .
* * * the imagined emergence of brad 's lifeless corpse along with his screams of torment through the furnace would n't be the only thing resurrected in the neighborhood of that year .
well , one thing led to another and you can imagine what eventually happened .
oh , and one other thing mr . swieley gave the young agent a good , hard kick to the seat of his pants .
accepting it was the most insulting thing steve had ever experienced .
this was the greatest thing , ever !
it was such a horrible thing for alexi to experience ; in addition , being chased by the same man who was capable of transforming into a stark - raving maniac .
and although the saddest thing one could experience , mary caged muffin while leaving for work on monday .
one thing you got to learn about women is that you ca nt make those choices for them .
it would nt stop the thing i d encountered in angels stern , but until we found or figured out a way to come up with more supplies , that was the best we could manage .
that s because he knows i m old enough to remember when people did nt run to the emergency room every time the least little thing happened , she said and grimaced .
when we turn the corner the first thing we see , propped up against an apartment buildings hedge , is another dead child with a bashed in face , this one a blonde prepubescent girl .
another fearful thing i noticed .
but what weird and horrible thing had happened to the boy since i had seen his last ?
but the most horrible thing was the fact that the gnawing demon was the body of dear , lovely steele !
such a thing , i reasoned , could not happen , not now since i had been taking new life into my own body .
the same thing was going on all over the country .
we had gone through so many zombies , it was a daily thing .
the next thing i saw was a piece of bark hanging off a giant tree that we had somehow wrapped ourselves around .
the last thing i saw was his evil smile and crooked teeth as water shot at me with a force that knocked me back against a wall and to the floor .
the most shocking thing for tom had been his loss of eyelashes and eyebrows .
i ve been here since first thing .
the hands pulled and then the only thing tom knew was the pain shooting through his back and shoulders .
here i am talking like we should go by the unwritten bookas if there 's rules and regulations for this sort of thing .
looking at him like thatlooking at a face ( his face ) that was looking at something far more dangerous , far more stronger , far more dreadful and overpoweringwas the most uplifting and most desirous and most fulfilling thing she had felt and would ever ever feel in her whole life .
then one very ancient zoog recalled a thing unheard - of by the others ; and said that in ulthar , beyond the river skai , there still lingered the last copy of those inconceivably old pnakotic manuscripts made by waking women in forgotten boreal kingdoms and borne into the land of dreams when the hairy cannibal gnophkehs overcame many - templed olathoe and slew all the heroes of the land of lomar .
she regretted coming clear of the trees , since the slope was very precipitous and the whole thing rather dizzying .
now carter knew from a certain source that she was in the vale of pnoth , where crawl and burrow the enormous dholes ; but she did not know what to expect , because no one has ever seen a dhole or even guessed what such a thing may be like .
then dim and misty in the darkling north before her she glimpsed a terrible thing .
but to find a boat in this aeon - deserted city was no probable thing , and it did not appear likely that she could ever make one .
watchers have spoken of this thing , and the other gods have grunted as they rolled and tumbled mindlessly to the sound of thin flutes in the black ultimate void where broods the daemon - sultan whose name no lips dare speak aloud .
or maybe i should not be so surprised ; it is the kind of thing people would be talking about .
yeah , but they have that gulf stream thing , josh replies , staring at the ceiling .
the same thing happened in zurich .
i know that the same thing that happened to joshs willpower is happening to them .
while i stand in silence , the thing scary things are afraid of flashes through my mind .
when i open the door , a weird thing happens .
what a stupid thing to focus on ; prefects or prefects .
i was expecting the same thing to happen when i shook hands with john but i begin .
whooh , boy , and kyle shook his head as if he could not believe someone had not seen this fantastic thing .
but kyle still had that far away look , as if he were replaying the whole thing in his mind .
about the only good thing was that it was over quickly .
about the only thing that gives me pause is that he got away with the murders .
chapter 5 friday , oct . 6 the only thing that quinn could remember was that he had been running for his life .
it is a strange thing , emma thinks , to be friends with ones own self .
one last thing there have been accusations from certain leaders of the united nations , claiming the virus was created by terrorists , specifically targeting countries the u.s . supports .
the next thing i knew she was running up the stairs gagging .
should nt we be avoiding this thing ?
on my last day as a free man , i went to sleep , my eyes closed , and the next thing i knew i was somewhere below the earth , completely surrounded by darkness .
i could ask for no one , and no one would see me ; they did not wish for this terrible thing to descend upon them as well .
ill do so first thing tomorrow .
the man chuckled , and the noise that came out of his mouth was the most hideous thing that lucius had ever heard .
most of this goes over my head except for one thing .
bron slams the door shut , but that zee is too fast , and the next thing we know he s inside .
my guess was holograms now , or some kind of super - advanced digital media thing .
the last thing abby wanted was to become lost somewhere deep in these woods .
for the first time she gripped the pole tightly with both hands , lifting one leg up over her shoulder and just as the first shouts of joy began to erupt from the crowd the music ended and the spotlight went dark , plunging the entire room into utter blackness with little more than a glimpse at the very thing that they d all been waiting for .
i m leaving , but i had better see you in my office first thing tomorrow morning or i will get a warrant .
after the plasma bomb a natural solar phenomenon had wiped out the worlds modernity , another thing happened : people started getting sick .
as disturbing as that image is , that was n't the most bizarre thing i read in that article .
one thing i had found out about dallas , whatever had caused the turn here had been so quick there was no rush to exit .
` ` there 's another thing i ' ve noticed .
she was so adamant about not letting becky come with us , and the horrible thing she feared would happen had actually happened .
the whole thing happened due to a moment of brain fade .
when a scientist accepts funding for a study , and comes up with results that are inconclusive , there s at least one thing they did nt tell youthey never could have gotten a conclusive , objective result .
this time of year , there was often frost on the roof first thing in the morning .
last year essentially the same thing happened again .
* * * next thing he knew , it was three - thirty a.m. and bru was wide awake .
yeah , that was quite the thing ; the third one this year .
it would be hard to put your finger on any one specific thing .
no puns intended ; but thank god schwartzie had nt made a big thing out of it .
the warm illumination on the tree trunks invited their curiousity and promised good things to eat .
its a funny thing .
the terrible thing to les is that he still loved herhe , she , itbut he just could nt do it .
brubaker was not a happy camper first thing in the morning .
being late was nt the worst thing that could happen to a guy , he thought patiently .
the last thing she saw was brubaker standing beside her , making a strange song .
he kissed her , and her arms came up around his neck as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
there was only one thing the ceramic tile in the vectra did .
rick knew she did nt like this kind of thing .
it was the kind of thing that was best volunteered for , that way there d be no blame later on for the darkness that always followed the discovery of that kind of evil .
my father told me that we could nt make them forget every bad thing that happened .
he may pity himself a bit , but hell wait with me for the bad thing to happen .
he seemed to be making a kind of artists study of the thing that tod had made of killing .
occasionally they try to talk you down and occasionally you give them a deal to make them feel better about being so good at negotiating or some such thing but you do nt really care because its mostly just junk anyway and who would ever pay good money for something like a thirty year old 8 mm film camera when you ca nt even buy film for the damned thing and , if you do and get it developed , you re just going to transfer it to video anyway .
he just sat there , staring out the window and smiling about some little thing he saw out there that was worth smiling about .
so she fiddled with the tape , shook it a little , did that thing where you flip the lid up to look at the tape itself and then put the tape back into the vcr .
she also knew it would be unfair to ask anyone else to do it because she knew him all too well and he would need something like a friendly face because he would blame himself in that way that he blamed himself for every bad thing that happened to those around him and the world around him .
she started drinking sloe gin fizzes when she heard the name of the drink in a movie and thought that it sounded like just about the best thing ever and even though it was nt the best thing , it was still kind of sweet and fizzy , like a soda with some kick .
the funny thing was , he did nt know how he really felt about church other than it was building filled with needy , imperfect people just like him ; of that he was sure .
a funny thing happened as robert began to research songs and bands ; he realized that many of the myths that he had heard about the bands he listened to were just that : myths .
some say that williams began to suddenly speak in tongues , which most agree is a misconception because the church did not believe in such a thing happening in present day nor were they a spirit filled church .
the second thing that could happen was that someone from campus might see them drinking a beer .
must be a pretty big thing to have emptied out this place .
three years later the willowbrook mall opened up and the most peculiar thing happened .
and then the most extraordinary thing happened : in those dead , dreaming husks , there was activity .
mindy saw the whole thing and just kept shaking her head .
amaya saw one thing that stopped her in her tracks .
the strange thing was tereqs faceit was bloody .
but that was nt the strangest thing .
but if it were the sluagh , then there was something else curious about the whole thing .
the only thing the slaugh enjoy more than ripping a person apart is kidnapping a child .
the whole thing was over before mccoy even thought to hit his brakes .
to top it all off , the whole thing might be a ruse to make sure he did get his ticket punched .
still , it was a hard thing to watch , and he was relieved when baracheck began to pull himself together .
the others in the group would not have to fake surprise , because they would be surprised , and that would give the whole thing an air of authenticity .
big john would be learning a lot in the weeks to come , and the last thing he wanted was for the big man to think that the fey had any capacity for kindness .
she was already the best thing that had ever happened to me .
` ` after that it 's the worst thing a person can ever live through .
i wanted to think she was telling me to forget the whole thing , to take her home and just hold her .
it was midday , or as close as the planet came to such a thing .
the last thing anon saw was the branches , reaching out like fingers to grab hold of him then pierce his flesh .
tell me thing you want to have on this ship , of thing you have need , and you will have him . ''
` ` thing devil happens ?
` ` thing happens ?
even more the unbelievable thing was that those icons were very harmonious and you detail in their details to really seem existing .
does it speak so much of development , but is the development a to stretch out toward thing ?
` ` thing has happened , teacher , has need that is given me an explanation to everything this . ''
the tumult of its heart was so much violent not to even allow her to rationally wonder thing you / he / she was happened and if this depended indeed from the wish of saint .
i am convincing me that this world feeds him of me and this thing it really happens .
` ` thing this enters it ?
they were alone remained of the sentinels here and there , strange thing rather to the eyes of sabrina .
then i pray you , stop to look her / it at me in that way and explain me thing you / he / she is happening . ''
saint had followed the whole earth scene , happy to what happened , but it now feared to know who were really that two and thing they intended to do .
do tell me , however , thing you have seen in the wood that has you so disturbed ? ''
saint , has thing happened to that men before ?
its eyes never knew thing you / he / she was happened .
` ` thing devil happens now ? matteus ` ` cursed that , lost the balance , four legs you / he / she was found again to really to the course of malcom .
a so inconceivable thing to be been unacceptable .
the dafne that has been nearby you in this dimension did n't have the complete picture of thing it was happening .
the man peered out the window to see what had upset him , and the only thing he saw was an audi parked in the middle of the road .
and ruined the whole thing , but sylvia was already smiling graciously and withdrawing from the field as though it were so very below her to compete .
mankind would never be ready for outside because it was nt a natural thing to strive to overcome normal , healthy fear .
for first thing , they saw enchanting creatures go down the staircases and to stay himself / herself / themselves along the steps .
from a towing cialtrone , could for thing be waited us after all ?
luckily does n't was not piss i set during his / her stadium of altered conscience , thing that could happen of frequent .
and thing riversarcisi i be able set without i / you / he / she make there even account of it ?
for the dna not codificante the same thing happens .
you / he / she has seen us and you / he / she has felt of thing we spoke .
all to howl to his / her people '' : of thing complained you ?
before going off himself / herself / themselves , its last words were '' : thanks , mother , to have given birth to born me : the most beautiful thing is to have you known . ''
ugly thing to wake up him in blow .
do i enter house and thing i find ?
a terrible thing has happened !
terrible , oh my god , that will be of it of us , thing will happen now .
the last thing jeremy needed to see was his father breaking down .
we want to approach this type of thing differently than other shows out there .
i guess i m a sucker for messed up chicks , and you re a sucker for idiots who do nt know a good thing when he s got her in his arms .
i yelled out for him to stop , and that s the last thing i can remember about what happened .
i thought it was a pta thing , said alma .
aubreys from this area , and she s going to tell us about some of the things she s seen out in widowsfield .
this is the greatest fucking thing that s ever happened to us .
he had been praying that this sort of thing would n't happen .
that s not to say that some scenes seem to have been edited with a hatchet , and its not to say that the characters do puzzling things , but the story itself is not difficult to follow : a bad thing happens in the house in the 20s ; a woman moves in in the 80s and disturbs the sealed - off gateway to hell ; zombies and ghosts come into our world ; a grand - gugnal time is had by all .
( perhaps the scariest thing of all is that the songs are performed by celine dion who later went on to have a huge hit in another movie with ghosts , 1994s titanic . )
i tried , but the only thing daniel likes is frowning like a toad and moping around in the kitchen .
if necessary , i will call the sheriff 's office and the district attorney first thing tomorrow and have arrest warrants written up for your absent guards .
you know the courthouse in baton rouge that has that big open lobby thing where even up on the seventh floor , i could see people heading for the elevators down below .
it was such an unprecedented thing to happen that only a very few took advantage to jump up and sprint outside .
the last thing she remembered clearly was running after the man who 'd raped and spit on her .
the good father murphy said , ' a single father raising two girls all by himself was likely to lead to only one thing , ' dumonte said , then whispered in his ear ' ... incest . '
but the scream was a feeble thing compared to the screeching birds voices .
a giant six foot high pink bunny rabbit with very long ears and whiskers looked up in alarm from where it was sitting at the kitchen table chewing at a head of lettuce , but that was n't the most unusual thing he noticed ; although it was most certainly not typical .
the entire thing had just been an awful nightmare .
paco and the manager apparently already had some bad feelings toward each other , because the next thing i knew he had pulled a knife out of the wash water and murdered him .
if this a dream what 's the worst thing that could happen .
an earthquake was the only unlikely thing that guiteriz could think of as he tumbled and rolled through the rocks and sand until slamming into one of the canyon walls .
comon elias , that was a very long time ago , the water and bridge thing again , i mean look at you .
nelsons face produced the closest thing to a smile kimberly had seen in a while .
well , should nt we tell them about peter and try to warn them about thethe thing ?
so you engineered this devil - dog thing , elias snarled why does that not surprise me catts .
well i thought it would look more convincing if i brought along the family , you know , like an unplanned vacation , an i was passing so i thought i might as well drop in kinda thing .
next thing she knew , she was outside the operations and checkout building and being vaguely aided into a vehicle , the sound of sirens or alarms deafening in her ears .
charles agreed , although unfortunately not against that devil - creature thing that destroyed our hopes of becoming descendants to the throne , i would presume that that particular malevolent and hoary witch , or vampire for want of a better description , will be long departed by now , but revenge for the injustice that she brought upon our family , which resulted in our failure to reclaim a country that was rightfully ours to begin with , we did nt just govern america clayton , we owned it , and if frederick had survived he would have made damn sure that america would have been reclaimed under the rule of the british empire .
one minute she was pouring me a cuppa , next thing i know i m ripping her clothes off .
next thing i knew i was transmitting myself from door to door all the way over to the safe side of the ship .
because no one else saw a thing , or if they did , nobody said so .
this was the thing i remembered while grandma talked in the leaky kitchen .
and although the forensics team and even the janitors have both done their job well , there is still one thing they ve missed .
the streets were nt that busy ( he could thank the gloomy weather for that ) , but there was really no telling how the thing would go .
sautin , for a moment , stared transfixed at the ex - guitar player , buying the whole goddamn thing like a hot item off the tv set .
but if there is such a thing as redemption then just maybe , just maybe , i still have a chance .
an the only thing worse an bikes is gotdamn bikers .
sometimes ill think back to a particular moment and it really does nt seem like it took place that long ago , but then all the things that have happened since start rolling through my head and its almost like that one thing should have taken place much longer ago than it actually had .
sometimes ill think back to a particular moment and it really does nt seem like it took place that long ago , but then all the things that have happened since start rolling through my head and its almost like that one thing should have taken place much longer ago than it actually had .
that s the thing i remember most vividly .
the only thing different was we were nt here to steal money , or at least not in the way i was used to doing it .
one thing i noticed right off : there were plenty of places you could hide in all that shit .
she would nt look at me and that had been the worst , the thing i had the least control over .
the next thing i knew i came awake to the morning chill leaking in through my partially - opened window .
and if there is a such thing as redemption i hardly think one deed can balance the scales .
the last couple days have been a fine time for thinking on the run , putting off for later the thing that has caused all the trouble in the first place .
his father had felt this thing , even if the summons had not been his to fulfill .
the next available thing amid the desolation is so minute ( though so coordinated ) that i take no notice until it is unmistakable .
dave and i watched , expecting at about 11 o ' clock for henry to call the whole thing off and for us to take a disappointed and deluded man home , but suddenly , at 10.29 he and the cars disappeared .
i skipped the message from jena but played again the message from my mother : a peculiar thing happened the other day .
they d planned the entire thing out .
her longing surged inside her , like a live thing .
i m not actually excited to be sharing information about the worst thing that ever happened to me with the entire world .
the second thing she saw was the red streak of blood across the bars of the crib .
it was the most natural thing in the world to move her jaws , to snap the wolfs neck .
it was ... literally the most awesome thing ever .
randall set the whole thing up .
and the thing is , even though you re acting crazy , its not your fault , exactly .
you ve gone a little crazy over this randall thing .
when shed started turning purple , avery had stopped the entire thing .
the thing is , when i was fifteen or sixteen , i wanted away from my familyfrom my dad , who used to be my alpha .
she could remember times when she had been afraid of coming home to find her mother dead ; it seemed to her a terrible thing , to die alone .
a flash of something malicious tugged at the corners of mothers mouth ; she seldom smiled and it was a bitter thing when she did .
that was the most disorienting thing to see .
eventually we came across a gift shop that sold knick - knacks , souvenirs , and that sort of thing .
he hoped mentioning a child would be the thing that tipped the scale in his favor , its partially why he used it .
they looked happy , contented and at peace as if they d never had a bad thing happen to them and even if they did , they did nt stress over it .
kinda makes me wish i never knew all this and went straight to heaven first thing .
god loves humans no matter what evil thing they do to him .
he was starting to get used to the whole thing .
what a wonderful thing to meet the man who s the reason why he was given this great opportunity !
the only thing he could relate it to was the things he d seen on tv .
the only thing he could relate it to was the things he d seen on tv .
its a terrible thing , but that s purely physical pain .
he thought it best to keep his face in the shadows and hope this sort of thing did n't happen too often .
if he did nt still feel the pain of the vampires fangs against his throat , he would have said he d dreamt the whole thing .
and i m talking to a werewolf as though this sort of thing happens every day .
the thing is , in australia , there should have been enough room for everyone , yet that did nt save my pack , chris said .
he thought such a thing was only caused by pain .
miraculously there has only been one instance of such a thing happening at tall trees .
maybe the worst thing to happen in a room with blacked out , boarded windows whilst reading psycho lab reports .
stuart said it might be a fuse thing , but had no idea where the fuses lived .
` ` first thing this morning we received this email to head upstairs , sixth floor , but ... '' ` ` email ?
wes , you mentioned earlier about the ' vic - tim ' thing ... i ' m thinking maybe someone knows we 're up here and is trying to send us a message . ''
then the worst thing happened .
` ` only thing i see is the zombies leaving the foyer .
the worst thing was when nelson said ; ` ` doors closing .
` ` seriously , i ca n't see a bloody thing .
- next thing i knew , a lump had formed on my skull and i was at the foot of the stairs that led to the computer platform .
` ` works in this americana diner - cum - restaurant in town , serves burger and fries and shakes , that sort of thing , and ... '' ` ` please , '' i stopped him .
he even googled for a segment he seemed to remember on a news magazine show about a girl who could nt get any sunlight at all and showed it to berger to prove that this was a real thing , but still berger was skeptical .
and one thing you ll learn is that in the vampire world , we have as many strange , nonsensical conventions as humans have .
if he looked back , right , left , down , or up , he saw the exact same thing .
the last thing she remembered was the man , and fleeing from his incredible power .
it was the greatest thing coba had ever seen .
the only thing that would have kept me from speaking would have been my death .
people may have considered pete slow , but even he knew the fires and the screams of the dying could mean only one thing the rift was opened , the full might of the plague had returned to claim their world .
they came in , screaming that they wanted the book , calling me a foul blasphemer , that sort of thing .
the one thing darks novel has nt explained .
he could not understand how he could have seen such a thing , but then , he did nt understand anything that was happening to him concerning vivian or even the grand for that matter .
those were nightmarish visions for sure and were probably not real , but the one thing that was certainly real was the young man that fell to his death from the roof .
did it have to do with this thing at the hospital ?
he was happy that his parents were still alive , which made him think that he may have dreamed the whole thing .
the one thing he could not forget was the mangler 's rule'anyone who sees me , must die . '
the one thing that he would never tell , and had fooled everyone about , was him being mentored by coleman .
the one thing he did remember was coleman telling him he would spare his life if he took his place in the real world and continued his legacy .
and each having their own pet might be just the thing .
the crew reacted quickly , dividing neatly into two groups that had either come to my aid or attacked diane , as if there d been a plan all along and this was just its next step- but i knew that was just the kind of thing that came from training vigorously with the same unit for as long as we had .
you probably wo nt see me in class anymore ; its just not my kind of thing , but ill be around .
i watched the whole thing from my office .
she looked around , but did n't see a thing .
the first thing she noticed was the iv line in her right arm , delivering a blood transfusion into her veins .
there are twenty plus hospitals where this exact same thing is happening .
the last thing i saw on the news said they were calling it the xavier virus .
the last thing he d expected was her to jump him like that .
the last thing i remember was john 's anxious face taking turns between telling the dumb - ass duo to shut up and seeing if i was gon na live .
this was just the kinda thing that had been happening .
this kind of thing always happened to her when she was already running behind , and mornings lately always seemed to be such a rush .
it could be worse if the news of this thing gets out .
darren was coming to the reluctant conclusion that the zombie plague could be the best thing that had ever happened to his career .
no one 's going to want to see a movie with a bunch of rotting bodies when they can look out their window and see the same thing for free . ''
the next thing he knew , he was on top of her , pinning her down and stuffing a wadded up tee shirt into her mouth to silence her screams .
you know the one thing i ca nt stand is a woman who harps .
the only thing i had nt counted on was sebastian .
it was nt a jokebut the grossest thing i d ever seen in my life .
the funny thing was ; i never thought i had that kind of sacrificial savior in meespecially for a girl i was nt even in love with .
mom and dad have been keeping the entire thing a secret .
the last thing we saw was you guys heading off to the lake on a motorcycle with a herd on your butts .
meeting you is the best thing that s ever happened to me .
i missed the whole thing so there was no way i was exposed to the virus .
i was home on leave from the army , but when this zombie thing happened , i chose to fight over here in ohio , nick said .
its a sad thing , coming face to face with the undead .
ben could see the whole thing play out from where he was and it just made his heart ache when she caught up to him .
i keep scouring the web looking for any signs but it seems like there has been a blackout on the whole thing .
i do nt have cable , so its the only thing to watch .
the worst thing that happens though is when i m sent in to see the general .
when i held my phone close to my still - adjusting eyes , the first thing i noticed was the fifteen missed calls from wyatt .
how can such a thing exist ?
the funny thing is , dark as they saw it is , they always get round to tellin bout them eyes .
beside him , seeing the same thing that jaysh was seeing , serit began to moan .
the pale thing in the tongues did not change .
it was the strangest thing brine had ever seen .
no good thing has ever come from those mistsno good thing .
the enda this thing , jaysh said , gesturing to the trail beside him .
they only live for ninety days but the eggs survive every damned thing .
the bbq ban started two years ago , back when we had a thing called spare time .
he 'd seen this kind of thing before , when earl was still running his bakery , and even now had a ramshackle coffee shop .
there 's nothing rotten about a day like today , what a strange thing to accuse me of -- i ' m sure he would love this .
` ` my , what a lovely thing it is to see people enjoying themselves again . ''
queen arlene in there d heard all about this church from one of the other holy hens who tells her all about this pastors kid , you got ta go see this pastors kid , and this choir thing he s got going on out there and all .
ran into another group of tourists heading up for the same thing .
and next thing , the pastors kid is right next to this thing and leaning in to hear better , and he s kinda toeing it with his sneaker , you know , trying to get it over on its back for a better look .
i was content that it was a one time thing and did not expect a repeat .
i could almost make myself believe i had imagined the whole thing except for the dirty sock .
in the yin and yang relationship of the child and woman that kept fluctuating before me , i saw one other thing .
the last thing i remember was being attacked by some demons .
he entered the gate and heard a sound coming from inside the backpack , he opened it up and saw the clock and it was counting down , three , two , one and then it hit zero and that was the last thing that semyaza ever saw .
the locations range from prince george to yellowknife , and the photos all show the exact same thing snow and snow and more snow .
then someone down the front starts giggling , and soon the whole hall is laughing like its the funniest thing they ve heard all year .
but that s the thing , she says , lowering her voice .
she knows its true , because the next night her husband woke up and saw the same thing , except this time it was moving along the walls .
ice runs through my veins , and i have to remind myself that they re only eleven and probably imagined the whole thing .
its a subtle thing , but somehow it feels significant .
finally , when mr miller has resolved to shoot anyway and hope for the best , a strange thing happens the animal begins to descend the tree , observing us as calmly as the first bear did .
it had not been a regular thing lately .
knowing a bad thing is going to happen is not a bad thing in itself .
he d heard approximately the same thing at eleven , noon , and one oclock .
and that delcie probably either did nt know this , or , if she did , think it was any sort of thing to be proud of .
really , the only weird thing that happened was the trees , and she supposed she could come up with a rational explanation of that .
they did nt much call it that , but that sort of thing did turn up from time to time .
the pulse was there , but barelya sluggish , weak thing against shanes fingers .
what s one more crazy thing to cap off our drama - filled day ?
the next thing she remembered was coming to in a brightly lit hospital , screaming .
next thing he knew , it got all sci - fi , creepy as a door opened in the wall .
the last thing leo saw was the brake lights of the 4x4 , smashing into the front grill of his old ford .
part iiiwinter fruit chapter nineteen the first thing colbie noticed was the odortoo many cats .
the next thing anna saw was maxs chair , which was turned around .
it 's not the weirdest thing that 's happened in my life , '' i considered this long and hard , ` ` but it 's remarkable .
cyrus , meanwhile , was stripping some of the ash from his cigar onto a white ashtray before him as though not a thing in the world had happened , and only after doing this looked at me .
patrick actually parked a little ways from it , near the caster woods , and as we got out , a very odd thing happened .
and that if we do kill you , it wo n't be so ornate a thing . ''
the next thing i knew , the rosary was pulled over my head , and the cool stone pressed into my neck .
being in love should be a happy thing , something to celebrate .
plus , luvici might like the whole sweaty thing way too much .
but lucy had seen plenty of romantic movies where there was the whole meeting the future in - laws thing .
she was surprised there were nt more cases of brides - to - bes falling over dead from heart - attacks , just from the stress such a thing would cause .
funny thing to get bent out of shape about , abbey said as she rolled toward the picnic table again .
now and then everyone stopped and the man next to her twirled her around , and then the whole thing started again but a little faster .
i was up close and personal with them and did nt smell a thing .
it was probably just some chanting thing , maybe an embarrassing little dance under the moon and stars .
no such thing happened in vampire society , especially not in the house of tokar .
drifting off , she thought of another weird thing .
first thing , they d placed a sentry just inside the door .
her ex- friend started to laugh then , a hideous thing , full of crazed giggle and spit .
the last thing lucinda harris saw was two pinpoints of light .
lucinda attempted to knock again and the same thing happened .
when she finally looked , the mirror showed the same thing the mirror in her room did .
` ` since it did n't rain , the only thing that could have gone wrong might have been the food .
that was the type of thing that the servants might read about in those silly novels they like .
the first thing lucinda noticed was that the ceiling of the room was higher above her than it should be .
` ` when did this entire thing begin ? ''
sofia had n't thought such a thing was possible .
` ` the most awful thing , a sister letting her brother drown like that '' a small noise from sofia brought her daughter to task .
` ` it 's right about one thing .
` ` ' somehow , ( and i would like to know how information is passed around within the manor so i could stop such a thing ) mrs . cavanaugh found out about mr . m 's decision .
` ` ' ` ` no , i have n't , but certainly such a thing '' i began . ` ` '
the lights in the hallway were lit , but in the dark interior of the parlor , the only thing the guests could see was the outline of a woman .
` ` ' the shock of the thing lasted until after the undertaker came to remove mrs . cavanaugh 's broken body .
i had no idea how long i stared at the ceiling , but the next thing i knew , a hot plastic bag was pressed into my hand .
or is it a permanent thing ?
i had no idea how long i was out , but the next thing i knew , i realized that i was moving .
i must ve zoned out , because the next thing i knew , i was being dragged from the car .
it was the most macabre thing i had ever seen .
though i did not hear the testimonies of the other pupils , i am pretty sure most of them went like it was the most amazing thing i have ever seen .
i just wanted to tell you , michelle said , what you did earlier it was the most heroic thing i have ever seen .
it was a horrible thing to witness .
it was the last thing i wanted to see .
it was the biggest thing to happen to that mom - and - pop store and would have led to unbridled success .
thank you so much , i m beyond exhausted , but after the whole clinton thing , i had to make sure , mike responded .
the second thing he noticed was that , although he felt awake , he sure as hell was nt in his room .
you settled into such a routine , it was always the same thing , every night .
but that s the kind of thing i was worried would happen if you bounced between worlds too much .
the last thing he remembered was leon hitting him over the head with a club .
ugly , ugly thing to see , terry remarked .
the only thing he had time to see before being plunged back into the depths was terry raising his arms , palms up , and the corresponding wave it was bringing with it .
he felt even stupider after remembering that terry had mentioned the likelihood of such a thing .
mike finished relieving himself then hopped in the shower , making sure to look his best for the best thing to happen to him in a long while .
you see , i ve been surveying these parts for about a week now and i must have gotten confused , i mean , its the damnedest thing , one minute i m standing on a hill just taking notes when , for some inexplicable reason , i look up and everything was mmm different !
yes , the good lord be praised alright , but do nt you worry none lad , you re in good hands now ; this is the best inn this side of barstone and after a good nights rest i m sure thatah that thing of yours will turn up .
the thing turned its head ; the brazier points of red fire in the demons eyes were the last thing in life that the pilot ever saw ; his face was stricken with terror and he lost all command of the helicopter .
a tall feller dressed in strange clothing came over to the boy and struck him square in the face with the end of what looked to be an old musket type rifle , the blow caused the boy to lose his senses and the next thing he knew he woke up some where s else after bein doused head to toe with a bucket of cold water .
this was the last thing he remembered before he passed out from the pain .
a miraculous thing happened : a green glow flickered in the eyes of the wounded one and within a few moments he sprang to his feet with great glee as if nothing ever happened .
i know you re probably thinking that the whole thing was a setup , that mr . dorian was deceived .
that night , as he lay staring into the darkness , a most amazing thing happened .
next thing i know , you and your misfit friends are following me like some kind of bad habit .
things would be worse if he did , because if there was one thing patrick shea reveled in , it was someone elses tears .
the next thing i know , there s a freaking pool cue wrapped round the side of my head .
i mean this whole thing started over the stupidest thing , a miscommunication and an anally retentive butthole who s a neat freak when it comes to tying up loose ends .
an odd thing to have happen on such a lovely day , but its presence was incontrovertible .
it had been such an innocent thing , a young man who had been immediately smitten on sight with a picture of romuluss only daughter .
the whole thing was strange .
thomas was almost as impassive as antonio through the whole thing .
as for why thomas may have been stalking me around town , i ca nt quite say , but it must ve been to keep an eye on me , or to keep trying to creep me out to follow up on the messages thing .
the last thing he remembered was losing control of his legs and plummeting down the side of the mountain , around and around .
but although he spoke the correct words , there seemed no passion behind them , almost as if he dreaded the whole thing .
that s the only thing that helps .
i was being attacked by the walking dead in the biology class and one thing led to another .
i know what you re thinking ; i just killed a man like it was an everyday thing .
i asked sceptically , because you saw a similar thing in a movie ?
its the most horrid thing i have ever seen .
let me tell you something jerry , i started out as a young deputy just like officer meyer and i ve seen a lot of things in my time , but this- he holds his head down into the palms of his hands and begins to sob .
i m gon na try to get this thing started .
got ta go talk to tina today about that thing i was talking to her about- its coming- shut up- i m behind on laundry , need to - its coming back- shut up ! - i wan na pick up that adorable outfit for amy later- its out there and its coming back for you angelica- please shut the fuck up.- its such a cute little dress , shell look so- do you hear it ?
and of course a life without her stripping gig ( even though the money was great ) and that nasty little heroin thing she started four months ago .
susan would lie awake at night listening to the sound of her husbands long snores and the crickets chirping outside and think to herself : how did such a horrible thing come to be ?
the forty two year old put her hand gently around amys thin wrist , pulling her gently back down to the comfy green seat , where she would tell her of the thing that has been haunting her for the past twenty years .
she felt bad for it slipping her mind due to her meltdown after her thing .
the next thing she heard was jimbo screaming her name from above her .
so you think this thing with the dead cat was him somehow trying to harass or threaten you ?
many people made jokes about the whole thing but it was kind of eerie to me that these people looked and behaved like zombies .
next thing i know i fell asleep .
first thing tomorrow , we head back , clarkson said .
shed never heard of such a thing , but the truth of it was undeniableshed smelled his flowing red blood , so unlike the slow blue blood of a vampire .
so , serial killers , spree killers ; that kind of thing ?
next thing you know , you ll be blaming terrill .
if there was one thing that still shocked robert , it was the revelation that not only were there vampires , there were also vampire huntersand some of them were people he knew personally .
so all it will take is one surviving vampire to set the whole thing off again .
and then a second unforeseen thing happened .
as believers in the rules of vampire , we believe a wildering infestation is the worst thing that can happen to our kind .
one thing leads to another , to another , to another , until they lead to the end , michael said serenely .
a coldness flowed over him , and he felt his life drain away , everything he had ever liked , every good thing that had ever happened spiraling down a dark hole in his soul .
i do nt know why , but you probably set this whole thing up .
for the next two nights , the same thing happened .
it exacts a heavy toll when the totality of your life comes down to sitting around waiting for the next bad thing to happen .
we are both waiting for the same thing , though it will be different for each of us , you the watcher , me the sufferer .
each of us checks our version of events against the others , we are checking to make sure we saw the same thing , we are trying to ascertain that we still have our sanity and that what we just witnessed is real .
the next thing i know i have spent over an hour trying unsuccessfully to get the feed back up .
he was just starting to think about what his favorite thing to do was , when mr . a said , what the hell- caydens warm , euphoric thoughts of acquiring a dub of percs tonight vanished when he saw chaos on the road ahead .
and on the way , we can see if the same thing happened in bigger cities , like madison or milwaukee , ryhs said .
the only good thing for me that s come out of all of this , is that i have nt been arrested .
it was nt the best thing shed ever gone through but it certainly was nt the worst .
its the best thing that ever happened to me .
this is just the kind of thing ill miss .
the next thing he remembered was pushing himself through the cellar window , like a baby wriggling into the world , and sitting down here on the floor .
there was pressure building inside his head and tom was certain this was the last thing he would see before his brain hemorrhaged .
lindsey clutched her hands in frustration and fear , afraid for her daughter , afraid for her family but mostly she was afraid of what had flashed through her mind just before the remorse , the thing that proved she was her fathers daughter .
he smiled in amusement , and it was an ugly thing to see .
i ' ve a vague recollection of a detective saying something about a heavy caseload and getting to it eventually , but the next thing i know i ' m sat in mcdonald 's with a steaming - hot coffee and a small , taped package sitting on the table in front of me .
the only thing i could get were two tiny , green dots that i think were the power led 's on an adjacent spot - light .
` ` sir , the thing is our weather guys say it 's not natural .
paul smiled and answered convincingly , although insincerely , best thing that ever happened to me .
what he really meant was that from a tax standpoint , it was the best thing that ever happened to him .
next thing you know , he crashed and died because crows flew into his engines and the plane lost power .
this is nt the first time i ve heard about this kind of thing happening .
that s the last thing i remember for sure .
the thing that hit her was aunt carolines comment about the jigsaw puzzle .
the dream starts that way every night and the only thing that changes , is that she gets closer each night .
well , a strange thing happened last night .
anyway , i guess i was just too caught up in the thing .
since he knew he was nt allowed to die , the only thing he feared or dreaded was the long , cold walk back to his hotel .
the thing is , elizabeth actually makes a living as a medium .
' i know a good thing when i see it .
ruining the blouse would result in only one thing .
max started to bark and snap at the air , but when i peered into the foliage and thick brush , i could nt see a thing .
only thing it never hit the papers .
the damnable thing was he could n't pinpoint what brought it on .
he cursed himself as he faded off to sleep again , thinking just briefly on the fact that she had n't even awakened during the whole thing .
only thing was , you did nt call in sick on william franklin .
he knew about making bones ; he knew how to be a man in a slum where the only thing a boy had to look forward to was teaching some white muthafucker who the real owner of the hood was .
he looked around and began to smile , shaking his head at the things he d endured on the way to this place .
whatever hellish thing this was , it was indeed no hallucination .
regardless , there was one huge problem : he was utterly lost , shivering like a baby , completely alone , fighting every step of the way against a thing he d only considered possible in nightmares .
the first thing i focused on was two guys with facial hair on a couch , french - kissing .
the next thing i knew , i woke up .
the same thing was happening at the ward several blocks east of us .
the shocking thing was he did nt sound surprised or even angry .
the next thing i remember was waking up with stitches in my belly .
next thing i know , she s kissing me .
you worship trees , and hills , and that kind of thing ?
they would have to be some big rats , i suppose , but that was the only other thing i could think of that it could have been .
there was no such thing as the supernatural .
that sounds fine , except one thing that i think you ve missed , she said , and he looked at her indignantly .
i have nt heard of such a thing , she laughed and turned her head just in time to receive his kiss .
the first thing that was out of the ordinary was the whispering .
by wednesday , it was as if the whole thing was a figment of someones imagination .
shed fought to her knees in the muddy ditch she suddenly found herself in and the next thing shed seen was the little body lying by the side of the road , the limp hand resting on the white warning stripe .
that seemed to be the thing to put her back together again , but of course her mind raced on ahead .
cat stood there and nodded his head as if , yes , he d heard of that sort of thing , and it was really nothing out of the ordinary .
although she did nt remember much of what had been said ( shed been tired and satisfied , dozing as the lights flickered on the screen ) , she did remember one thing .
mertle guessed the whole thing had lasted less than three minutes , but those minutes were forever engraved in her mind , never very far away after she learned of the devastation they d visited .
what if this thing with terri was like that ?
suddenly his feet belonged to him again and the first thing he did was take two shuffling steps backward and fall over a root .
shed really only watched it because it happened to star a very young and beautiful rachel welch , but the idea of the thing had always been in the back of her mind , apparently , because that was the first thing that came now .
shed really only watched it because it happened to star a very young and beautiful rachel welch , but the idea of the thing had always been in the back of her mind , apparently , because that was the first thing that came now .
that was another thing he noticed : the grass had nt been cut in a while , a week or two .
the person on the other side , the lovely fields , told her she wrote it down and would leave it on his desk , so he d see it first thing , and the conversation came to an end .
the last thing he felt was something land hard on his chest .
perhaps as a way to set things to rights because in her heart she knew there was no such thing as turning back the clock .
murphy and nell did nt have a damn thing to do with that now .
she did nt have the strength to hide , to even stand up , and for a moment , when it slowed down and then came to a full stop , she thought , almost contentedly , that now she too would die , she would die and the whole fucking thing would just be over .
like she had been walking through the whole thing in a daze .
had nt the same thing happened with this lorca ?
she could see the whole thing , even the seconds after , when shed lie dead and bleeding on the kitchen floor .
the sheer humiliation of the thing brought a grimace to his face .
the lurching thing at the mailmans house entered his mind now like a raging hurricane .
something was not right with what he looked at , but whether or not this was because at that point in time he simply did not grasp the strange thing in front of him or was because his mind had decided for the moment to hide the terror of what he 'd seen from him , he did not know .
one thing that george really regrets was that he had simply beaten ralphs head against the pavement until his brains had decorated the cold grey slabs underfoot .
in fact , that was the first thing rich and he planned on , was to get half cut .
the first thing i noticed was the blood .
i assumed i was seeing things from the various herbs and supplements i 'd been taking , but it was so vivid .
that was the last thing he remembered , sprinting from the quarter moon inn .
the one good thing to come from that job .
i had no training for this kind of thing and had to fight two overwhelming feelings .
i also started doing the same , the lights of all the rooms ' were now lighting as if there is some function , i quickly got in to the room and closed the door , we looked at each other for a while and then laughed , as if we had not from many years , we were really enjoying ourselves and were living some of the best seconds of our life , we were not having any worry about our future as what the result would be when everyone will come to know about our deed 's , but one thing that happened the best was that the roaring was now not coming , it took some more seconds for us to get calm and control ourselves , that night we slept very well , it was really the first time when i had done such a mischief , otherwise at my home i always remain sincere in front of my father , he was the only person who can keep me in control , .. but we forgot one thing that we were in a school of agents , detection and spies ' so how we could escape from such a principal who has got retired from his post of senior agent of a very secret department , no one knew where he worked before his appointment as the principal of this college , but at that time we were stress free in the celebration of being rescued from the sneezing of such a person .
` ` silence , your periods are being placed according to your years and now the thing that happened yesterday '' we three looked at each other , if it was for us , does he came to know that we were only the one who did it .
` ` , ` ` yes , and i bet you are going to enjoy yourself '' , he said and moved out leaving us alone with this horror thought , but what the thing was which we can do , we were looking at each other as if we are not having any fear but our hearts knew that how horrible it was , we then moved to our rooms with our heads looking at the floor , all in the corridor were looking at us , the feeling was very awkward which i would never like to feel again , with sad faces we sat on our bed .
` ` sir , we were doing inspection sir , '' goku said in such a confidence way that for a single second we also got in confusion that may we would have inspected something , the principal was not a man to be trifled with , he looked at us for a moment and then there happened a thing , which was not expected .
` ` he said that he has solved our problem what he was talking about '' , goku said in a deep voice , '' we are having so much problems so he would have also think that i should help them '' , farhan said taking it lightly , i did n't say anything till we reached the room because i was sure that farhan was not in a mood to listen to me , we opened the gate and then moved inside , our eyes were getting heavy , so we do n't talk much accept the thing that the sound of snoring was not coming now .
there is a thing of proud for us today for all of us including me that mr jorge luis has kindly agreed to take my place '' .
we sat on the chairs kept out side and were thinking about the man when gokus lost thing came to him , priyanshi was coming quickly towards us , farhan also turned his face towards her .
` ` er were you alone when mr ashlesh gave you that thing that letter ? ` ` .
some times i began to think of that boy whom we met in front of mr whittaker office , it was really a wonderful experience to saw him painting on the board , i was not so good but it was the only thing which could be called as hobby , he was here because of his parents and i was also there because of them only , but there was a difference , a little one , but that which matter a lot , so at the last i decided to visit my brother , the one which i liked the most , my father would have surely told me no if i would have asked him for this but now i was having some characteristics of goku also , so i decided to do the things which were quite opposite to the stream , i decided not to tell him anything and i went to the city of laputa in the first bus of the day , i was having a little knowledge about my destination , i was only knowing that it is somewhere near the great pole , and so i reached there after hiring a taxi , it was really good , the city was having many things which i had not seen yet , but i decided to see it with my brother and his wife only , so i went on the road which was the nearest to that pole , on the way many posters were hung on the walls about the criminals , missing persons , but my eyes got fixed at one , it was that person only whose painting was hung in the auditorium , the one who was alive also and was not caught , the posters were quite old so the name was not clearly visible but it was something r .. b .. n steel , '' robin steel '' i said in a little loud voice , the persons standing behind me talking , were now quiet and were staring at me , an old man came towards me , i did n't like it but remained quiet .
it was one of the most bad moments of my life , my failure was getting heavy on me , it was after ten only when i realized that i had kept myself alone for a quite long time , and now there was no one in the garden , at that time one thing happened which make me think , forced me to give an exercise to my mind who was loosing it 's capability to think rightly , a boy with a shabby appearance came to me , there was a sincerity and maturity in his eyes which was far beyond his age .
` ` now what today , i hope it is something related to the previous thing '' .
that was a good sleep , but the morning again saw something different something which would have not happened even when the sun has got risen from the west instead of east and the thing was goku wake up early then us , when we wake up at seven he was not there on his bed , i wake up farhan and the same expressions come on his face also as he saw gokus bed empty .
` ` rajendra kumar sharma and farhan shatrughan will be at the last to give their speech '' he said ` ` there should be the best thing at the last is n't it mr gopal ? ''
` ` it is already ten o clock and still i am awake sitting alone in my room with you , i am sure that soon there will be a call for me , from the almighty , i am really fed up of this boring life , today nothing much happened different which i would like to tell you , just apart from this that the children are now also in a habit to come here for playing cricket , hundreds of time 's i had told them not to come here but they do n't understand , it 's the only thing that creates some contrast in ordinary life , i like to see them playing here but when the ball comes inside through any window then i walk behind them , they would make me get a round of the whole garden and then will go , that saruki is the naughtiest of all , he is their leador , and it is usual that he himself only will hit the ball to my place but he is a good boy by nature , he is in a habit to bring for me some of the delicious items of his ... . '' .
` ` may be , but if there would have been some thing like that then he would have mentioned it at that moment in his diary '' farhan was having a point , but what happened there was unknown to us .
` ` this house belongs to mr mountbatten , an old resident of the village , he was killed here and no one was seen entering the house or leaving it , also there was not a single injury or wound there on his body , his death is now also a mystery for the world because many persons has reported seeing him around this place , even after his death '' sir stopped here , surely it was frightening for all the other students but not so much for us because we had already witnessed the things the last night or more probable to say few hours back only .
` ` i was knowing that you were only the one who was moving with us , you can fool everyone goku but not the one who loves you , '' she said when goku had completed with his work.at last after so much of pain there was a happy thing for goku that priyanshi came to him .
in his vision , for that is the only thing it could be a dream or nightmare required one to be asleep and billy was quite awake and close to screaming .
the last thing she heard was the womans scream .
billy looked up at george , barbatas took kathryn knelt beside him , we know , you re mind was broadcasting the whole thing to us as well .
the smell on the floor was of a bad thing , a very bad thing .
i looked back again but still did n't find a thing .
it was actually a sweet thing to have gotten .
katie , on the other hand , was ecstatic ; she thought it was the coolest thing ever .
only thing i know lots of children .
we just check out these things on the electoral register , you know , and other places , and your address , or rather your parents , popped up .
of course they had dna and finger - prints , that sort of thing , they knew which john jenkins had been in which prison , and which one was dead , and which one had been banged up for rape and which one for murder .
* london , windsor - 2000 richard closed his office door , a thing he rarely did , and sat behind his desk with the little old book held before him just below the desks edge .
he had all questions and no answers , who said there s no such thing as coincidence ?
it was a study on the legends of the undead , you know the sort of thing , vampires and zombies and stuff .
he swallowed the explanation and eve planted a seed , not the sort of thing you want to make the newspaper is it ?
she knew she was lost , i deserve every fucking thing i get .
when he reached them the terrible thing would happen again .
as to the circumstances that had led to the invention ( dr silberman confessed to curiosity about it ) , the director guardedly recounted the thing in the barest of outlines .
one day the alarming thing happened .
the nearest thing to violence in any way involving theodore was the violence if the word was nt too strong for a couple of pushes exercised by the director himself against the lumpy - faced individual .
he did remember the last , big , thing but could nt remember why he d done that .
that kind of thing does n't really happen .
i must have nodded off because the next thing i knew , the sound of a horn jarred me awake .
for every bad thing , there is a good thing .
to lose the affections of a man most sought after was one thing .
did nt know there were such a thing til this happened .
some kind of health code thing graves were too close to the water supply or something .
the whole stairwell thing and the smoking man had him thoroughly shaken .
sophias eyes did that little pulse , swirl thing .
we were talking and the next thing i remembered , you and wayne were standing nearby looking as if you d been in a schoolyard fight .
even if they avoid this house of prayer , it wo nt end this thing .
the last thing he expected in this forest was to meet someone who could speak malayalam , that too someone so pretty .
the last thing he remembered was running in the darkness .
next thing i m on the floor looking under the bed at all the junk i d pushed under there over the years .
i remember that was the first real thing that struck me because the movies had never been in agreement on that .
andand heres the thing that really shakes me , even while crammed in here among the monsters in my closet .
i walked all night and did nt see another damn thing .
now that s a hell of a thing , ai nt it ?
first thing i saw was a form in the street , groaning .
there were old sheets draped through the trees in that direction and a few bodies laying about so i figured with our collective intellect these would be as good a sign as any that things were cooking up ahead .
same thing , another one moved up to finish the job his fellow had just been stopped at .
this whole thing , whatever it was , was their doing , and i could nt for the life of me figure out why all the energy they d spent had any purpose at all .
some little thing clicked in my brain but it did nt stay there for long .
one morning , in cool blood , i slipped a noose about its neck and hung it to the limb of a tree ; -- hung it with the tears streaming from my eyes , and with the bitterest remorse at my heart ; -- hung it because i knew that it had loved me , and because i felt it had given me no reason of offence ; -- hung it because i knew that in so doing i was committing a sin -- a deadly sin that would so jeopardize my immortal soul as to place it -- if such a thing wore possible -- even beyond the reach of the infinite mercy of the most merciful and most terrible god .
i made no doubt that i could readily displace the bricks at this point , insert the corpse , and wall the whole up as before , so that no eye could detect any thing suspicious .
the horror in clay the most merciful thing in the world , i think , is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents .
i have found out another funny thing , but i sha n't tell it this time !
jennie looked at the wall in amazement , but i told her merrily that i did it out of pure spite at the vicious thing .
then , too , just as we turned back , our arms full of driftwood , another thing happened to recall us to the river bank .
` ` one of us walked in his sleep and did this thing , '' i said feebly , ` ` or -- or it has been filed by the constant stream of sand particles blown against it by the wind , perhaps . ''
` ` queer thing , '' he added in a hurried sort of voice , as though he wanted to say something and get it over .
` ` look here now , '' i cried , ` ` this place is quite queer enough without going out of our way to imagine things !
then something happened , something unimportant apparently , as the way is when the nerves are in a very great state of tension , and this small thing for a brief space gave me an entirely different point of view .
well , sir , the two ran into one another naturally enough at the corner ; and then came the horrible part of the thing ; for the man trampled calmly over the child 's body and left her screaming on the ground .
this was no new arrangement , but a thing that had befallen many scores of times .
how is it that the very sunlight does not turn to blackness before this thing , the hard earth melt and boil beneath such a burden ? ''
i remember the nursery maid petting me , and all three examining my chest , where i told them i felt the puncture , and pronouncing that there was no sign visible that any such thing had happened to me .
the first thing i recollect after , is madame standing before me , and impatiently repeating again and again , the question , ` ` where is mademoiselle carmilla ? ''
i was beginning to wonder if i 'd hallucinated the whole thing .
i mean , its just an everyday thing in my mind .
its not exactly a natural thing .
it ll be the last thing he sees before i cut him down .
the only thing i ' ve found worse than pulling flowers is pulling pork bellies on slip sheets .
` ` it was a hail mary play to begin with anyway ... could ' ve been a beautiful thing , had it worked out ... but fate would n't have it . ''
everyone seemed to freeze when i walked into the small shop ... under normal circumstances , it would ' ve qualified as the strangest thing that had ever happened to me .
did i really want to see this -- this thing ?
he felt his normal self - coming back and yet he stood there laughing at this whole thing .
a giant hand brushed her shoulder , and the next thing she knew , big don harding , her supervisor , nudged her to the side and pushed past .
you re right , but its the hardest thing for people to avoid .
it seemed odd that fred was so insistent that kids were hanging around at night , smoking pot and tearing up roses , while kate and jan were adamant that he was seeing things .
suddenly , jan threw her head back and laughed like she was watching the funniest thing shed ever seen .
one thing we ve forgotten -- or rather , we did nt know -- was the time of the accident .
there s not a damned thing in this whole screwed up world i want more tonight than to look over at that hall and see my son come walking through the archway .
i m just trying to get to the bottom of whatever horrible thing happened that changed you so much .
such a thing ... is so ... is so impossible .
for one thing , it names names , gus said .
guess i was so tense , this was the last thing in the world i expected .
next thing , you ll expect me to believe that he died in that car accident , then got up and walked all the way from ocean city to route 9 .
ill want to question mrs . keene first thing in the morning .
when that happened , she would always scream and flee back into the house while he laughed like it was the funniest thing he 'd ever seen- which it was .
in the movies its always at a graveyard or spooky house and always at night not the middle of the frigging desert first thing on a monday morning .
her smile was the nicest thing the man had ever seen .
and the last thing i heard was that he was diagnosed as a type two diabetic six months ago and still has n't changed his diet .
the second thing was a vulture perched on a speed limit sign looking down at him with a bit more than a casual interest .
you were responsible for the toilet thing , this morning .
he smiled and ambled back over to them , saying , hey , you guys , want to see the funniest thing ever ?
they do n't want anyone to ever know what happened out there and frankly i 'd love to forget the whole thing too , bo said , as he watched the boy chasing boris around the park .
but , it was the weirdest damn thing i ' ve ever seen .
he 's still alive , at least that 's the last thing i heard .
a little creek that had swollen with runoff from the recent rains in sector seventeen showed the only thing mildly interesting .
i still got a headache from that ... thing we went to earlier .
well , that s one thing that s never going to happen , cedric growled as he pulled into the town .
the last thing he dreamt before falling into a deep slumber was a simultaneous pair of parallel nightmares , one about a spider caught in its own web , and the other of a serpent caught in its own coils , each struggling , contorting , screaming , bleeding , retching , thrashing , twitching , and , ultimately , dying within their own traps .
as he did so , he instinctively raised the prismsword a few inches higher and tightened his grip on the spectrumhammer , for what he observed upon the grystiawan plains could mean only one thing .
he quickly discerned that the siamese twins had cast a spell of warding to prevent that very thing , however , before the commencement of the ritual .
the one thing he tried not to remember was the day she died .
several cameras , located in different places showed the same thing so he knew the spider web was not in front of just one camera .
then , another very strange thing happened .
it was the most terrifying thing i have ever seen , elton .
fear and terror of such a thing drove him to turn around and take a few steps .
one thing led to another and they got into summoning up demons .
i suppose that we both were lonely so the natural thing happened .
in fact , going back there now would be a horrible thing to have to do .
jack bernard had started the entire thing by bringing into this world a being that did n't belong here , and had paid the price with his life .
i heard something on the radio , saw this thing ... just come home ! ''
it is n't a terrible thing to enjoy wine with company shortly after the loss of a loved one .
perhaps amber was the best thing that could have happened to him since mother died .
she was the best thing that could have happened since linsey died .
but for michael , he would have never imagined that such a thing was possible .
sabotaging the wheelchair lift ; scalding and nearly drowning paulette ; inviting a strange man in the house for sex while michael was gone : these things did n't come close to the horrible thing that michael was about to discover .
as far as predictions go it was not the kind of thing which was particularly impressive .
maybe it was just a one time thing and i would nt have to worry about it again .
i thought people must have done this kind of thing for ages .
the first thing was that the spirit of the little girl was nt the only one that could follow me around at will .
the last thing i recall before waking up more lucidly in a hospital bed monday morning is waking up in the speeding ambulance .
at first i thought i had to be dreaming the whole thing , perhaps my subconscious mind was processing and putting together fragments of my memories from the last few days to create something to occupy my mind while i slept .
i was nt seriously injured but i was pretty shaken by the whole thing .
it was nt until my trial walk , when i saw the thing that i remembered and all my problems came crashing down around me , again that i recalled it .
i could nt remember the other thing he d almost done .
the only thing was you could nt remember what kind of bird it was , or even if there was really a bird to begin with .
it read , pleasehelpuslots3940414243444546pleasehelpuslots3940414243444546pleasehelpuslots3940414243444546pleasehelpuslots3940414243444546pleasehelpuslots3940414243444546pleasehelpuslots3940414243444546pleasehelpuslots3940414243444546pleasehelpudlots3940414243444546 at first i thought it was just an accidental thing , a glitch in the system .
that s what the whole thing was like for me ; like watching a movie .
the next thing i knew i was sitting up on my futon in my apartment .
i did nt know if such a thing could even happen but i did nt want to risk it .
i mean , i watched the whole thing like a movie but it was from her point of view .
i did not want to go back there because i knew what used to stand in its place and the things which once happened there .
one thing you ll learn about me , vox responded , is that i m one very persistent bastard .
pine saw the whole thing .
when this thing started happening to me i got the impression that pine was one who held captive susan and the ghosts of the other kids who died in the fire .
the next thing i knew i was on my back in the foyer and everyone had gathered around .
yet the one thing which could bring me out of such an insane stupor happened .
the more surprising thing was when i realized he was right .
i do nt know tex , the captain says its a biological thing , some nasty parasite , probably cooked up by them camel jockey terrorists out there in durkastan or wherever the hell they come from .
like surviving this thing .
jason was sure douglas was waiting for the same thing .
douglas ended the silence with a simple question so , what do you think caused the whole zombie thing to happen ?
the radio crackled a little bit and then lynns voice came over with a little static sure thing jason , well be ready .
coffee was a wonderful thing .
though he had always wanted to sit back and watch the whole thing , jason stopped him short .
she found the whole thing funny , but did her best to suppress the laugh , as much as she needed it .
he had often stated that he was looking forward to a zombie uprising or some such thing just to see if he could survive it .
the first thing she saw was a zombie with a ruined head and something sticking out of its chest , lying on its side less than five feet from the car .
a rare thing .
it was a vile thing to see , and then jon was trying to sit up , and matt was trying not to breathe .
it was an odd thing to notice , considering the circumstances .
this kind of thing never happened to miltimore the sword - wielder , milt thought .
yeah , new york is fine , were not affected by this thing , so do nt worry about me .
lorie understood what was going on right awaythe same thing had happened to one of her friends in the middle of a driving lesson .
exactly the kind of thing that does nt happen in zombie movies , sven thought , exactly .
yeah , i saw the whole thing .
it was a strange thing to remember at that moment , but that was what svens statement made her think of .
it was an easy thing to forget under all the pressure they were experiencing .
the rain was thick , but that kind of thing is unmistakable .
that s no way to be , jane told herself , that s no way to be on a day like this , that s exactly the kind of thing that spells the difference between life and she jolted herself into action , making her muscles move by sheer force of will .
there was only one thing he could concludethey were mocking him , and the birds , unreachable as they were , quite literally had the upper wing .
it was nt a thing to be disgusted with , it was just destiny .
the only thing that helped was touching the handles of the machetes , and there was nt even time for that now .
he was staring at the tv , but not seeing a thing .
if i told them about this place , about the things that i had seen so far , they would just lock me up and throw away the key .
this was the last thing i ever wanted to see .
this journey had been physically and mentally the most extreme thing i could have ever imagined .
strangely enough it was just the same thing over and over .
it was as if he expected the next thing to happen .
` ` the bigfoot thing ? ''
` ` since you ' ve been taking such an interest in this art business , and since we do n't really have an arts reporter for this kind of thing , i ' ve decided maybe it could be something you could use , '' john said , pulling a card out of the envelope and opening it .
it was the last thing i remember until i felt the wet towel on my face .
i know you ll do what you can to find a cure or a way to stop this thing .
i did , but unless this was some sort of reverend jim jones , guyana , kool - aid mass - suicide thing , then these people were captured and stacked by these freaks .
i d told hemp to stay in the land yacht he was driving , but next thing i knew he was beside me , helping me shimmy the next undamaged generator over the tips of my raised forks .
battery backups , that sort of thing .
you went into the stock room , i started to worry , and next thing i knew you were out on the floor and i was running from a dead basketball player .
and that was the last thing i remember .
i can tell you , and you probably experienced the same thing , there are nt any real after - effects .
one evening , about three weeks after the whole thing began , hemp and i sat together on the porch while the girls were looking at what to whip up for dinner .
i lay in the dark and watched that vacant corner , trying to convince myself that i imagined the whole thing .
the thing that i was seeing in my room was real .
the only thing that i could be grateful for was the darkness so that jonah could nt see me blush .
what if this thing that no one would take about would tell me something about the things i kept seeing ?
what if this thing that no one would take about would tell me something about the things i kept seeing ?
my heart did a strange stop - start - pound in my ears sort of thing .
he smiled , i do nt know , perhaps it was a one - time thing .
from the look on her face , there was no doubt , she saw the entire thing .
the last thing he saw as he looked out the windshield was his car smashing into a tree at seventy miles an hour .
the only thing that was bothersome was that the screw driver sat beside it on the bright brown wooden flooring .
malcolm got a little annoyed by the whole thing and held onto him tighter .
it 's not like she practiced anyways , but he thinks it was yet one more thing to goad him on about .
when he went to lie on his back again he felt that same rod feeling thing in his penis and it hurt , but it also felt sort of good too .
then one day a peculiar thing happened as i was sitting at the desk in my office pondering a business decision .
if i had known ... if i could have stopped this horrible thing , surely you believe me that i would have ? ''
i swirled my head around to the spot where my golden crucifix had fallen on the floor , it was gone.vanishedthe only thing i could hear from behind me was the little girl laughing .
i sit down and open my books and i start thinking about whatever you told me that day and the next thing i know , my mother 's telling me it 's time to go to bed .
but good things came in threes , everyone knew that at last the nurse came back with an intern , a young man named dr timpnell whose hair looked as if it had last been cut by a lawn boy with very dull blades .
this sort of thing happens from time to time , '' he said ( possibly from his wealth of practical experience , which stretched back perhaps as far as six months ) .
` ` oh , one thing just followed another , '' todd said , and picked up the .30-.30 .
one thing just ... followed another . ''
in the whole pitch - black theatre there 's only one thing you can see .
` ` are you just going to lie here and let this thing go on ?
and this woman went on talking and talking and gradually this incredible thing became ordinary and dull .
` ` stop making me feel guilty for this thing .
then , as if it were the usual thing , i turned to richard with a smile .
` ` it was the usual thing , '' she said .
you pick it up and your aggravated mind composes a scene in which that very thing has occurred .
i try to make the humming noise and discover a horrible thing : now i ca n't even do that .
maybe i should pull a sickie and call the whole thing off .
` ` i do n't know about you two , but i plan to be back here first thing after school tomorrow and every day this week , and the week after , and the week after that , until we get to the bottom of this damn hole .
she was at it again first thing when she woke and she made me join in . ''
just before i go under completely , i remember the one thing i did n't tell dervish about - the blood disappearing from beneath loch 's head .
i d forgotten one thing jason did that made me the most uncomfortable .
the next thing i knew , she and jason were hugging .
micah and his leopards answer to jean - claude out of courtesy and micah knowing a good thing when he sees it , buthe is not drawn to jean - claude .
it had been a very , very near thing .
i got embarrassed about every damn thing .
the really scary thing is that i do nt think the vampires know the answer either .
` ` the apology is a wondrous thing , mon ami , but forgive this old vampire if he asks , what exactly are you sorry for ? ''
i thought of a lot of things to say , the mildest of which was that something being a good thing had n't been enough if it meant he had to use his beast to do it , but out loud i said , ` ` yes , it would be . ''
damian and i were both almost equally bad at this kind of thing , so he kept cardinal on his arm , and we waved at each other .
` ` but the insidious thing is that when people see things going wrong all around them - ` ` ` ` their first impulse is to reach for their cell phones and try to find out what 's causing it , '' tom said .
then , as they neared the far end of the bridge ( he could see old ironsides - at least he thought it was old ironsides - riding at anchor in the harbor , still safe from the flames ) , he noticed an odd thing .
he discovered it was a thing you could n't prepare for .
sharon was n't here , that was the thing to remember .
and when you were one member of the flock - one part of the whole - they became doubly obsolete , if such a thing was possible .
either way , it came to the same thing .
' i really remember only one constant thing about rollie 's childhood - after all , he was in the fifth grade when i was born - but i remember that one thing very well . '
' i really remember only one constant thing about rollie 's childhood - after all , he was in the fifth grade when i was born - but i remember that one thing very well . '
next thing you know it 's ` ` electricity time '' and ` ` wireless time '' and finally it 's atom - bomb time '' .
but until the thing had begun with the plymouth , he had seemed at least content as if he had reached a modus vivendi with life .
there had been some sort of disputed play at second and i had missed the whole thing .
going back to my football woes - i think the worst thing was the way people looked at me , and lenny , and the rest of the team , in the hallways .
' the first thing is this , ' arnie said .
getting warmer , but arnie did n't believe junkins would be able to accept such a thing , even if he wanted to .
and as the event receded into the past , it became easier to believe he had fallen asleep and dreamed the whole thing .
the storm had blown itself out by noon on christmas day , and now the hard and cloudless blue sky seemed to deny that there even was such a thing as snow - but the dunelike drifts rolling across lawns all up and down the street like the backs of great buried beasts confirmed it .
it 's like arnie saw christine and knew , and then lebay saw arnie and knew the same thing . '
it was a pretty funny goddam thing , at that .
the same thing that happened to buddy repperton and will darnell and all the others .
the whole thing began to seem dreamlike the deepening shadows , the white light coming in through the windows slowly changing to an ashy grey , the drone of the overhead heaters .
the next thing i remember for sure was leigh shaking me fully awake and whispering my name over and over in my ear .
it was the most eerie , most terrible thing i have ever seen in my life .
the next thing she remembered with any clarity was cowering in the doorway of a closed newsagent '' s shop .
grandfather coslaw sleeps through the whole thing .
that was david , his intelligent but slightly peculiar son who had started going to church last fall , after the thing that had happened to his friend brian .
according to david it was all talk , and after the thing with brian , ralph supposed the kid needed someone to talk to .
are you sure you didn ' tjust imagine the whole thing ?
the stench of what the man had sneezed out - he 's dying , he 's got to he dying , that 's infection and internal bleeding , he 's sick , his mental illness is only one symptom of something else , some radiation thing , or maybe rabies , or ... or ...
any thing out of the ordinary . ''
` ` david , some thing 's happened to brian .
` ` he says he does n't remember any of it , that he was in a blackout , and do you know the horrible thing davey ?
david did n't think such a thing was possible , but that was how he had looked .
she asked , and steve noticed an interesting thing : they were both talking in low tones , really not more than a step or two above a whisper .
the first thing he saw when the lights came on was the huge caribou 's head on the wall to the left of the desk .
just a very faint hollow roaring sound , the sort of thing you heard in a conch shell .
` ` it seemed like i remembered every rotten thing that ever happened to me in my life , '' she said .
` ` the thing we saw back in the lab !
but for a few seconds there it had been bad , maybe the worst thing that had ever happened to him .
and then the boy said something mary thought she might remember even if her mind succeeded in blocking the rest of this out - it was the sort of thing that came back to you in dreams , if nowhere else .
it was funny , in a shocking way ; the sort of thing the characters in old warner brothers cartoons sometimes did .
` ` if i live through this , that 's one thing i 'll never forget , no matter how long i live - how he took the boy 's hat off to shoot him , then put it back on again .
at this same moment ( his mind once more insisting it was the next moment , the next thing , the new sentence ) ralph carver yelled : ` ` get your hands off my boy , bitch ! ''
` ` heaven 's a joke , the kind of thing your reverend martin would spiel happily on about for hours , if you kept buying him shots and beers - it 's no more real than tom billingsley 's fishes and horses !
4 the first thing mary was aware of was a smell - sweetish , rank , nauseating .
and the worst thing is that you may live like that for a long time .
as the atv 's high - set headlights swept main street , he saw two things : the leprechaun weathervane which had topped bud 's suds was now lying in the street , and steve 's truck was gone .
some huge thing .
if i , d had a gun , the only thing i could have been sure of was getting myself killed .
such a thing would not be possible without a band of conspirators even the movie i had seen , romantic as it had been , had made that clear .
all he knew for sure was that it had been a mighty fart and an even mightier belch , the sort of thing you could yarn on for twenty years or more , starting off we used to go up to beaver clarendon 's camp the first week of hunting season every year , and one november - it was ' 01 , the year of the big fall storm - this fella wandered into camp ...
beaver was trying to sound lighthearted , as if the whole thing was a big joke , a camp prank , which only made him sound more scared .
the beav laughing about how duddits had worried santa claus was n't real , and all four of them - big high - school galoots by then , thinking they had the world by the tail - working to reconvince duddits that santa was a true thing , the real deal .
henry discovers an amazing thing : he is as close to coming unglued as scotty , the galoot .
every bad thing he had ever suspected was now coming toward him , not on a pale horse but on an old snowmobile with a rusty cowling .
whatever the horrible thing was that he had been sensing , it had happened .
one thing he could see : the skin of mccarthy 's stomach hung in two slack dewlaps .
by then the josie rinkenhauer thing has come and gone , a little nine days ' wonder forgotten by everyone except josie 's parents , who will never forget .
and now he realized a terrible thing : he had gotten so fixated on the beer that he had forgotten the fucking guns .
perlmutter did n't know exactly what the really scary thing was , and did n't want to know .
he cried again in his hortatory eggman 's voice , and one thing he did understand : the luxury of suicide had been denied him .
to henry , the interesting thing was that there was none of the red - gold fuzz .
and the awful thing , henry knew , was that underhill wanted to stop .
that window is dirty , and it 's filled with signs advertising everything from winston cigarettes and moosehead ale to church suppers and fourth of july picnics that happened back when the peanut - farmer was still president ... but there 's still enough glass for him to look through and see the thing that 's waiting for him outside .
' in any case , ' jonesy said , ' the last bad thing to happen was a kind of freak hurricane .
jonesy realized an amazing thing , both touching and terrifying : mr gray was smiling with jonesy 's mouth .
one thing he could see was that there was a broken window in the humvee which had been chasing them .
the doctors called what happened to my head a contracoup injury , and that kind of thing often does more damage than the original hit .
i was supposed to be mentally impaired thanks to the contracoup thing , and at first i was , but it passed .
tell me your name or i 'll cut out your eyes and chop off your nose and rip out your - '' my mind cross - connected then , a thing that still happens now , four years later , down here in the town of tamazunchale , state of san luis potos , country of mexico , site of edgar freemantle 's third life .
i do n't think it 's the sort of thing women joke about six months after their husbands have almost died in accidents , anyway .
one other thing occurred in my other life before i slipped through that door , though .
by the time santa claus showed up at the beneva road mall , where jack cantori sometimes took me shopping , i realized an amazing thing : all my southbound footprints were clear .
` ` i actually read about the honey thing in one of miss eastlake 's cookery books . ''
i did have this momentary thing ...
i do n't know how to describe it ... '' ` ` was it a momentary thing where you felt like chopping off his dick , then putting out his eyes with a hot toasting - fork ?
was it that momentary thing , muchacho ? ''
i discovered an interesting thing : when the gulf got a little crazy and those waves really poured in , the shells shut up .
the last thing i did was pick up the venus sky to color in her stupid eyes .
i thought he 'd tell me why he 'd shot himself in the head and how a man survives that sort of thing .
the matter of candy brown was n't the next thing , only the next obvious thing .
did i think such a thing could happen to me ?
` ` what are we cele- '' it hit me then , the only thing it possibly could be , and i snapped upright , tumbling reba onto the floor .
the kind of talk that almost always turns into that magical thing called ' buzz . ' ''
he laughed as though this were the funniest thing he 'd ever heard , then said , ` ` mainly i called to ask if there are any pictures you want marked nfs not for sale . ''
the second thing she makes a phone call while wireman dangles on hold and does a crossword puzzle with his newly restored vision is that her ex has done bupkes about chartering a plane , at least with the company she knows .
he smiled up at me , as if his presence here in the first row of the geldbart auditorium next to my friend wireman were the most natural thing in the world .
this is a thing i see more clearly now ; i only knew then that i felt very , very bad .
` ` that just proves that fame 's a fleeting thing .
a curious thing happened to my stomach .
i someday , if your life is long and your thinking machinery stays in gear , you 'll live to remember the last good thing that ever happened to you .
` ` was n't no thing ; did n't take twenty minutes .
but until then probably the worst thing that had ever happened to her in her life other than falling out of that pony - trap , and i 'll bet she did n't even remember that was getting turned over her daddy 's knee and paddled or having her hand slapped for trying to take one of nan melda 's jam tarts before they were cooled .
and the most shameful thing was that , even though i was heartbroken , i was also hungry .
her father must ' ve heard her screaming , and that 's probably the only thing that could still bring him around .
i was afraid i had another thing coming .
` ` this is a beautiful thing , '' i said .
` ` it 's a terrible thing to lose the one you love , mr .
i heard bennington 's words in my head : it 's a terrible thing to lose someone you love .
the look on her face was bleak , like someone who had seen the worst possible thing and lived .
he smiled at me , as if whatever he saw was the most beautiful thing in the world .
jennie and i would hear the same thing , or see the same event , but she would then speak into her phone / recorder and it would be funny , even funnier than what happened .
the only thing eddie was seeing at that moment ?
it was a secret thing , a mystery , a marvel .
arky arkanian had been the first person to see the thing that came out of the buick , although he did n't know what he was seeing .
orv garrett was a practical joker , all right , liked to have his fun just like the next guy , but he would n't make that thing in the shed part of a gag .
' anyway , the thing at the country way 's not the kind of meeting i ' m talking about .
i get there and the first thing i see is a loaf of wonder bread on the yellow line of the old statler pike and the next thing i see is the top half of a kid .
i get there and the first thing i see is a loaf of wonder bread on the yellow line of the old statler pike and the next thing i see is the top half of a kid .
next thing i see is there 's a fly on the kid 's tongue .
the first thing he remembered on the other side of that cigarette - burn in the surface of his memory was tony saying , ' go on , now , you hear ?
the old sarge became a grandfather , that was one thing .
the buick was not the only thing happening around here , okay ?
same thing happened at the end of the twentieth century , remember ?
when he put his face to one of the windows in the roll - up front door , the first thing he noticed was the tarp tony had bought .
they waited for another bat - thing or another cyclone of leaves , but there was nothing immediate in the wake of the lightshow ; the buick just sat there .
' the thing you saw , does it look ? '
' i ca n't put my finger on any one thing .
next they 'd be comparing the goddam thing to a summer 's day .
let me tell you something you can file away with whatever else you consider to be the great truths of life : only one thing scares a police communications officer more than hearing a trooper in the field actually sounding scared on the radio , and that 's one calling in a 29 - 99 .
next thing my old pal brian 's over on the shoulder and half in the ditch like he 's been expecting it all his life , which on some level he probably has been .
if there was ever such a thing as the right man at the right place , it was george stankowski that day at poteenville grammar school .
then : eddie it was better outside , so much better i almost felt , as i hurried along after george , that the whole thing in shed b had been a dream .
when he got close i saw a terrible thing : little tendrils of smoke were coming from the birdshot - spatter of holes on his muzzle .
i said , next thing you 'll be telling me it sent out a ray or something to make that norco tanker crash into the schoolbus that day .
' next thing i knew i was back here again , and all i can remember thinking is ` ` i ' ve got to do it tonight , i ' ve got to finish it once and for all . ''
' next thing a tire 'll blow ... or the muffler will fall off ... or a piece of the chrome .
that was n't the really incredible thing , though .
the really incredible thing was that the grin no longer made gerald look harmlessly retarded .
she took a closer look at him and saw a terrible thing : he knew .
come on , jess - you 'd probably like to believe you 're crazy ratherthan dig around in that old grave , but you 're really not , you know.i ' m you , the goodwife 's you ... we 're all you , as a matter of fact.i have a pretty good idea of what happened that day at dark scorewhen the rest of the family was gone , and the thing i ' m really curiousabout does n't have a lot to do with the events per se .
now that she had remembered the blonde girl with the eerily calm face and voice and the stipple of old circular scars on her otherwise lovely breasts , jessie could not get her out of her mind , nor the knowledge that it had n't been calmness , not at all , but some fundamental disconnection from the terrible thing that had happened to her .
whatever it was , it will be him - she 's sure of that much - and she is afraid she will exact a terrible punishment for the thing he did , no matter how serious or trivial that thing was : she will raise the croquet mallet and drive it into his face , smashing his nose and knocking out his teeth , and when he falls down on the grass the dogs will come and eat him up .
it was just a silly little accident , the kind of thing you shook your head over when you saw it reported in the paper at breakfast ; you said , ` ` listen to this , honey , '' and read the item to your husband while he ate his grapefruit .
a thing like this could make them a lot worse .
the sadness had been real , and that somehow made the terrible thing he had done worse instead of better .
an enormous sense of relief washed through jessie as she realized the thing punkin wanted to remember had not happened during or after her father 's sexual advances , but before them ... although not long before .
` ` ... is for your mother to come home and find a note saying ... ` ` jessie 's eyes flashed open as she spoke these words to the empty room , and the first thing they saw was the empty glass : gerald 's water - glass , still standing on the shelf standing there near the cuff binding her wrist to the bedpost .
meantime , there was one more step to be taken , one more thing to see : whether the cuff would maintain its jealous hold on her , or if flesh and blood might not at last conspire to make it let go .
it was the day of the eclipse again , that was the only thing that was the same .
a fabulously comforting idea , and only one thing wrong with it : it was n't true .
but remembering a thing and reliving a thing did not confer an obligation to tell about a thing , even when the memories made you sweat and the nightmares made you scream .
but remembering a thing and reliving a thing did not confer an obligation to tell about a thing , even when the memories made you sweat and the nightmares made you scream .
now it was almost lunch , and the most surprising thing was she had n't strayed as far from the truth as meggie 's lifted brow suggested : her hand really was n't that bad .
then he added that the important thing to remember was that it was no more real than the shower gerald and i took after our athletic , bump - and - bruise romp on the bed .
some were kind and supportive , but most were the voices of people who were afraid , people who were confused , people who thought jessie was a worthless little baggage who deserved every bad thing that happened to her and who would have to pay double for every good thing .
some were kind and supportive , but most were the voices of people who were afraid , people who were confused , people who thought jessie was a worthless little baggage who deserved every bad thing that happened to her and who would have to pay double for every good thing .
how could a thing like that happen ?
but tom gordon 's looks were n't the thing .
that thing as he left the mound .
if you ignored the birches and the bushes and let your eye see the whole thing , you could n't mistake it for anything else .
water rustled and dripped from leaves and branches ; when trisha raised her head and looked out through the tilted glass - less rectangle where the old truck 's windshield had been , the first thing she saw was sunlight glaring from the surface of a puddle in one of the road 's ruts .
there was nothing , nothing at all , and after an hour of walking she began to think she had hallucinated the whole thing .
the smile which lit his face from the eyes down was the sweetest , truest thing she had ever seen .
a church in hell ; that sort of thing . ''
` ` do n't worry , she 'll get over it ; i ' m sure it 's not the worst thing that 's ever happened to her during a sitting . ''
that was a terrible thing to think of lionel .
` ` what 's the worst thing that could happen ? ''
the only thing i was almost certain of was that they were n't the ones edward and i had wounded in the woods .
it took me a moment to realize that the last thing i 'd heard about laila karlton had been waiting to hear back from the tests .
i heard the bell on the door , and the last thing i saw before the dizziness ate the rest of the world was a blurring wave of black cloaks coming toward us .
the werelions moved quickly across it , guns out , alert , but there was nothing but the thing at the bottom of the stairs .
everything else that she 'd done , and this was the thing that shocked him .
and then there was the thing about the books .
i think what was here before is still here - the thing that was here in 1957 and 1958 ; the thing that was here in 1929 and in 1930 when the black spot was burned down by the maine legion of white decency ; the thing that was here ha 1904 and 1905 and early 1906 - at least until the kitchener ironworks exploded ; the thing that was here in 1876 and 1877 , the thing that has shown up every twenty - seven years or so .
i think what was here before is still here - the thing that was here in 1957 and 1958 ; the thing that was here in 1929 and in 1930 when the black spot was burned down by the maine legion of white decency ; the thing that was here ha 1904 and 1905 and early 1906 - at least until the kitchener ironworks exploded ; the thing that was here in 1876 and 1877 , the thing that has shown up every twenty - seven years or so .
i think what was here before is still here - the thing that was here in 1957 and 1958 ; the thing that was here in 1929 and in 1930 when the black spot was burned down by the maine legion of white decency ; the thing that was here ha 1904 and 1905 and early 1906 - at least until the kitchener ironworks exploded ; the thing that was here in 1876 and 1877 , the thing that has shown up every twenty - seven years or so .
i think what was here before is still here - the thing that was here in 1957 and 1958 ; the thing that was here in 1929 and in 1930 when the black spot was burned down by the maine legion of white decency ; the thing that was here ha 1904 and 1905 and early 1906 - at least until the kitchener ironworks exploded ; the thing that was here in 1876 and 1877 , the thing that has shown up every twenty - seven years or so .
this had not been in the paper , nor was it a thing any adult had spoken of to ben .
` ` things have come to a pretty pass when a thing like this can go on .
and in his pleasure over the watch , his feeling of love for her , his small - boy gladness at her concern ( which was at the same time a little frightening in its unhidden unabashed fierceness ) , he almost told her about the thing that had happened last january .
that lack of knowledge made nun distrust her , made him unsure of what her reaction would be to his story of the thing which had happened to him in january .
` ` we 're going , '' henry said , ` ` but before we do , i want to know one thing .
he dreamed of the thing which had happened to him in january , the thing which he had n't quite been able to tell his mother .
who had even heard of such a thing ?
8 that night a terrible thing happened to bill denbrough .
when asked why she had not reported a beating of such obvious severity , mrs dumont said , ` ` this is n't the first time i ' ve seen such a thing as this in my career as a teacher .
if he did , that 's one thing i ' ve got to thank god for . ''
it was the sort of thing that happened frequently in the horror comics eddie read , the ones he kept on the top shelf of his closet .
no sign of the thing from the canal ... if there ever had been a thing .
richie paused , began to say something , shook his head , paused again , then said : ` ` scariest thing i ' ve seen lately was mark prenderlist takin a leak in mccarron park .
his dying scared me and enraged me , but it embarrassed me , too ; it seemed to me then and it seems to me now that when a man or woman goes it should be a quick thing .
we never spoke of the cancer , and in some of those silences i thought that we must speak of it , that there would be nothing else and we would be stuck with it like kids caught without a place to sit in a game of musical chairs when the piano stops , and i would become almost frantic , trying to think of something - anything ! -to say so that we would not have to acknowledge the thing which was now destroying my daddy , who had once taken butch bowers by the hair and jammed his rifle into the shelf of his chin and demanded of butch to be left alone .
the worst thing of this , mikey , is that you ca n't even laugh anymore when you feel like it .
it got to be kind of a thing in town .
` ` so instead of the thing ending in some put - up way that would have at least left all those that burned up that night still alive , the legion of decency ended it .
about two dozen of em went marchin right up my back , an i guess that was the only time during the whole thing when i really felt scared .
` ` the thing you saw , '' i whispered .
they had a feature on that damned movie just last week - husband and wife working happily together kind of thing .
` ` all right ; i g - guess the question is , do we stay and fight or do we forget the whole thing ?
he thought you would probably see much the same thing at any tenth or twentieth high school reunion - the class comedian who had discovered a vocation for the priesthood in college would , after two drinks , revert almost automatically to the wiseacre he had been ; the great english brain who had wound up with a gm truck dealership would suddenly begin spouting off about john irving or john cheever ; the guy who had played with the moondogs on saturday nights and who had gone on to become a mathematics professor at cornell would suddenly find himself on stage with the band , a fender guitar strapped over his shoulder , whopping out ` ` gloria '' or ` ` surfin '' bird '' with gleeful drunken ferocity .
late the following day benny beaulieu , who slept through the whole thing , would find them and hide them in his footlocker .
freddie firestone , the producer of attic room , had of course wanted bill first thing .
` ` it 's funny how people get during a thing like that , and even funnier what they remember after it 's all over .
like ben with his mummy or eddie with his leper and stan with the drowned boys , he had seen a thing that would have driven an adult insane , not just with terror but with the walloping force of an unreality too great to be explained away or , lacking any rational explanation , simply ignored .
he was aware that they were all looking at bill , and he had the feeling - again - that ben 's story of the smoke - hole was more than a thing you read about in a book and then had to try for yourself , like a chemistry experiment or a magic trick .
but just before the clown washed out completely , he saw the most terrible thing of all : his ma 's face .
here was her son , lying on his bed of pain in derry home hospital , he might never be able to use his good right arm again , she had heard of such things , or , god forbid , loose splinters from the break might work through his bloodstream to his heart and puncture it and kill him , oh of course god would never allow that to happen , but she had heard of it happening , so that meant god could allow such a thing to happen .
here was her son , lying on his bed of pain in derry home hospital , he might never be able to use his good right arm again , she had heard of such things , or , god forbid , loose splinters from the break might work through his bloodstream to his heart and puncture it and kill him , oh of course god would never allow that to happen , but she had heard of it happening , so that meant god could allow such a thing to happen .
but a strange thing happened ; a terrible thing , really .
but a strange thing happened ; a terrible thing , really .
` ` you were right about one thing , richie , '' she says .
if she so much as made a sound , they might hear her ... particularly if their absorption in whatever strange thing they were doing flagged .
he began to think about the thing they had seen on neibolt street , and for the first time he saw a crazy parallel - the werewolf had , after all , come out of the toilet .
and then it will stop ( again ) again , yes , again , because this has happened before and there always has to be some sacrifice at the end , some terrible thing to stop it , i do n't know how i can know that but i do ... and they ... they ... ' they luh - luh - let it happen , '' bill muttered , staring wide - eyed at the ratty pigtail of path .
whatever terrible thing was wrong here , whatever those new scars on his hands meant , they would face it together .
she would find him and get him to take her away from whatever unspeakable thing there was in this town .
it 's the one thing i still ca n't remember .
it was not used to not having its own way ; such a thing had never happened to it , and until the most recent moments of its existence it had not suspected such a thing could .
it was not used to not having its own way ; such a thing had never happened to it , and until the most recent moments of its existence it had not suspected such a thing could .
and she feels the thing begin to happen - something of which the girls who whisper and giggle about sex in the girls '' room have no idea , at least as far as she knows ; they only marvel at how gooshy sex must be , and now she realizes that for many of them sex must be some unrealized undefined monster ; they refer to the act as it .
by nine - thirty , the thing the derry water department had sworn was now impossible seemed not only possible but imminent : that downtown derry might be flooded for the first time since august of 1958 , when many of the old drains had clogged up or caved in during a freak rainstorm .
the first thing he saw was a white - and - orange crash barrier .
i try to think of it and the craziest thing happens - i get this ih - image of g - g - goats walking over a bridge .
` ` and if you get back this way , the same thing goes . ''
lulu laughed it off , like it was the funniest thing she 'd ever had happen to her , and as key - yout as anything else a little kitten might do , but i could see she was miffed .
it 's the funniest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the last thing i see in the real world - mike marching towards me , torn between concern and fury .
the last thing i see - dervish , eyes closed , singing as though his life depended on it .
it was n't until the whole thing was over that i realized it must have been his earlobe .
i had the umbrella in my hand , and the one thing i ca n't remember , no matter how hard i try , is when i grabbed it .
had perhaps even planned it , the whole thing .
because of his researches for misery , he had rather more than a layman 's understanding of neurosis and psychosis , and he knew that although a borderline psychotic might have alternating periods of deep depression and almost aggressive cheerfulness and hilarity , the puffed and infected ego underlay all , positive that all eyes were upon him or her , positive that he or she was staffing in a great drama ; the outcome was a thing for which untold millions waited with held breath .
even if they had n't seen a thing , she would n't put it past the roydmans to make up a story to get her in trouble ; they did n't like her .
my god , annie , one of the first thing you find out in this business is that editors hate reading manuscripts typed on corrasable bond almost as much a they hate hand - written manuscripts . ''
and that other voice returned at once : i do n't know if you 'll be damned by god or saved by him , paulie , but one thing i do know : if you do n't find a way to bring misery back to life a way she can believe - she 's going to kill you .
what i do , that 's final , i never look back on that type of thing .
i also knew that there is rarely such a thing as a ` ` minor accident '' on those twisty upcountry roads .
it 's the only thing i look forward to .
if she wants to get me a replacement , i 'll thank her kindly , but if she does n't i 'll finish on the goddam legal pads the one thing i wo n't do is scream .
` ` annie , if you spend your whole life thinking the worst thing you can imagine is going to happen , you have to be wrong some of the time . ''
you 'd pass his neat little house sometimes at dusk and he would be on the porch smoking a pipe with a glass of mineral water on the porch rail and the sunset would be in his eyes and pipe smoke around his head and you 'd think - i did , anyway - homer is waiting for the next thing .
this bothered me over a wider range of my mind than i liked to admit , and at last i decided it was because if it had been me , i would n't have been waiting for the next thing , like a groom who has put on his morning coat and finally has his tie right and is only sitting there on a bed in the upstairs of his house and looking first at himself in the mirror and then at the clock on the mantel and waiting for it to be eleven o'clock so he can get married .
she was again telling myra that soon they would have another store selling stinky old perfume bottles and pictures of someone 's dead relatives , and it was really a shame the way these things came and went .
the only thing was , the catholics went around as soon as they were done and took them down again .
it was just the kind of thing puppies do , polly .
the man 's eyes remained fixed on hugh 's , and the strangest thing was happening - they seemed to be growing .
he had come by a great thing and could not show or share it .
his cheeks now flared with color , and alan realized that the only thing he 'd managed to do in the last few minutes was swap one crazy for another .
she went to bed that thursday night planning to go over to nettle cobb 's first thing friday morning and take care of things .
there was this thing that happened with thad beaumont , the writer ... this crazy thing- '' ` ` are you saying you were so out of it you never noticed annie and todd when they were around , or that you were n't at home much , anyway ? ''
behind the teller he saw an amazing thing .
the oddest thing had just happened to him .
home , that was the thing to think about .
that was a good thing , maybe the best thing that had happened to him since clut had phoned during the football game .
pete jerzyck 's finding his wife in the shower was the only thing in the whole mess that made perfect sense to alan .
one thing led to another , and at some point ricky had realized he was telling mr . gaunt his deepest , most secret wish .
ordinarily , everett would have been unhappy to be sent on a house - call first thing , especially one so far out in the country , but on an unseasonably hot morning like this , a ride out of town seemed like just the thing .
one thing he did remember was mr . gaunt 's teasing him , saying that a. conan doyle had once owned the pipe .
and the most horrible thing of all was that brian thought mr . gaunt knew best about this , too .
one thing she could rememberit filled her with shame and a low sort of horror , but she could remember it , all right - was this : mr . leland gaunt hated the man polly loved , and mr . gaunt was doing something - something - that was very wrong .
the first thing he saw struck him like a hard blow to the solar plexus .
i can tell you one thing , though - he 's gon na shit when he sees the electrical bill for this month ... unless a cold front moves in .
16 as alan approached the municipal building , he saw the first unqualifiedly good thing of the day : norris ridgewick 's vw approaching from the other direction .
alan pangborn 's almost heavenly reflexes saved sheila 's life that afternoon , but it was a very close thing .
23 sheila brigham began to regain some control , and alan got the most important thing out of her right away : she had decommissioned hugh with the butt of the shotgun .
a strange thing was happening to buster keeton .
the insurance investigator said it was a bonafide accident which had been caused by a short - circuit ... a one - in - a - million type of thing .
the state cop who did n't look old enough to drink beer yet took in norris 's uniform and then said , ` ` there 's a brawl going on upstreet somewhere - the christians against the cannibals , or some damn thing .
` ` no you wo n't , because if you leave now , there wo n't be a goddam thing to come back to ! ''
hollis was yapping after me to quit , but i stud with it until the thing with ace merrill happened .
it was the biggest thing that had ever happened to me .
we went sliding all the way around like kids on a flexible flyer , and the next thing i saw was the bright headlights of the police car behind us .
it was the most horrible thing i 'd ever seen .
when the thing finally broke up i felt weak and not at all well .
during the thing with betsy i had come here often to read the poems of john keats and percy shelley .
the worst thing that had happened to ashley and me was our parents ' divorce .
the only thing i could hear was the ringing .
` ` next thing i know , he 's charging me like a bull .
` ` does it make me crazy that i think the end of the world is the best thing to happen to me ? ''
` ` we ' ve decided she needs some serious help , and this should be a daily thing until she gets better . ''
they have that one awful thing in common , and they can help each other get through it . ''
` ` i did n't really understand when you said the end of the world was the best thing to have happened to you , and how it was so close to perfect .
that 's a funny thing to remember about a man , i suppose , but it seems to sum andy up for me .
i have talked to some of the other men who were up there that day - rennie martin , logan st pierre , and paul bonsaint were three of them - and we all saw the same thing then ... felt the same thing .
i have talked to some of the other men who were up there that day - rennie martin , logan st pierre , and paul bonsaint were three of them - and we all saw the same thing then ... felt the same thing .
a terrible thing happened to andy in late march or early april of 1963 .
i know guys sometimes make things up after they know a thing , but even before i knew about this golf pro guy , quentin , i remember thinking that if el blatch ever burgled my house , and i found out about it later , i 'd have to count myself just about the luckiest motherfucker going still to be alive .
and there was one thing in tommy 's story that convinced andy beyond a shadow of a doubt .
of course most of them were pretty slipshod affairs , the sort of thing that ends up with a guard grabbing some poor , sidling slob 's arm and growling , ' where do you think you 're going , you happy asshole ? '
` ` this cousin of yours ... '' ` ` well , it 's kind of a one - upmanship type of thing .
` ` we always run it first thing . ''
hell of a hard thing for ellen .
that was the first thing , the first real thing , but things had been happening in my mind long before that .
if i do n't get some shelter , oh , i ' m gon na fade away ... crolling stones january 5 , 1974 the thing that happened in the shop ' n ' save that day was the only thing that had happened to him in his whole life that actually seemed planned and sentient , not random .
if i do n't get some shelter , oh , i ' m gon na fade away ... crolling stones january 5 , 1974 the thing that happened in the shop ' n ' save that day was the only thing that had happened to him in his whole life that actually seemed planned and sentient , not random .
each can said : maxwell house good to the very last drop it happened so fast that he was n't really scared - not for himself , anyway - but he saw one thing that stuck with him later and came back to haunt his dreams .
with luck and the right progression of judges , we could hold this thing off until next september . ''
and his own eyes saying back , yes , i guess i am , freddy and he and mary started up the stairs , showing charlie their backs , the most dreadful thing a little child can see , and charlie began to wail .
stoptime , january 20 , 1974 well fred this is it i guess put up or shut up time oh i know in one sense it 's too late to shut up i ' ve got explosives strung all over the house like birthday decorations a gun in my hand and another one in my belt like fucking john dillinger well what do you say this is the last decision like climbing a tree i pick this fork then i pick that fork now this now that ( the men frozen in tableau outside in the hallway between seconds fenner in a green suit one foot six inches off the pavement as it steps forward good shoes clad in low fashionable rubbers if there is such a thing as fashionable rubbers his green topcoat flapping open like a crusading attorney in a tv lead - in his head is slightly turned slightly cocked the man in back of him has made some comment and fenner is cocking his head to catch it the man who has spoken has a white plume half out of his mouth this second man is wearing a blue blazer and dark brown pants his topcoat is also open and the wind has caught it stoptime has caught his topcoat in midflap and the third man is just turning from the car and the cops are leaning against their black - and - white with their heads turned to one another they could be discussing anything marriage or a tough case or the shitty season the musties had or the state of their balls and the sun has come through the scud overhead just enough to make a single twinkle on a single shell of one policeman 's assigned equipment said shell pushed through one of many little leather loops on said policeman 's belt the other cop is wearing shades and the sun has pricked out a compass point on the right lens and his lips are thick sensual caught at the beginning of a smile : this is the photograph ) i ' m going ahead freddy my boy do you have anything you 'd care to say at this auspicious moment at this point in the proceedings yes says fred you 're going to hold out for the newspeople are n't you i sure am says george the words the pictures the newsreels demolition i know has only the point of visibility but freddy does it strike you how lonely this is how all over this city and the world people are eating and shitting and fucking and scratching their eczema all the things they write books about while we have to do this alone yes i ' ve considered that george in fact i tried to tell you something about it if you 'll recall and if it 's any consolation to you this seems right right now it seems okay because when you ca n't move you can give them their roadwork but please george do n't kill anybody no not on purpose fred but you see the position i am in yes i see i understand by george i ' m scared now i ' m so scared no do n't be scared i ' m going to handle this and i ' m in perfect control myself january 20 , 1974 ` ` roll it , '' he said aloud , and everything began to move .
' the biggest damn thing that ever happened to this town and i slept through it . '
of course every ? body in the lot knew he was the constable , but there was such a thing as tradition .
' probably i was so keyed up that i hallucinated the whole thing .
to his way of thinking , the only thing more natural than death was sex .
' no customs stamp , that 's a hell of a funny thing . '
but after a week of looking for him and not finding a goddamned thing ben shook his head .
' like that thing in houston two years ago , ' susan said .
matt paid the waitress and said , ' nasty thing that hap ? pened up there .
' and maybe i dreamed the whole thing , but thank god you 're here . '
' the whole thing seems like a madman 's nightmare now , with the light coming in the window . '
' or maybe you fell asleep without knowing and dreamed the whole thing .
' if some ? thing is happening there , it 's real .
plowman did n't say anything , but mrs evans told my mother that she could n't see a thing wrong with the baby ... except it was dead . '
' which leads us to the thing that disturbs me most about this , mr burke 's story aside .
' awful thing , ' she said , her eyes straying to the empty house across the road .
a person from out of town could drive through the lot and not know a thing was wrong .
as mark pushed open -the door and stepped into the room where hubert marsten had committed suicide , some ? thing odd seemed to happen in his mind .
' this is , without a doubt , the most amazing thing that 's ever happened to me in my life , ' he said .
' some ? thing 's different .
no matter what noises or dreadful possibilities , no mat ? ter how awful the unknown , there was an even worse thing : to look the gorgon in the face .
the really sad thing was that i flew better now if i had someone next to me , so while i was happy for some privacy , i also missed a boyfriend 's hand to hold .
the sad thing was that a few years ago i 'd have agreed with shaw .
i knew he was n't spooked by the body , so apparently he was going to use the entire thing as an excuse to stay as close to me as possible .
` ` i ' m not , but i just find this an odd thing in the middle of a murder investigation . ''
they want , very much , to see if the new psychic powers that crispin and the red tiger , alex , gained from you feeding the ardeur was a onetime thing or can be shared with others of their clan . ''
the tiger was running full out , a blur of white and black ; if she hit the surface of me , the least bad thing that was about to happen was i 'd fall on the ground and almost change .
the last thing i saw was edward pulling up a chair so he 'd be beside me and able to see all the doors at the same time .
talking to your girlfriend is one thing ; talking to the press is another .
one thing i noticed in the circling dance we were doing was that truth 's gun in its belt holster showed without the leather jacket .
if it did , it would be the only thing that had gone right tonight .
` ` tomorrow a bad thing will happen , '' robert said .
her own scream as she swept him into her arms , and a nonsense babble : oh god danny oh dear god oh sweet god your poor sweet arm ; and jack was standing there , stunned and stupid , trying to understand how a thing like this could have happened .
finally , scotty 's dad and mom had gotten a divorce over the bad thing , and when danny had known him , scotty lived with his mother and only saw his daddy on weekends .
his daddyhurt almost all the time , mostly about the bad thing .
but i do n't know how you stayed dry after that hatfield thing , jack .
he thought he saw a darker shadow standing by the bus stop a block down , but it was hard to tell if it was a real thing or an eye - trick .
` ` but the thing you got to remember , my boy , is this : those things do n't always come true .
` ` well , ullman fired her on account of her saying she 'd seen something in one of the rooms where ... well , where a bad thing happened .
the last thing be remembered was george holding up the knife and saying : ` ` you better not come any closer- '' and the next thing was miss strong , the french teacher , holding jack 's arms , crying , screaming : ` ` stop it , jack !
the last thing be remembered was george holding up the knife and saying : ` ` you better not come any closer- '' and the next thing was miss strong , the french teacher , holding jack 's arms , crying , screaming : ` ` stop it , jack !
hell , people come and go ... danny was remembering the words of someone else who had worked at the overlook during the season : her saying she 'd seen something in one of the rooms where ... a bad thing happened .
it would almost come as a relief if he would lose it , blow off steam , in much the same way that he went down to the basement first thing in the morning and last thing at night to dump the press on the boiler .
he had imagined the whole thing .
* * * wendy sat in the overstuffed chair by the window with danny on her lap , holding him , crooning the old meaningless words , the ones you never remember afterward no matter how a thing turns out .
breaking danny 's arm had been a terrible thing .
and a strange thing occurred .
it was the way her mother would have thought , that was the really horrible thing .
` ` next thing we 'll be seeing things . ''
it was a disgusting thing , really .
he did n't think such a thing was possible ... in a normal mind .
and sometimes that light , that shine , seemed like a pretty nice thing .
she had come to hallorann in tears , not about being fired , but about the thing she had seen in that second - floor room .
if you looked at -the screen without the special glasses , you saw a double image - the sort of thing he was feeling now .
without danny it was not much more than an amusement park haunted house , where a guest or two might hear rappings or the phantom sounds of a masquerade party , or see an occasional disturbing thing .
perhaps he 'd even seen the whole thing in a nightmare .
wendy had pressed her face against hallorann 's back to cut out the wind , and danny had likewise pressed his face against his mother 's back , and so it was only hallorann who saw the final thing , and he never spoke of it .
` ` oh ... sharks , marlin , whales , that sort of thing . ''
with a little incompetence thrown in for good luck - for bad luck , i mean , please excuse me - but mostly it was just a thing that happened .
wayne said , ` ` you 're the best thing to happen to dewey deck in a long time , man . ''
but the worst thing , the thing he never forgot , was the way her visible eye rolled up to look at him , like the eye of a hog in a slaughtering pen .
but the worst thing , the thing he never forgot , was the way her visible eye rolled up to look at him , like the eye of a hog in a slaughtering pen .
they started to see each other ; in less than two weeks they had a regular thing going .
she chattered incessantly , and later he could remember no one thing she had chattered about ( yes , just one : she had always dreamed , she said , of strolling up fifth avenue on the arm of a handsome young man , a man who was young enough to have been her own son but who was n't ) , but he recalled the walk often just the same , especially after she began to jitter apart like some indifferently made toy .
little by little the lunatic search for a way out was fading into memory , just something that had happened instead of a thing so vivid it brought cold sweat out onto his skin .
it 's a grim thing to be thinking about , especially after so many grim things have already happened ... but i ' m afraid it 's entirely possible . ''
it 's a grim thing to be thinking about , especially after so many grim things have already happened ... but i ' m afraid it 's entirely possible . ''
but oddly , the thing his mind kept returning to was glen bateman 's dream , the man with no face on top of the high building - or the cliff - edge - the man with the red eyes , his back to the setting sun , looking restlessly to the east .
underneath was the certainty that there was no such thing as a fresh start .
when he woke up , the first thing larry was aware of was that he felt good .
he turned first left , then right , and saw the same thing happening in each direction , as far as he could see ... combers , waves , spray , most of all an endless glut of color that took his breath away .
if such a monstrous thing as this had happened for no good reason at all , what sense did anything make ?
no , there never had been such a thing , and now her time was coming to be a part of it and she hated it .
later on in life , you might wish that the good things which all befell in your one special year had spread themselves out a little more , that you could maybe take one of the golden things and kind of transplant it right down in the middle of a three - year stretch you could n't remember a blessed good thing about , or even a bad one , and so you knew that things had just gone on the way they were supposed to in the world god had created and adam and eve had half uncreated - the washing had gone out , the floors had been scrubbed , the babies had been cared for , the clothes had been mended ; three years with nothing to break up the gray even flow of time but easter and the fourth of july and thanksgiving and christmas .
later on in life , you might wish that the good things which all befell in your one special year had spread themselves out a little more , that you could maybe take one of the golden things and kind of transplant it right down in the middle of a three - year stretch you could n't remember a blessed good thing about , or even a bad one , and so you knew that things had just gone on the way they were supposed to in the world god had created and adam and eve had half uncreated - the washing had gone out , the floors had been scrubbed , the babies had been cared for , the clothes had been mended ; three years with nothing to break up the gray even flow of time but easter and the fourth of july and thanksgiving and christmas .
seemed like you lost all the feeling down there in your bladder , and if you were n't careful , first thing you knew you had to be changing your clothes .
i do remember one thing he said , because it was a very vivid image .
i knew this sort of thing could happen - pardon me , would happen - but i guess i only knew it in an academic way .
` ` there are cases of exactly that sort of thing , '' glen said , ` ` but i will admit they are nowhere near as common ... or as easy to prove with the aid of a computer .
in his own way he recognized his madness , and that was the sort of thing mad people did , right enough .
maybe the only thing .
it 's the sort of thing flagg might not expect .
that 's the kind of thing you read about in star weekly ...
and until this summer , i thought that would always be the strangest thing that ever happened to me .
she had felt a moment of fear then , she remembered as she stood looking down at another planchette in the glow of a six - cell flashlight , but her remark to the horse - faced girl had recurred - it was just a game , for heaven 's sake , and what horrible thing could possibly happen in the middle of a gaggle of giggling girls ?
the thing had ended with the housemother coming upstairs to see what was wrong ; nadine remembered , and she had been about to call the infirmary for jane when the girl had managed to get hold of herself a little .
through the whole thing rachel timms had sat on her bed , calm and pale .
redman and andros had n't raised a word of protest between them when harold suggested that the search committee be a weekend and evening sort of thing , which told harold that they accepted it as a closed case , too .
` ` if her depression deepens into a chronic , cyclic thing , she may indeed kill herself , '' the judge said with chilling indifference .
it suddenly occurred to her that the whole thing might have been a hallucination , brought on by her own guilt feelings ... guilt at abandoning the boy , guilt at making larry wait too long , guilt at the things she and harold had done , and the much worse things which were waiting .
it was not a sudden reanimation , life flooding back in a rush , but a slow thing , reluctant , almost sad .
maybe the thing had been nothing but a hallucination .
the judge held on to the steering wheel grimly , trying to pretend there was no such thing as arthritis , and if there was , he did n't have it , and if he did have it , it never bothered him in damp weather .
on the night of september 4 , one day before the contel truck and three days before bobby terry spotted him passing through copperfield , he had camped in new meadows , and a rather unsettling thing happened .
unless you dreamed the whole thing .
that sort of thing did n't happen over here .
it was not a natural thing .
she turned around and there he was , as she had always known he would be someday , a thing as simple as this .
the only thing that did n't fit was there 's always a dozen fuel trucks in the motor pool , and we do n't use them in any particular order .
they were on a long , gradual upslope , exactly the sort of thing he had been looking for .
you just better pray this thing starts . ''
infection 's the most dangerous thing there is , tom .
while they were waiting for dinner to warm up , stu discovered an amazing thing .
what happened to him - where would he go , who would take care of him , if the worst thing in the world actually took place and she died , for good and all died , up in that hotel room ?
carving you will be the first good thing that 's happened to me all day . '
he had come back as if waking from a nightmare - was it not possible that was all it had been , the whole thing , from the carter with his load of fly - crawling meat to the living trees ?
it was magical , that such a thing was possible .
and the second thing was uncle morgan saying , ' hell , i guess you 're right , phil .
and then the thing he had been afraid might happen since the moment he had observed that there were men on the tower now did happen : one of them fell .
he had seen one final thing in this vision , not a large thing , no , but by implication it was the most frightful thing of all : the eyes of the horses seemed to glow .
he had seen one final thing in this vision , not a large thing , no , but by implication it was the most frightful thing of all : the eyes of the horses seemed to glow .
he had seen one final thing in this vision , not a large thing , no , but by implication it was the most frightful thing of all : the eyes of the horses seemed to glow .
the worst thing was in angola ... the rainbird towers ... earthquake ... five men ... me , i did it , speedy , i killed those men when i flipped into this world , i killed them just like my dad and morgan sloat killed jerry bledsoe that time ! '
' is it the usual sort of thing , or were these two bold fellows actually engaged in criminal activity ? '
he thought it a strange thing to see in the chapel of a religious boarding home for wayward boys .
' you aiming to have the same thing happen to your other hand ? '
' next thing he says , andy , break his nose , ' sonny said .
like kids playing basketball was the most ridiculous thing he 'd seen in his whole life .
it 's the best thing , anyway - maybe the only thing - because they wo n't be expecting it .
if the shot had been accurate , he would never have seen another thing , but the arrow whanged harmlessly into the side of the cab .
he supposed he had , because that was exactly what he was planning - it would be the last thing any of them would expect ... and there had been too much , too much , too god - dam much .
richard did , too , but not before he had seen an incredible , blackly comic thing : the alligator - creature had caught the grenade ... and was trying to eat it .
except it was n't ; the whole thing had been an illusion .
9 so , after many weeks , and hard adventuring , and darkness and despair ; after friends found and friends lost again ; after days of toil , and nights spent sleeping in damp haystacks ; after facing the demons of dark places ( not the least of which lived in the cleft of his own soul ) - after all these things , it was in this wise that the talisman came to jack sawyer : he watched it come down , and while there was no desire to flee , he had an overwhelming sense of worlds at risk , worlds in the balance .
' i started writing , and the next thing i knew , liz was telling me it was midnight and asking if i was ever going to come to bed .
once he had it clear in his mind that the beaumonts intended to go through with the thing , digger had settled back to watch - he had as much appreciation for a free show as the next man .
as if to prove that old saw about lightning and how often it strikes in the same place is n't always right , a number of bad things had happened in castle rock over the last eight or ten years - things bad enough to make the national news .
as if to prove that old saw about lightning and how often it strikes in the same place is n't always right , a number of bad things had happened in castle rock over the last eight or ten years - things bad enough to make the national news .
he had survived the first bad thing , a series of rape - strangulations committed by one of his own officers , but two years later he had been killed by a rabid dog out on town road # 3 - not just killed , either , but almost literally torn apart .
about the only good thing which had happened all morning was that norris had finished emptying his stomach before alan got there , and had maintained enough wit to throw up on the north side of the road , away from the body and any evidence there might be around it .
thad felt a shiver go up his spine ... and then a peculiar thing happened .
the only thing i 'd ask is that you keep me in touch , as well . '
in a weird way it seemed to thad that alan was the one who had gotten this thing started , even though the sheriff had only been responding to what stark had already done .
if the two cops assigned to guard phyllis myers had actually been extremely cautious , the whole thing might have struck them as odd .
the blind man was hollering about something which had apparently just happened , and from the look of him , something sure had happened to him , and not a very nice thing , either , but the blood on his skin and clothes had already turned brownish .
watching the twins , his notebook now closed and in his lap , alan noticed an interesting thing : every time william jerked his head up in an effort to stay awake , wendy twitched in her sleep .
the magazine article made it sound as though this was a pretty recent thing , and that just was n't true .
unlike thad , she 'd had no dreams of george stark she could remember , but they might have been there all the same , deep in the fastnesses of her unconscious mind , because this glaring , grinning face seemed almost an expected thing , for all its horror .
it was , in a way , the most hideous thing yet , because under more ordinary circumstances it would have been a smile of genuine pleasure ... and quite a winning one , she suspected .
and he supposed that , sooner or later , he might have to try to make it work the other way ... but that meant trying to call the birds , and that was n't a thing he was looking forward to .
that was the really dreadful thing .
but when stark did it , they giggled merrily , as if this were the most amusing thing under the sun .
i 'd make you pay for a thing like that ... but i 'd make you watch them pay , first . '
he could see no sign of them at all , and it occurred to him that perhaps his overloaded mind had imagined the whole thing .
you do n't think this sort of thing happens every day , do you ? '
and if this ends with me still alive and standing up , that 's the first thing i ' m going to have .
and anne 's voice coming back like a fast serve , her voice so shocked and unbelieving , so affronted that such a thing should have happened to someone her own age , someone young and vital .
her brief thing with johnny - she could not even properly call it an affair - was part of another season now , and she could feel him beginning to slip away from her .
now , i remember one time ... a funny thing , dohay thought , letting the old man 's words flow harmlessly over him , nodding in the right places out of instinct .
apparently it was n't that thing they thought ... false - waking ... after all .
' you have to make some kind of ... of eternal thing out of it , do n't you ?
my mother 's going to be in california for a while on a ... a religious thing .
' we 'll see no such thing , ' weizak said .
he proclaimed the whole thing a cruel and tasteless hoax .
i heard on the radio that your mom had passed away - in some ways that seemed the most unfair thing of all , that your private grief should have been made a thing of public knowledge .
inside view 's ten famous psychics preview the second ford administration , that sort of thing .
on the laurel estates thing there had been an old man out on the back ridgeway road who had n't wanted to sell , and first the old man 's fourteen - or - so chickens had died of some mysterious ailment and second there had been a fire in the old man 's potato house and third when the old man came back from visiting his sister , who was in a nursing home in keene , one weekend not so long ago , someone bad smeared dogshit all over the old man 's living room and dining room and fourth the old man had sold and fifth laurel estates was now a fact of life .
there is no such thing , my man .
there 's no stigma attached to his name because he 's too stupid to be very crooked , although he 'll probably wind up with some mud on him from this koreagate thing .
johnny , who thought the whole thing was strange , agreed .
but i know one thing . '
the ad pointed out that about the same sort of thing had happened to a certain rat - catcher in the town of hamlin .
if i should cancel this thing now , i lose the whole night .
an awful thing has happened to me , and i think now that it may have started a long time before the car accident and the coma .
r : i hope you do n't get the idea that the entire thing was staged for your benefit , young man .
one thing i had to do after a movie that long was take a restroom break .
then a thing happened that had never happened before with any of the other beasts - the tiger began to fade ; like some monstrous version of the cheshire cat , it began to fade in pieces .
you think the same thing will happen with the lions . ''
the first thing i saw was jean - claude sitting on the floor , his white shirt in bloody tatters , blood trickling from his mouth .
` ` but he may be fine , and the shot will guarantee the very thing they do n't want to happen . ''
the sun was warm , and good , not a burning thing .
an odd thing happened : brower dropped his paper and held both hands up and out of reach .
at this point , greer gave me a smile which said that we were both men of the world , lit a cigarette , and remarked , ' there 's always a curse when a thing of this sort happens .
this thing i ' m telling about happened on a saturday .
when mama sweet , the oldest lady in the methodist ladies ' aid , tried to tell her -- at the church supper the previous winter , this was -- that the same thing had happened to her favorite uncle back in ' 73 , my mother clapped her hanks over her ears , got up , and walked out of the church basement .
and i noticed an awful thing ; as the shadow of his head travelled over the bank , the grass beneath it turned yellow and died .
` ` it was the same thing that happened to your brother , gary .
myron and jim had tried by turning the whole thing into a macho charade - if the generator could be fixed , the mist would blow over .
you can see the same thing at any new england town meeting in march .
` ` i think she was right about one thing , '' ollie said .
mrs . reppler , for instance , was convinced the whole thing was a dream - or so she said .
it 's that last thing i wanted to tell you about .
` ` yes , '' she said , and now he saw an even more amazing thing : she had turned away from him , pretending to look out at the street ( which was dozing and deserted in the hot afternoon sunlight ) , so she would n't have to look at the picture .
` ` it was the most awful thing i ' ve ever seen in my life . ''
in a book - one by richard kinnell , for instance - sleep would be out of the question after the sort of thing which had just happened to him .
peter 's good eye shifted past her , toward the thing in the earth , and then back to anderson .
the thing in the woods had stayed on her mind , and the idea that it was some sort of clandestine coffin had grown to a certainty .
it had never worked well for her , that philosophy c in fact , almost every bad thing that had happened to her had its roots in some impulsive action .
gardener saw one thing at once .
not a few too many glasses of champagne at the new year 's eve party where you put a lampshade on your head and boogied around the room with it slipping down over your eyes , everybody in attendance ( with the exception of your wife ) thinking it was just the funniest thing they 'd ever seen in their lives .
the first thing gardener noticed was that the copper tubes were no longer hooked into the tank .
what scared him was how fast his mind had gone to work trying to convince him that none of it was true c that he had hallucinated the whole thing .
is it the thing in the woods you want to show me ? '
gardener looked around at anderson , who might have been drifting in the dark places from which that incredible thing had come .
and the scary thing was how hard it was to get the door shut again . '
this is the biggest , most important , utterly mind - blowing thing that 's ever happened .
next thing , i 'll start having blackouts . '
' the next thing will happen , that 's all i know . '
no , we do n't see anything , we do n't see anything at all , ted , not a thing , you 're right , ted , it 's the nukes or nothing .
next thing you know , he 'll be telling us that old wheeze about the itty - bitty pill you can put in your gas tank and run your car on all day .
maybe the only thing that nit berringer had been right about was his opinion that breathing those fumes could be dangerous and it might be best to stay upstairs until the air in the town - hall basement cleared .
he heard the whole thing c elmer haney 's voice had been slightly raised , and there was nothing wrong with joe 's hearing .
' it was the darnedest thing i ever saw .
and she thought that none of what they said was precisely a lie ... that was the most horrible thing of all .
and as the animals outside looked from pig to man , and man to pig , and pig to man again , it seemed that some strange thing was happening .
maybe it all comes down to the same thing , when viewed from a galactic perspective .
when bobbi was a kid back in utica , seventh grade , they had this thing called junior exhibition .
you wo n't ; if i want a thing to be , if i mean a thing to be , that thing will be ; i am going to haven and i am going to cut a wide swath there .
if she wanted a thing to be , if she meant a thing to be , that thing would be ; so it had been , was , and ever would be , alleluia , amen .
if he could see a thing from three angles , the haven quiz - kids could see it from twenty - three .
having david bright ask him over beers in the bounty if his secret wristwatch was in good working order was hardly the worst thing that could have befallen him .
it was also the most horrible thing of all .
it was bad to feel a thing like that last , but it was there and it was impossible to deny .
of course the whole thing was an illusion c had to be .
last thing the transformer began to pulse a brilliant green for the last time , for a moment or two rivaling the fire .
the last thing last thing the computer screen flashed .
the last thing ... and then ... deliverance ' good word , ' gardener said hoarsely .
he do n't know the coming thing when he sees it . ''
one other thing was remarkably different .
but lies about the sort of thing that had happened that day on the fairview common had a way of coming back to haunt the parents c billy could very clearly remember his father telling him that masturbation would make him stutter .
his mind at rest on the matter of his weight loss , halleck neither weighed himself nor thought much about the matter for another four days ... and then an embarrassing thing very nearly happened to him , in court and in front of judge hilmer boynton , who had no more sense of humor than your average land turtle .
it was stupid ; the kind of thing you have bad dreams about when you 're a grade - school kid .
she might , but my guess is that she wo n't c all she wants to do is forget that the whole thing ever happened , and filling you in about certain details she may have overlooked the first time around would get in the way of that .
in the winter it 's just this dead little town where the ten - twenty - five ferry is the most exciting thing to happen all day .
and , of course , there was the thing , that was happening to william .
and that 's why it 's a good thing i do n't know where to lay my hands on her , because no one knows exactly how things like this get started ; they argue about that and they finally lose the truth altogether if it 's inconvenient , but everybody knows how they keep on keeping on : they take one , we take one , then they take two , and we take three ... they shoot up an airport so we blow a school ... and blood runs in the gutters .
this had not happened because they were evil people ; it had not happened because the old gods were punishing them ; it had happened because they had gotten lost in the woods , that was all , and getting lost in the woods was a thing that could happen to anybody .
the rabbit was very small and cujo was very big , but the possibility of the thing put an extra ration of energy in cujo 's legs .
that was a dreadful thing to be thinking , but it was true .
for a woman - no , for me - that 's a brutal thing to have to face .
it was from a poem by dylan thomas , and she could n't remember the whole thing , but it had been something about moving through dooms of love .
a package for joe camber from j. c. whitney was the most natural thing in the world .
their impulse is to go at this thing like a mafia button man ... or a scared relative burying a cholera victim . '
if she had been alone , that would have been one thing .
it was one of those mysterious things that just happen over a course of years , like the shape of a leaf sinking into a rock .
' one thing you are n't is stupid , brett .
if he took them on his own , it was probably just a crazy spur - of - the - moment thing .
was of his irish setter , but he 'd had rusty put down four years ago , not long after the frank dodd thing .
` ` facing you is probably going to be the most difficult thing for her .
the wretched course of my infection was the most horrifying thing i 'd ever experienced .
working as a cop in the hollywood area , carla had seen and heard a lot of crazy things , but she 'd never heard anything like this .
she 's the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time .
either way , i was sure of one thing : they were gearing up to ` ` save '' me .
jared thought it was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever witnessed .
the cougar sensed another presence besides her two cubs , but i had been doing this kind of thing for years .
it 's a sorry thing to leave your home , and this one 's been good to her .
see , that 's the kind of thing that just keeps on going , century after century , no matter what us puny humans are doin all a - scurry over the surface of the earth .
she walked among them and wondered what god had to do with a tableau like that one , for surely he must know that such a thing existed .
i mean , that 's a beautiful thing right there , she says .
the thing that happened back there , she says .
maybe death is a shameful thing .
maybe so , but it 's one thing to feel like there 's a few rotten things knocking around inside you like some beans in a can .
another thing it does , it pulls tight around the face , which pries open the jaw and gives the dead an expression of wild and outraged laughter .
funny thing about that .
now is n't that a thing to ponder ?
moses lights a cigar and tells of the places he has been , the things he has seen .
interesting thing about the papago , he says .
moses has never heard of such a thing being done , but maybe the monk ignatius has found a way .
and it ai n't the only thing different between you .
he turns to the vestal amata who has watched the whole thing in silence .
just a thing i got to know , he says .
the great one - eyed man continues to speak without recourse to the number who either hear or do n't hear him - as though his story were a fated thing , a toy machine that , once wound , must keep spinning wild on its metal wheels until it finds its own still end .
moses opens his mouth to demur then realizes some thing .
` ` you know , the whole thing .
the second thing , during the very same week , tom died ?
as he knelt on his knees sobbing in the dust , he saw the most unbelievable thing .
but i can tell you one thing , the pond , where he caught that catfish , fell nearly three inches when he pulled it out .
only thing good came out of it , considerable reduced the size of the singletons christmas list .
` ` now stephanie , i just wanted to tell you about a little thing , ah ? a little issue that has come up .
she saw a very strange and horrible thing she had never noticed before .
` ` while you were gone the most wonderful thing happened .
she had loved the whole thing , except for the part when mr . thom had squeezed her neck .
that 's a very odd thing to want to do , actually .
and first thing tomorrow i 'll finally start my first really great painting .
she did nt know why such a thing should bother margaret , so she decided to ignore it .
too bad dave witnessed the whole thing .
coming home late from the office , that sort of thing .
first thing i notice is that i can see my breath , and sure enough , as if my senses were a little slow in waking up , i m struck more fully by the cold .
the fact that i ai nt long woken up in a russian spacecraft - with the last thing i remember being my falling down a hill in the forest - yet kept a steady rate of breathing and stuck to measured thoughts is testament to my cool - headedness .
strange thing is , any drink of water i ve ever had , i ve had to go get for myself , at least since ma left on account of her believing that pa was crazy and that i was turning out no better .
as these speculations ricochet around inside my noggin , battling each other in a grand war of confusion , the second thing happens .
maybe i ' ve been copied and cloned and transported and memory - blanked time and time again , and maybe even somewhere back along the line , i was in on the whole thing .
most interesting thing i ever done did .
on board this place , that kind of thing is easy to forget .
it ai n't the sort of thing that i ever would have hoped or gambled upon happening .
the inevitable 's the one thing nobody escapes , and everybody 's got theirs mapped out by somethin smarter than they are .
the notion comes to my noggin that i could drop down clapped - out for good on to the leaves before i get to the shack , but i tell myself that things do n't happen without no rhyme and regular reason , and there would n't be no rhyme nor regular reason in me getting this far without getting back to pa .
its a hard thing to predict , dearest one , but there are an awful lot of disappointed people here tonight with perfectly good money in their pockets .
to paul things did nt happen in parallel , there was always a connection , and although he could not at his tender age express it , he felt that there was no such thing as an ' isolated act ' , that everything was interwoven , that events were incestuous .
she had tried convincing him with universal truths there s no such thing as bad publicity , when the going gets tough and the like .
the final shot had been a close up of dr . flynchs grave face cast into shadow as he mouthed the question is there such a thing as an isolated act ?
the only good thing to come of it was that bobby hornsby now felt he had done enough .
there s no such thing as a typical birth mother considering adoption .
it was the most horrible thing michelle could imagine .
then it was just one thing after another .
so this fiona comes out of nowhere and asks me to come to this thing for callie .
and then this whole thing , having a baby , out of nowhere it seemed .
i think what she s saying , fiona is , is that at this thing callies going to say who the father is , and its not zam .
the only thing that could go wrong with this lie would be if michelle had told jock the truth .
but julie was cheesed off that the whole thing ever happened .
its only been a couple of days since the shower thing .
i just think its a contemptible thing to put your own selfishness ahead of a babys welfare .
so i thought that i did nt want to hurt one girls feelings so i thought it was a normal thing , like you know , i thought everybody did it .
but that s not the normal thing .
that thing in the bell tower .
this whole thing seems strange to me .
i went back over the entire meeting in my mind as i got junior juniors truck headed back to town , and strangely , about the only thing that stood out in my mind pertained to the mayors comment about the preacher being onto something .
then tomorrow , first thing , i would call the mayor and set up a time and place for a private meeting .
chapter eighteen the whole thing was becoming surreal .
moving on , and mostly for the sake of the younger folks , i should probably mention to you that soon all the baby boomers are going to start lining up for social security payments , and the really interesting thing is that our government spent the money in lieu of having to raise taxes to cover government expenditures over the previous years .
no matter what morning news channel i flipped to , they all reported the same thing .
ill never forgive myself for missing the whole thing !
he himself was an ex - marine , in fact a sniper , an armenian , a fine linguist and musician , and a photocopying clerk , also responsible ( in theory at least ) for putting on the coffee in the office , first thing in the morning .
sad thing is , we might have to sell this car .
the only thing that could have made it better was if claims had been there but again , nothings perfect .
heres the thing : i m in charge of coming up with the questions for this years survey .
i knew this thing was far from anonymous and i was probably screwed , but oh well .
the thing that was sad about this was that he was nt joking .
louie had hoped that it was just a dream and that he would have forgotten about the whole thing .
the really amazing thing was it soon became apparent that nobody could see me !
if any thing goes wrong and we get separated i suggest we make it a rule to make our own way back through the wall .
the wonderful thing is it really does appear to be quite safe for us to do it again .
i think tomorrow morning first thing we should go through the quartz to the village and see if we can glean any information from the community notice board .
as soon as pearl and lulu commenced the journey , a truly remarkable thing happened .
one other thing lulu , louies grin had turned to a serious sort of frown .
tiger and lily were looking up expectantly at their parents wondering what exciting thing would happen next .
the only thing is getting dressed up ; you know what they are like there louie .
for one thing the digger operator may be confused as to why he has nt progressed with the digging of the trench and secondly he will probably wonder why half of the piping has disappeared !
the most amazing thing was that there were two hundred calves instead of two hundred cows !
the remarkable thing about this was that he asked everyone in the common room to write their suggestions onto small slips of paper and to put them into a bag , one of which would then become his new surname ; this coming from a boy who d rarely spoken in the five years that i d known him .
i was too young to appreciate the oddness of the whole thing , morris says .
the cyndi thing , a fiasco .
that whole thing with me getting married , man he shakes his head .
that whole thing i was just showing you , the red thread , man , n.j . says .
and they loved me , man , said i was the best thing that s happened to their daughter since yale .
the ddbs are laughing quietly but so hard that they pass by raoul ; not noticing that he was leaning against a wall watching the whole thing .
while speaking about a good feeling to it , i can tell you one thing that does nt , kaboom and mean mike as a tag team .
this dropped cc to one knee and as he was trying to shake off the cobwebs , when rage grabs him from behind and tried to execute his finisher migraine but before he can drop big double c on his head , cc used his impressive strength to straighten up and lift the shocked rage into a military press and tossed him over the top rope for the victory . > crowd control won the whole thing !
i probably have , and i d much rather look at the real thing than read a poem about it .
sam smiled as though this kind of thing was old hat to him .
mr . abernathy would you the thing was , it was all in good fun until she got the troopers to come and take me to a hospital where they filled me so full of drugs i did nt know what was happening .
that mashed potato thing happened before i was hired so she could nt blame me or she would have .
besides , juan was a real hypochondriac and was super sensitive , always getting hives from every little thing .
the only bad thing about their departure had been that jipson seemed relieved to see them take a week off , and before they left , he talked of nothing but how much better the two , new dishwashers were .
in the midst of fighting the wheel to control the truck , a terrible thing happened .
funny thing was a lot of rocks in the mountains of southern arizona look like potatoes when you get right down to it .
besides , falling was n't the worst thing that could happen anymore .
the only thing she could see was her and her sister kari , laughing as they twirled each other around .
its a handy thing i came , or you would be a goner , girl .
from that odd reaction , i can predict only one thing .
such a funny thing .
if her sister wanted to pull out all the stops , the next thing she 'd tangle with would be that .
i will change it first thing when we wake up , he yawned .
that s a horrible thing to think .
well , too bad that whole you re out of lost secret thing happened .
one thing led to another , and it got a little late .
` ` this kind of thing is for video games , it should n't be for real life .
he had never even heard of such a thing .
next thing he knew it was morning .
strangely , he found it comforting , the first spontaneously normal thing he had experienced in a long while , a sensation visceral and yet within comprehension .
was there really such a thing as a lover of the year award in france ?
i began to wonder if this was , indeed , really maggies house when the most amazing thing happened the front door of the house opened and though no one appeared at first , it was unmistakeably maggies voice thundering out authoritatively yet still managing to sound posh , to the moustachioed gardener , to make sure you water the gardenias .
the next thing i knew , i woke up inside a room with high ceilings that was made up to look exactly like a pharaohs palace in ancient egypt .
i saw a head , a torso with arms , that sort of thing .
at least , i was pretty sure we had done those things because the only thing i really remembered was leaning heavily against him as we were leaving the bar , and then nothing after that .
to my great relief , i saw no such thing ; just the white van with petra sitting in the drivers seat and a bunch of swat team guys and a few uniform police officers milling about .
i think a strange thing 's happened to me .
this was an opinion did not please him greatly as he had always thought they liked him because he was sexy and that to be called nice was probably the worst thing that could happen to you .
it had ended as these things often did with tonys dad , with him telling the head how he had fought a bloody war for buggers like him and now he was denying his son a place in his lousy posh school .
you know , whiskey , brandy , gin , vodka and that sort of thing .
listen to me you treacherous little git , he breathed in waynes ear , if this car ever goes missing i will be round to your house first thing and i will hotwire you to the bloody mains .
tony then had to go out to the church hall where cecs team was working and go through the whole thing again .
first thing you will be moving office in a couple of weeks .
i guess they did nt out of revenge about the cheryl baxter thing .
well the first thing we knew we heard her say to him about where were the other nine fags , i suppose she included the two that he owed her .
next thing i know , he s flat on the ground .
the first thing that came to him was the man in the car with blond hair , driving to the beach .
they assigned sentries to guard the pasture fences first thing in the morning .
its this thing in the states .
its their favorite thing besides christmas , frank settled back into his seat and pulled off his coat , hey , i think i stopped bleeding !
i m still upset about that thing earlier , frank pawed at the door handle , not able to move it at all .
i want that grand mariners fire special thing .
the most exciting thing that had happened in town in the last 20 years was when mildred fussblot put new shingles on her house in 1869 ( which turned from brown to grey in a few days ) .
several days went by , and each day the townspeople noticed that the same thing would happen .
and i can expect things to happen on their farms .
we checked every opening out of the canyon right up to its end , but did n't find a thing .
` ` if you think , '' he said to mitch hotly , ` ` that i ' m going to go out and get shot by some rustler or trampled by some dumb cow , you ' ve got another thing coming ! ''
meanwhile , the women of the ladies aid all thought the whole thing was ridiculous and that all of the men were acting silly -- especially sheriff mitch .
in the wings were waiting a couple of reporters from one of the magazines , waiting to interview us as the next big thing .
i started to sing , and it felt like the most natural thing in the world .
although i did see this thing online about some guy who made a robot companion from a sex doll , but apparently he programmed it to be ladylike .
sarah had sent a meeting request for first thing tomorrow morning to go over the next round of videos for the website .
its great to see you on here , a little unexpected , i just joined and find the whole thing a little surreal .
actually , i know i should be mad but i find the whole thing seriously hilarious .
the whole thing still felt surreal .
its not for sure a permanent thing , but i really enjoyed myself in italy .
the thing that s hilarious .
after all , i was his best mate and you did nt do that sort of thing to your best mate .
i d also heard of that sort of thing happening .
the whole thing was rounded off beautifully by mrs payne delivering a sharp clip to the back of ians head with her usual unerring accuracy .
at this she turned back to address the rest of the students still standing there quietly before her , their faces upturned , determined not to miss a thing , the blood - thirsty little savages .
ever since the naked - in - the - window thing , sister francis had decided that i was someone who definitely needed watching .
i was so wasted through the whole thing .
the strange thing that happened to me will astound you , i know , but not as much as it astounded me when it happened .
the last thing i expected was a spread of naked men with erect penises .
it had been a bi - weekly thing until moos stardom hit and her mother forced her out of our apartment ( and college ) .
the last thing i remembered was free - falling to the cold slush - covered sidewalk , caught right before my head smacked the ground by my scarf and suit and tie guys quick reflexes .
the last thing i remember was drifting off to sleep ; his hand on my foot .
there was a general uproar at this ; mostly because it was just a family thing and because the teams would be uneven .
if such a thing was at all possible .
until the whole crazy thing happened .
it was perhaps the single most distressing thing father jeffrey had ever seen .
nice of you to finally join us ; its not as if this little thing we ve all shown up on time for is of any importance , said the first voice .
this is the most ridiculous thing i ve ever been a part of .
we need to stop the whole thing before the throne thing is even done , but if we do nt , we at least have to stop the seating .
her attention was drawn back to the sky and to the thing that ketty had nt noticed .
one thing leads to another .
so what was number seventy - two , this thing that led you to me ?
what a wondrous thing , he thought .
the water is brown because of the plant life at the bottom of it , along with roots and things like that , dad said .
the last thing i wanted was for my dad or janet to come down to the outhouse in the morning and see the souvenir i d left behind .
the first thing i noticed was that janet was nt next to me .
immediately , my mind was filled with thoughts of what chuckle - inducing thing i could have done there last night in the pitch dark .
seemed like a pretty common thing in this town .
the first thing i saw was janet with both hands over her mouth .
in fact , i wrote in it first thing when i got up this morning .
the first thing in the morning , i d ask my mom for a stamp and then i d run to the corner mailbox and mail the letter .
okay , so she 'd planned the whole thing , but that was n't the point .
the worst thing that could happen would be for you to pork up to three hundred pounds again .
chapter 15 ` ` mr . moore said i was to call this number first thing this morning . ''
she 'd look up agents ' addresses on the net first thing monday morning and create an email blizzard with her queries .
the olympics are the best thing that could happen to the east end .
the olympics are the worst thing that could happen to the east end , jimmy .
it looked like it only existed for running boxes from the street to the store rooms ; taking deliveries on sack barrows , that sort of thing .
the best thing that ever happened to me was seeing total recall when i was eight .
he ca nt have seen a thing .
it was what caused the whole being locked out thing in the first place .
that s the last thing i remember ...
next thing i know he s sitting bolt upright , fresh as a morning lark .
the last thing i d want to find would be jimmys decapitated body corroding all my tapes .
sometimes i feel like i ' m walking a tight rope the only thing is , i do n't know how to do it but i understand if i stop or look down or think about it , then i 'll fall . ''
she did n't want the boys seeing that sort of thing and having nightmares .
` ` the most interesting thing was the proposal for a huge property development out on the washburn land .
he 's only twelve years old after all , and if some other twelve year old sitting in a trading desk somewhere i do n't know where , london , tokyo , wherever clicks on ' dependable ' instead of ' defendable ' , and our share price goes through the roof , andy wu would be the greatest thing since sliced bread .
i stayed overnight and came back first thing .
` ` the thing is , it 's not only about the weather , the seasons as such .
rob must be the best thing that 's happened to her for a long time .
it would have been the most natural thing in the world to hold hands now , but they resisted the urge .
a goblin covered with food scraps and various refuse was n't the funniest thing ever , but still pretty amusing .
do n't fall on a knight either , because an armour is a really uncomfortable thing to fall on , and the bit about the swords still applies , especially if he has friends around .
what was that rose thing yesterday ? ''
this time the only thing he got were a few bumps on the head when he forgot to duck in doorways .
now , if he leaves universal whirligig on his own , that s one thing ; termination is quite another .
i have done the same work i always did , and the one thing i thought that job preformance would protect me from has happened the big boss hates me .
that the most unheard - of thing zola ever hear of .
only thing is it did nt say what you said it did , brick .
and i m presuming you re a fellow hero on the way to this gathering thing ?
got so distracted by the thing they forgot to go in .
were looking at you because that s exactly the kind of thing we ve been looking for .
it would be the final thing hugo cortizone would ever see .
spiritwind wondered if they needed temporary stewards at such a thing .
` ` you could always ask her at this ceremony thing ? ''
let me advise you of a wery sure thing in the second at mahalaxmi racecourse on wednesday .
its ok , this thing , really , for it was only money , i am thinking , arden lied , while unwittingly slipping into the linguistic style of his interlocutor .
uncomprehending children who had never before witnessed such a thing as ishmails blood - engorged genitalia , they were the ultimate target , declared an often - heard , rasping voice located somewhere at the back of his brain .
the next thing she knew , she was doing the sexy bartender like shed been trained at the bunny ranch in nevada .
but if there was one thing jaya was good at , she could fake it til she made it .
then max did the unexpectedthe one thing alec was completely unprepared for .
ricca and i did nt see you for ages because of that thing .
it had only been a week and a half since they d started seeing each other , but it was already an automatic thing .
odd thing though , after he sold me the swine , he immediately went outside and handed the coin over to a man in a white suit .
my name is gabriel goldhand and i must say that was the finest thing i have ever witnessed , he uttered from between his rosy , flapping cheeks .
next thing i know , she s digging at my dress and tears a big hole in the side .
i ca nt tell you how complimentary people were of the whole thing .
it was not a happy thing to see , another shop closing in sooty stoops , but maybe it could work to the perfects advantage .
even snoots offered an offhand compliment , that was nt the worst thing i ve seen , mr . hornberger .
there were several points of absolute hilarity , and quite a few of moving dialogue , and the crowd loved the entire thing .
they saw smith and many of the other ill so - sos at several of their performances , but other than noticing them talking to various townsfolk , there was not a thing out of place .
it 's the best thing ever .
isabella , ca n't you stop this thing ?
it 's yet another bryn mawr tradition and apparently it 's very important to sharon that i go to this thing .
it 's not just the disappearing thing .
maryann , while not thinking of the same thing as leah , was making the same observations .
there 's this peach festival thing .
i do n't know if crow jinx knows enough magic to detect that kind of thing , isabella replied .
and sure , it 's probably creepy and weird to hear dead people and see things no one else can , but now you know there are at least five other people in the world who treat that as a perfectly normal thing .
the thing you were talking about this morning ?
good lord , what time does this thing start ?
he 's a big fan of us winning this thing so he can use the basement again .
okay , not sure what she meant by a thing outside the fires , but it 's obvious the veil is thin , maryann said .
so , um , are we going to check out the thing outside ?
i ' m pretty freaked out and this is n't even the weirdest thing i ' ve ever seen .
this may be the weirdest thing i ' ve ever seen , nora said to leah .
people come to this thing like they would the world series , leah said .
oh , good , well , i ' m glad that 's one thing i wo n't have to hear about .
the last thing i remember was looking at some dice for my son .
so maybe it was n't a bad thing i got burnt out , he said with a laugh .
before jack knew what had happened , the two rounded a corner and found themselves suddenly facing the most frightening thing that jack had ever seen in his life .
walking over to the computer screen , jack saw the last thing in the world that he would have expected .
the same thing happened to the roof shingles that had been repossessed by lane roofing , and the window shutters that had been repossessed by shifty shutters .
that was the last thing shap could remember before he woke in the back of the squad car .
mike sensed the workers dealt with this kind of thing routinely .
like this is the funniest thing he has ever seen .
no doubt he s scheming , but this alan thing probably rattled him .
this is the type of thing books get written about .
as i said , thatthat thing took her to a separate dimension .
* * * shadow the first thing i assumed when i awoke was that i was having a nightmare about that unspeakable time xavier held me captive in his cell .
its a one - time thing , she warned .
he was on his feet along with his two other copies , and that was the only good thing i could say about his state .
yet another thing to make them pay for .
the second amazing thing was that the seat beside santa , plus the two rows of seats behind him and all of the seats in the trailing sleighs were filled with ... what ella could only imagine as being elves , little people , all dressed individually in very bright clothing .
or was he imagining the whole thing ?
and then he describes some awful ritual thing maurice winked at his female companion , who looked instead to wayne to finish his story .
next thing i hear they ve given the job to some pup who earned his stripes in haiti last year .
he told me something to the effect that if i got in the way of american interests in the region i d be shot by friendly fire , or some such thing .
i hoped it was a thing of the past in bomi .
dexter responded , shocked at the prospect of such a thing in such a sleepy , pleasant place .
anyway , the next thing i know , its a un matter and i ve got a diplomatic headache on my hands .
` ` ' how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man 's eyes . ' ''
the thing that hamish gave the final push to leave , is murky ; but it happened on the night a violent brute crashed into levin 's car .
and then i got up ; did a few stretches , touched toes , sort of thing ; got tired of that soon enough and spent the next fifteen minutes fumbling with my clothes trying to put them on .
we talked of that bobsleigh thing on tv and all sorts of silly nonsense .
he did nt even say anything , just shook his head and looked at the two boys beatin each other like it was nt the same thing he saw every fuckin day .
that s the best thing i ve seen in about six months .
he concentrated on two distinct chords , playing them in succession so that the overall thing repeated every two bars .
the same thing happened to his sink in his big pink room .
on that night they spoke to him somewhat unusually ; but not an unwelcome thing .
within ninety seconds levin could sense there was something odd crrsshhh some thing to check out nematode -chssshhhshh - crk calling charlie , do you read airplane reading fivehundredrpm six minutes until take off .
one thing led to another and in their early twenties they married .
but there s just one thing i m glad about .
in the absence of grey , who had taken folklore to visit his favourite chemical supplier ( the criterion of favouritism was based on the quality of the lunch , according to grey ) , he showed it to mr happy who ordered him to prepare a demonstration for the senior management first thing on monday morning .
safety guards all in place and that sort of thing . ''
you know the sort of thing , someone promises you something over the phone - send them a memo confirming it .
the controller carried a three amp fuse and yet , the catastrophic failure had to have been caused by a heavy overload , more consistent with the sort of thing he had seen on large electrical plant .
how is such a thing possible ?
the next thing i know , here i am .
and if i do n't do something right now -- the next thing i knew the taller of the two grunted , staggered then fell limp .
that was the last thing i hear before he , too , fell down .
maybe we did n't imprison her , maybe i did figure out she was n't my intern , but at that time she seemed so trustworthy and i swear we had a nice thing going that it did n't matter to me anymore .
and what s my favorite thing to do ?
the first thing she thought was there was a problem with one of his tenants .
was earth the only place that these kinds of things happened ?
do you think the same thing will happen here ?
that s the worst thing that could have happened .
when they got home he imposed a rule , a thing he rarely did .
he insisted that it was the sort of thing in which the police marocaine used to screech to a halt outside ricks bar in casablanca .
the thing that surprised the horse on this particular saturday night was that lorenza returned to the haywain stone cold sober , not wishing to drink for fear of forgetting any detail of what she had witnessed that evening during a performance at the municipal theatre where she had paid a perra gorda to see a stage demonstration of hypnotism by a travelling doctor who had learnt the secrets of the power of suggestion during a voyage of discovery to the indian sub continent .
to hear my mother swear was as likely a thing as finding out that dad was opening a school of charm and deportment .
smiled sir rupert as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
that s one thing sir rupert is not .
its no such thing .
it can never equal the feel of that lovely body at your side first thing in the morning .
that s the funny thing , vicar , i jabbed at him a couple of times and.and .
mind you , i do not for one moment say you should make a habit of this sort of thing .
now , there s an odd thing .
i think he called it hubert , dickie was still packing , when that maniac gets his hands on me ill be lucky to get away alive , but i know one thing .
tuesday passed quietly into night , the only thing of note to occur was that clarence elicited the information from gilmore that lord haddington had not suffered any of his periods of indisposition for some days now .
then , one thing led to another , and we had to take a plane to leave cayman . ''
the first thing that struck drade during his day of study in leicester square was that he had found it immensely difficult to nail down quite how and where the theory had originated .
well , there was something in readers digest , or something , which included loads of anecdotal evidence for global cooling you know , when i was a lad we did nt need long trousers , it was so warm and that sort of thing , but nothing firmer ; and national geographic did a big dramatic spread on core samples , which seemed to suggest a cooling trend , but the models they used were all over - simplified and useless .
yes , said a pensive belter , funny how often that sort of thing happens : the illiberal liberal , the elitist socialist , the totalitarian democrat .
but professor cabots the next best thing , the editor returned to his work and then looked up .
wandering down an aisle of people was nt natural for a chap , he reflected ; it was the sort of thing brides did at weddings , whereas the groom , nervous , afraid , sullen in some cases , hung - over in most cases , was already in position at the foot of the bar .
ken , he pleaded , i agree with suzzie ; this kind of thing is really not on ; you make a deal , you have to stick to it .
one thing he had learnt in politics was that , with the exception of being booted out of office , the very last thing representatives wanted to happen was to be forced to account for the decisions they had made .
on the other hand , if they ignored their constituents , and did whatever they liked , and opinion turned against them , the same thing would happen .
then i went to paul , informed him of the situation , and the last thing i saw was paul and suzzie templer up on stage with the left footers dancing the night away , with all the other people below .
no such thing as migrating pigs .
that was the last thing i saw for a long , long time .
the third thing i saw that worried me was a sign on the wall beside the door / come stairway .
type of thing , right ?
old campfires with skeletons around them , that sort of thing .
stop the sudden family - marriages type of thing from happening .
the odd thing was henna did n't seem at all disturbed by that .
oh , the honor of the regiment , all that sort of thing .
not only was such a thing unheard of these days , but it was producing something else unheard of : cars .
sure thing , me hearty lover !
and then , with the passage of time , he noticed a curious thing .
and in one quiet little church house , a religious leader watching the whole thing on tv just laughed and laughed and laughed .
about a week into his vacation a very strange thing happened .
when she closed her eyes the first thing she saw was ruperts fangs .
the next thing you know you re waking up with blood on your neck and cold vampire sausage in your mouth .
a virgin at eighteen is nt such a rare thing , even these days .
actually , it was nt that strange at all considering this kind of thing always happened in stories .
i suppose that s one good thing to come out of that miserable part of the world .
the same thing happened with rupert , and candy was quick to point this out .
the next thing candy knew , there was an iron grip squeezing her throat as she was ripped away from jimmy .
the next thing she knew she was in the passenger seat of his car .
the same thing happened with other channels , the remote was nt working after the white light flashed onscreen .
the next thing i know virg was patting me on the cheeks and yelling at the stewardesses to get me some water from the plane .
let me just tell you that the strangest thing you ll ever see in your life is the urinals in a government building .
bea can just one - off a saying out of nowhere and next thing you know you re on a floor covered in black reams of paper , with dots of fake blood on it , laughing until your side hurts .
the entire hotel was being evacuated even though caiaphas started the whole thing on the thirteenth floor .
oh , and this is the funniest thing .
however , if you take the same situation and do it on stage with friends , suddenly it 's the most epic and entertaining thing in the world .
although it would nt be as embarrassing to walk into st . calvin klein one day and see a holy chip of floor tile , rather than the whole thing , i did nt think that i would want to kiss the holy floor tile during assembly after i had walked on it .
geez , i asked about this kind of thing .
first thing tomorrow morning , ill drive to orlando , pick up something to find hidden transmitters .
the only thing that makes sense is ray going there to drop this thing off .
long lasting hazards , that kind of thing .
and the only thing you ll see is the ugly , slimy monster coming at you on the tv screen , darrin added with a spooky grin .
and i wondered if this was a common thing ?
okay , darrin tried again , superkid he patted his fearless friend on the shoulder , fought the spider and remembers the whole thing .
was nt the first time a thing like that had happened either .
but if there s one thing were learning in this issue its that you should nt judge a book by its cover .
he tried to imagine a chain of events that might have led to his room being vacated , who the last tenant had been , where the furniture was being stored , but he had never been very imaginative , not in a logical sequence one thing leading to another way , so he dropped it .
yes sir , it was an oversight on my part that i will sort out first thing monday morning .
what will i tell lynseys mum when she rings up at ten , as she does every night , to see to it that just this sort of thing does nt happen ?
and the thing that gets me , emily said later in the vatican canteen in a hush , it was nt at all overwhelming like i thought it would be .
oh , hannah said , egged on by aprils heroic vision of their missing charge , and what sort of thing would find her out then ?
last thing i heard , she was in the loo fighting off the aftershock of last nights pasta sauce .
i suppose kates around here somewhere , emily said , laying in wait , just waiting for the right moment for her grand entrance , a baby hanging from each nipple and a basket full of dirty washing under each arm , fag hanging limply from her mouth and hair wrapped up in a kerchief thing women in italy used to wear in the war to show they were mucking in with the war effort , doing their part by under - dressing .
kate , i ve just seen the strangest thing , emily sang out and dumped her things back onto the table she had left twenty minutes before , plonking herself down onto her seat .
you have these authors like byron who make physical familiarity out to be some amazing , soul - consuming , meaning of life , like an end - of - the - world thing , and its not like that .
quinn reclined on the blanket with his head resting on my lap as though it was the most natural thing in the world , and i stroked my fingers through his hair .
ca nt we get through this one thing ?
then , as though it were the most natural , expected thing in the world , he crossed the room to where i stood and kissed me .
you probably wo nt get away with invoking her unstable psychological condition and claiming she imagined the whole thing .
but the strangest thing about this phenomenon , and something which i take pains to point out when describing it to my young male students , is this .
i quote : by the way , a rather strange thing happened on the way home from the meeting last night .
doing that thing with the cute - speak where he forgets how to say his ` ` r '' s. and never , ever , ever mention accents around alex .
since the farmer 's market thing was my idea , i felt a little possessive of it and responsible for it .
next thing you ll be telling me you need an appraisal !
warmest regards , dave ( your only son and future ceo of marsdon enterprises ) sitting there in a daze , derek did nt know what had happened in his kids busy life to cause what seemed like a dramatic change , but he did know one thing .
jasons arrival had been a short lived thing .
firstly , he had no idea what a metro thing was , and certainly was nt going to ask this particular shop assistant .
its just that i thought ... laura , this is the best thing that could have happened to me .
the last thing he wanted was for lucy to think him creepy .
that made me wonder if the same thing could happen here .
the thing is , he s not feeling very sociable at the moment .
but the funny thing was , lucy said , his parole officer did nt own a cat .
he steeled himself for franks greeting , reminding himself that in this public setting , the worst thing frank could do was throw his coffee at him , and the coffee at these places was always lukewarm anyway .
the only thing that will prevent it , will be if the patient changes her mind about going to ... the hospital .
next thing you ll be saying , its not you , its me .
out of everything you ve done , that s the only thing i do nt blame you for .
we know exactly why such an apparently impossible thing occurred , and the explanation is extremely simple and totally logical .
if there s one thing great beings hate , its being bossed about by teenage girls , especially when they display hints of a triumphant smile .
she knew that what happened in the past could provide no absolute guarantee of the same thing happening in the future , even if perg did nt .
this sort of thing happens a lot when you re a travel writer with a book contract .
maudlinville , in nearby mountebank county , is often mentioned by people in atlanta as a you must go , sort of day - trip , but when you get to maudlinville , there is nt a blessed thing to do , and so you turn around , and head back to atlanta .
while munching on something called sweet cracklins ( basically a hunk of potato bread dipped in turbinado sugar from a specific township in barbados and then fried in peanut oil ) at hardscrabble , i struck up a conversationbecause , you know , these things happen to you all the time , in the middle of the day , when you re a travel writerwith a drag queen , who was planning on a revival of the legendary bananas foster revue , cat got your tongue ?
none of this really helped me understand crabby mikes history , but its the kind of thing that can really concentrate the mind away from a typical drizzly vancouver sunday , and that s all i needed .
the school had bought the old heffernan poultry processing plant in wrestling hill , and was now using the giant refrigerated spaces to store historical things , like candle - snuffers , fire - bells , and old troop - shipsthat sort of thing .
well , ill tell you rons working on a number of things ; he s been pondering whether she should nt just try to spin slavonian as moravian and just promote that whole thing simple religious folk move here from the old country , like in winston - salem .
the second thing was that the russell crowe look alike was staring at her exactly the way i had been staring at him only moments ago , and i was suddenly almost ashamed of myself .
he continued on right into the traffic in the busy street and the last thing we heard was a honking horn , the screech of tires , and a muffled thump .
come on now , said shallow lucy , can you name one , single thing this man has done that has seemed even remotely normal ?
sorry , i , erm ... thought you were my friend julian , he s erm ... six foot , dark hair , erm ... with a beard thing ...
the next thing i am being bear hugged .
perhaps the stove is acting out of compassion , or some kind of stubborn if you think you re cooking that crap in me , you ve got another thing coming .
the next thing i feel her unbuttoning my shirt and the warmth of her hands on my chest .
next thing , we 're both on this bad trip . '
their tell - tale smells were only to veil the underlying lurid things that took place behind closed doors .
first thing monday morning , the dugan brothers and abernathy went to the bank .
martin tried to forget that he d brought an entire keg of beer to bens birthday thing back in june .
so how many people have you got coming to this thing , anyway ?
that was actually a thing .
that seems like the kind of thing that might cause hilarity to ensue , if you know what i mean .
the other thing that s happening is that , while my average word count per day dropped over the course of the month in 2012 , this time around it stayed boringly consistent .
it went on and on , with the same thing happening repeatedly , it was like watching a short film on a loop .
not as a usual thing , i do nt , he answered .
well , one of them tattled and the next thing i knew , laferty was bein told to leave and never come back .
or maybe were just imagining the whole thing .
bill let him go on for a few sentences before blowing the whole thing off as another hallucination .
chapter 20 to : god c / o scribe cc book of records last entry supreme being : that thing with the flying fruit was not my idea .
me stomach does nt set well with that sorta thing .
the thing that tops it all off , though , is that i had my hearing aid tuned all the way to mute tonight when this man , abraham , took the stage .
he s on the news tonight saying he do nt think we got any dealins in this miracle thing .
anna knew she could just run out in the street in front of the car , and the whole thing would be over .
he had been so close , and then the 10,000 to 1 thing had happened .
scotilly said she wants me to do the costumes for this thing , and i assume she was serious .
the next thing we know for sure is that richard has three phone calls , starting about 11 pm , with a polite guy that has an english accent , and a woman that sounds crazy and threatens to chop off our friends heads .
this going to be a regular thing , i hope ?
and then there was the hitting stirg in the head with the butt of a gun thing .
when they entered the building the first thing the clientele noticed was that only three of the four guys had tats .
anna was glad shed missed the mishima thing .
but this thing that was happening now , turning off the interstate and heading down a back road into the pine scrub , still with the six eyes on her thighs , this was the real kidnapping deal .
the second thing she saw , against the far wall , was richard tied to the folding army cot .
all three of the nns thought this june thing a comin joke was getting old .
jack watches the whole thing curiously .
one thing led to another , and two springs later i ended up spending a lot of my saturdays and sundays playing in a shriner band .
then another thing he did was he showed me some alternate positions with the slide that i might use to play a few of the fastest screamers .
it was a yearly springtime thing in most of the towns in southern arizona to have a shriner circus .
yeah , i said sheepishly , looking around self - consciously to see if anyone was noticing the embarrassing thing that was happening to me .
this is the funniest thing ever !
i could barely play ; the whole thing was so crazy .
during the whole thing , i was still playing .
the first thing that i saw that i could describe was a bastard dragging a mountain man beside him , screwing his knobby hand into the mountain mans hair and clouting him on the head with a banged - up bugle several times as they wrestled in front of a dentists office .
a wheezy man , watching the whole thing , doubled over laughing and got kicked in the shins .
he swore up and down that i should never worry that the thing happened because i was drunk .
i do nt remember it too clearly , but the big facts i have right , because the whole thing was written up in some newspapers , including our local paper .
moses said it was a shame , a crying shame , but i ought not to blame myself , and he was there to see the whole thing that happened .
moses said it was , but he said i ought not to blame myself , and he was there to see the whole thing happen .
from his mothers tone , he sensed the letter thing was behind him too .
other than the whole statue thing , i did nt have a clue about what her face looked like , though her hair was chestnut , bobbed enough to expose a long thin silver neck .
all this proved to me that whatever one envisions for an evening on a date is the one thing that definitely wo nt happen .
i m thinking we were still in sync , in a simple way , aside from the hair thing .
she said , god , what an unbelievable thing , finding the music in the desk .
the first thing that s going to happen is that tons of people are going to want to know about finding the score .
nev had seen this thing on the ballet websites he had been looking at recently .
the ps hoped for the same thing nev did .
what s the schedule for this thing , gwenny ?
that s the sort of thing that catches my attention .
chapter 28 the team forms up first thing the next morning , while having coffee , gwen called each team member and told them to be at the hall at 10 am ; the whosey had arrived and she was bringing him to meet them .
maybe some group , like the costume dyers\cutters , had been on strike , and maybe they had yelled at her that she was a management tool , a suit , but that likely had been the worst thing she had experienced in her former career .
anna found the whole thing bizarre , but the crowd erupted in applause and cheers .
all the others had gotten the euro double peck thing ( such a joke ) , but not the whosey .
what you need to do , what you are going to do , is figure out how to make this thing happen , here in saint petersburg .
gergievs head had a tennis match going on inside , swinging left to right , right to left , from , are these guys crazy to , is this thing real and am i going to do something momentous ?
roger , more used to this sort of thing coming from gwen , was past it quickly , and into the details of the caper .
the same thing happened every year .
they threw him in the creek , played ball with his shirt , wrestled him to the ground , but left him unhurt so that by the summers end , there was hardly a thing we had n't done to him .
ok , what was the most ridiculous thing that i ' ve seen ?
that was about the craziest thing i ' ve ever seen , willie said first .
i do n't know about the craziest , but it sure was the most ridiculous thing i ' ve witnessed in a long time .
i saw a thing on it on channel nine last night .
the whole thing just happened in the last few days .
but the thing is you only get married once ( laughs ) , though in mikes case the over / under is at two and a half .
it was , for any baseball fan , truly a thing of beauty , almost a religious experience .
i mean i met blair and that was a huge thing in my life .
meanwhile , papa smurf was sitting in the corner with his red pants around his ankles punching clown and videotaping the whole thing .
and i am sorry again about the thing earlier with blair .
alex : one first thing in the morning and one as soon as you get home from work every day ?
i d heard about that sort of thing ; dad still bore the scars from when mum was pregnant with me .
the last thing gordy heard was a staccato rap he recognized as tad spanking a fresh pack of marlboros .
another thing to look forward to back home .
next thing you ll be telling me gay lovers are starring in their own sitcom .
first thing in the morning , gordy went out for the herald tribune and sddeutsche zeitung .
any you boys along the walls tries a thing , i go apeshit , harper sputtered in german .
thanks a lot steve jobs it is an interesting thing when someone famous passes away .
what if he is nt a cure but one of the reasons this whole thing started ?
her memory ticked from one thing to another , one place to another , one dialogue to another .
the big advertisements in all the newspapers around the world thing .
on the day of the exam he and the condemned flunky had been taken into the academy auditorium , per the usual procedure , and put on the stage in front of his classmates and instructors and a few of the lessers who enjoyed this sort of thing .
the two guys rested their vocals for a minute , george sipping the smoothie and steven covering the phone and asking his wife how george knew about the pasta thing .
laleh looked at shimmey , wondering if he knew about this gwen thing that was so influential .
jinny , not ever having been subjected to finishing school on the saint petersburg docks by his stevedore father and fisherwoman mother ( the one who could tear the heads off the fish she caught , not requiring a knife as did most of her fellow fishermen ) , stared at the hand kissing thing , wondering what was going on .
soderberg ignored the whole thing , having seen it a hundred times , and monique thought , thank god , shell take care of him and i can go hang out on the beach .
monique and steven and george pondered this last statement , and then steven again leaned forward and looked at clooney and said , you know about this benevolent dictatorship thing by your friend gwen june ?
he came down the balcony stairs and down the aisle and up the stage stairs , and then they had to go through the whole thing again , with him staring at gwen , mesmerized , her saying , hello steven .
the actors on the screen are positioned to come out of it , the lighting thing happens to distract the audience , the front screen comes back into place , the actors come onto the stage from the wings and stand between the two screens , the lighting thing goes away , and they come through the slits .
when they 'd listened to the whole thing sody looked around and said , ` ` any questions ? ''
a lot of people are doing that kind of thing , sort of performance art , actors out in the seats , engaging the audience .
that is the last thing i remember before i black out .
the best thing that came out of it , though , was the newspaper article .
next thing i know i m waking up with the bed sheets my wife had lovingly placed over me stuck to me !
work out what you re into , things you like , then go to places where those things happen .
i m sure there are some weirdos out there that would have paid money to have a similar thing happen to them .
you know , about picking us up and about the gun thing .
the only thing i heard was the tv but then it was turned down just before the door opened .
do nt ask her about the tree thing .
his grinned broadened ; he really wanted to ask about the tree thing .
probably because of the cyclops thing i had going .
i was nt given anything for pain because of the concussion thing , so i was chillin in the er examining room waiting for a room watching tv when cody came in .
you know , a funny thing happened today , i said .
what an idiotic thing to do to drink like that .
then , in the evening , you can tell me what the very best thing was .
that kind of thing builds up .
of course the pictures look real , but that s not the point ; i did nt kill him , they just arranged the whole thing to make it look like i killed him .
they might get hostile , they might call him a thief , and they might cause a big scene , demand to see the manager , call the police , leap over the counter and smash the cash register , that kind of thing .
obviously the insurance company must have had someone come around to check on the house , move the mail , chase away any house - squatting goblins , that kind of thing , while i was away .
now , with the aid of psylocybin , i realized that it was an extremely unlikely thing to happen , so after i wrote and published my biography to the internet i just did the sensible thing and taped a hair over my hat closet door so that if i ever did happen to go for opening the door and saw that the hair had been dislodged , i d call the police ; i would nt be caught unawares by the grunting , mostly unclothed man in my closet , squatting down over an upturned , unwilling bowler hat with his genitals resting inside it against the soft , cool , velvet interior .
pew was the last thing i heard , before i heard , michael , come in for lunch , when his mother called him .
its not exactly good , she said , but its a normal thing .
i did not see the only thing i had expected to see , which was penelope sat against the wall with her head against the window .
one thing i had not expected , though , and therefore had not prepared myself against , was the cameras in my house being sentient killing machines and detaching themselves from the walls in order to pursue me to my death .
maybe his brother was right , maybe the old guy was a zombie , maybe this was some kind of zombie meeting thing .
harold gawked at connor what happens if - no- when she walks out of mahogany ridge first thing on monday ?
that whole thing , until now , glaring at the woman in black underwear , was going fine .
gwen said , this thing with catherine , it happened last night , in the living room .
did you go to the carnival thing there every year , with the floats and the babes in bikinis ?
even though she came into our house with a certain amount of malicious intent , we knew , after catherines thing , that we could trust her .
this stirg thing does nt mean charleston is nt charming , said henric .
the fish never felt a thing , had many babies , and lived happily ever after .
what was the most important thing that happened there in the gallery ?
what was the second most important thing that happened ?
that was the oddest thing that had happened in rogers life until meeting jinny blistov in the restaurant .
and what was this fortunate thing ?
and lastly he thought about his wife again , and what she liked to do , and he figured this caper was exactly the kind of thing she would like .
gwen was to regret teaching him to high five , because for the next week he wanted to do it all the time , for every little thing .
this op was not the kind of thing one wrote about in emails , especially emails he knew would go through russian servers .
two hours later , same thing .
she said her phone was very secure , and that she was working on the container thing .
chapter 21 tough russian men and their women the first thing that happened to jinny , as in little jinny blistov , was that jenley became extinct at the direct orders of plouriva .
things happened in the back seat of the big mercedes as it rolled through the landscape of bordeaux .
guignard thought gwen would tell her what this amazing thing was , but she did nt .
she says she s creative there , that its a special place cause things happen inside her , things like intuitive songs and celestial bells and windy thoughts outside relative time .
she says she s creative there , that its a special place cause things happen inside her , things like intuitive songs and celestial bells and windy thoughts outside relative time .
next to falling in love with guignard , the best thing little jinny blistov had accomplished in the ten months since that night in the restaurant , had to do with catherine deneuve and gwen june .
not a * # & @ thing . ''
but as i continued to watch , i finally could stand it no longer , for i had endured the same thing too many times .
courage to stand up to friends when i stood up to my friends , defending a new girl at my school , the janitor , mr . bandon , saw the whole thing .
the only thing that his two friends suffered from was his loud complaining .
he cringed as he suddenly straightened his back with a pop , ` ` -- thing to do with swinging through the air . ''
every morning when daniel woke up , he checked his phone first thing , hoping he had a message saying mark was finally at peace .
` ` it 's okay , but here 's the thing .
with mark sitting next to them , along on this trip for nothing more than to bear witness to one simple thing that millions of people take for granted before his life is unjustly cut short , each of them are lost in thought with various renditions of the same question ; have i wasted my life ?
but , like i said , it 's the most rewarding thing life has to offer you .
seriously , it was the most embarrassing thing ever . ''
anyway , my dad died of a heart attack almost two years ago and it was the worst thing that had ever happened to me up until that point , seeing as i was too young to comprehend my mother 's passing .
it 's a hell of a thing to lose a parent .
i think i have somewhere in the neighborhood of six - hundred channels and i can never find a thing to watch .
she remembered him pulling out the syringe and jabbing it into her neck , the last thing she heard before darkness came again was the man saying , ` ` now go to sleep , bitch , and try not to die . ''
he had to have these goddamn eyeballs in washington in three days , which means he absolutely needed them out and dropped off to his courier first thing in the morning .
the next thing i know i am shattering someones windshield with my back , then feeling my weightless body float in midair before gravity sends me back to earth in an eruption of pain .
the last thing i remember is my head hitting the asphalt .
the thing that is weird though is that i ca nt find anything on this david fick character .
the worst thing to ever happen to this country .
then , the weirdest thing happened .
good day to ... '' ` ` listen man , we 're sitting here at the park where i witnessed this goddamn thing , just waiting for something to happen .
no , of course it wo nt , but if you re lucky and in to that kind of thing , hello boobies !
i keep trying to push the pain aside and move on , but just the slightest stupid thing will bring it all back to me . ''
last thing i remember was you talking to me outside , and then i just went black .
you were the best thing that ever happened to her ... and to me ... i just need you to know that ... do n't ever feel like you failed her ... or me ... because you did n't ... '' tears started streaming down my face .
i got out of bed and dressed first thing the following morning and headed straight to the bank .
maybe this whole thing was just an accident and a huge coincidence .
she did the search and the first thing that came up was for metlife , followed by the metropolitan museum .
also edited out was an entire chapter entitled a funny thing happened on the way to vegas .
way back whenwhenever that earthquake thing happened on the east coast , i was in st . louis embroiled in a heated negotiating session .
i heard there was a thing called tremor envy and i had it bad .
this led to further descriptions of other things that had happened to me between the ages of nineteen and twenty - seven , including the howling wolf vote , and the next thing i knew he was calling the human resources director in to finish the hiring process .
next thing i knew i was doing it every weekend .
i think the thing that tipped the scales against me was when i told her i did nt write for money .
since i did nt get on the road until almost noon , i missed the church rush , if there is such a thing .
it was a bother and a shame , but this sort of thing happened in international investigations .
it was the sort of thing terrorists and other enemies of civilization might do on purpose , and that they must not be allowed to do .
` ` of course , the beautiful thing about all this is that our ambassador is n't nearly the country cousin he 's made out to be .
it did n't seem a good thing to joke about or ask about , though , at least not at the moment .
bodyguards generally do notice that sort of thing , especially those in charge of national leaders .
the man she 'd shipped off half - silly with painkillers and three - quarters suicidal from unreasonable guilt was obviously a thing of the past .
nearly the entire agency has got wind of one thing or another , and there 's no sense you either being in the swim or being fed rumors .
worst thing ever happened to me .
worst thing ever happened to me . ''
the next thing he knew , he was flat on his back , confusedly trying to track the stars doing circles in front of his eyes .
- what with one thing and another he started to feel better .
- what with one thing and another , he had to admit she might be dead .
of course she had never heard of such a thing and had some difficulty grasping the concept .
like most people i only knew you as that crazy guy who went on the colbert report and was hoodwinked into uttering the preposterous line , i enjoy cocaine because it is a fun thing to do and then the even more wildly inappropriate , i enjoy the company of prostitutes because its a fun thing to doif you combine the two together , its probably even more fun .
it read , t h e g a r d e n o f l i f e. 22 the first thing happened as i entered the timber gate , a new kind of spirit began filling my body .
neither was i expecting a thing , nor dispelling a thought .
but in my garden of life here was no such thing ; for neither the ground had much grass on it and nor had anybody ever roamed inside .
but lately , one great thing has started happening to me .
part 2 ( image - woman blowing dust from her hands , element 1 - magic beans , element 2 - two turtle doves ) the first thing brad saw was a woman .
next thing , korben had my bones bundled in a fearsome hug .
laura was undoubtedly the best thing to happen to milo in a thousand years .
and as a result , she missed the whole thing .
never wait for a sure thing , milo said .
never wait for a sure thing , you d tell me .
if meeting you was the worst thing that ever happened to me , it could nt have turned out better .
if you are a politician or a religious leader , disregard all of this and pretend the entire palsy thing never happened .
then there is a thing called cuddling .
if you did , there was probably a big thing about it on public access television ; that would have outed you .
no real reason , but look it up , its a real thing .
best thing in the world to get his name in headlines all across the state .
` ` i think maybe , once ... '' ` ` ... so anyway , jim , this was when i lived in new york city and even though it was a charity game they needed somebody to throw out the first pitch and since my law firm was helping sponsor the thing the old man chooses me since the other partners are old and fat and afraid to look like sissies .
and ernest white would walk beside her with this little smile coming now and again to his face , both of them looking down neither saying anything for a while , but ernest white looking at her now and trying to catch her glance , then some small joke from him , or some funny thing he 'd noticed that day and set aside in his mind like a little jewel to share with her .
and lawyer the hardest thing is this the girl who lied about me .
and here is the amazing thing .
either the greatest thing since sliced bread or the latest year 2000 or internet bubble about to go tits up .
` ` no , but i m looking for the same thing you are , '' said clarity .
the only thing i was sure of was to not wear red to the interview .
i d experienced professors doing this type of thing before .
the most likely thing that happened , though , was that someone was walking around with a blackberry camera phone and his / her shoulder knocked the case over .
i had to calm myself in the parking lot , repeating to myself , people do this kind of thing every day , people do this every day which is something i usually say when i m about to go into any store , pornographic or otherwise .
after trish and i ended , i would still try again with others , but its always the same thing .
the first thing i notice is it 's just past eight .
and the only thing that helps is to have him hold me for a really long time . ''
at the central recruiting station , an amazing thing happens .
she wanted to look at it as a positive thing , but it felt so negative .
alice was beginning to wish she 'd given the pub thing a miss .
suddenly , the parents panic , trying to remember every awful , nasty thing that has occurred in the presence of the offspring in the last two or three years all those impressions and images and words written in bright , fluorescent letters on this clean slate of a brain and stored for strategic re -use , like time bombs , set to go off at some embarrassing moment in the future .
it was the same thing as at the hermitage .
its a very chi chi place , lots of things go on in there behind the scenes .
the director said , what flag thing ?
this was the first good thing that had happened to me all day , and i felt like myself again .
if he had been able to turn his head he would have seen tommy smiling , watching the deneuvian thing for the first time , different from the ride in the mustang out to sullivans going airborne , maybe for the first time getting a hint what it was going to be like sitting across the chess board from me .
they dragged chairs over , bringing the woman with them , who d watched this whole thing from afar and had been eyeing jinny , ordered three pitchers of beer and more pork rind and peanuts , and sat down .
but please , someone tell me about the hair of the dog thing , that s driving me crazy .
a little thing with her , maybe ; say , lunch . ''
and , run a gambling thing with people betting on the ending .
next thing i know , here i am , looking for you .
most guys would ve harped on the shooting thing , but he did nt ; just the one innocuous and humorous comment .
i went on to say that if he had drunk any of that stuff there was no way i would have kissed him down at jekyll , and he asked what else was holding up the show since he had nt drunk the cider , and i said a good thing is worth waiting for , and he said he was nt getting any younger , he was nt going to look like that guy forever and some other guy named roger was due home is a couple of weeks , and i said friendship is a great thing , and he said so is sex , and i replied lets get back to the mind game of favorite singers .
not about a faberge thing .
that was scary until i remembered the same thing happening when i trained at high g - forces : temporary loss of sight .
chapter three ` ` i ' ve never had a dj vu thing , at least not that i remember '' george was saying .
first thing next morning we were sitting having a very spicy drink that tasted of cinnamon and cloves .
just before he gave up and left , a strange thing happened .
first thing saturday morning i drove again into town and bought a pound of hamburger , some onions , some tomatoes , sliced cheese , buns and a head of lettuce .
` ` then let 's go in again , first thing in the morning , ' jeffrey said .
however there is one thing we know for certain .
then , the next thing i knew , i was looking down at sally from the ceiling of our kitchen .
their marriage was arranged for the following summer , some warm time , some cozy place , some thing quietno guests .
i returned to my doctor and told her that the same thing had happened again .
the strange thing was , though , i started to meet manifested women where ever i went .
the ever expanding business was not the only thing we were celebrating , we were now married and expecting our first child .
as much as he kept on , the only thing i received was their staring , as they were not quite drunk enough to be the one that did it , and they were also held back by my not being in the slightest bit troubled by their threats .
perhaps the most surprising thing was that jasper had come with them after barely a seconds pause .
the funniest thing ever .
and do nt worry , for its never quite the worst thing that happens .
the thing is , we were really trying not to make too big a thing of it .
but the illness was depression , so they call it , but the word does nt begin to do the thing justice .
it was brilliant , the best thing ever .
there 's also all those other investors , big and small , some very small ; some people 's life savings and all that sort of thing .
my dear old gran used to say that when that sort of thing happens , as it does to all of us at some time or another .
it was an eerie thing to see .
` ` there was a telemarketer asking about costumes for that very thing .
gladys tried to say ` ` thank you very much '' , and that was when the second weird thing happened .
being a supreme ruler is okay when everything 's hunky dory , and there 's lots of looting and pillaging etc . , but if one little thing goes wrong , famine or extinction for instance , before you can say ' it 's howdy doody time !
` ` when you alter the past , master , one thing always leads to another . ''
but vlod was silent , and that could only mean one thing .
` ` rather a small thing to be haunting your nightmares , '' he said .
` ` the same thing happened to me when the batteries in my long ship went dead . ''
hanging gardens by the way , was n't a duck ; he was a very large bat , and he saw things from a bat 's perspective .
i mean , what kind of a life is it when the most exciting thing that happens to you is an unexpected fart ? ''
peace with honor and that sort of thing . ''
i ' ve been through this sort of thing before .
there was a muffled explosion somewhere inside fluffy , and he was lifted about three feet into the air , but that sort of thing happens every day .
` ` it 's the story of my life ; one darned thing after another . ''
i suppose next thing you 'll be saying the assyrians came down like the wolf on the fold ! ''
that 's the number one thing people ca n't stand . ''
the extraordinary thing , i said , was that he could hear me .
next thing i knew , i was in the tub and she was massaging my crotch with head & shoulders and dumping pitchers of urine temperature water on my head .
` ` you know how one thing leads to another ? ''
first thing -- '' ` ` now . ''
given the fact that mrs . purn had a strict policy for things having a proper place , this could only mean one thing ` ` mrs . purn forgot to hang up , '' derrick concluded .
but here 's the thing : derrick had never actually been inside aaron 's house .
i had been to many places , and experienced many things , so i knew this floating turnip was rather special .
you can expect a lot of this kind of thing , during this time of year .
gloria had another theory which she had nt shared with anyone ; she thought murray might be going through some sort of mid - life thing .
jane cooper smiled to herself ; she had seen plenty of this type of thing .
i spoke with my better half and she has heard of velanni and is quite looking forward to the whole thing .
he had probably still been pissed off at being shown up by franklin on the bartoli thing .
the kid would get most of the money , because it just seemed a just thing to do , and to be honest , i d done this one more for the sport of itthe artistic beauty of the whole thing .
i settled on writing the whole thing off as coincidence .
pal , you re betting on a sure thing .
were nt these places supposed to be good at this type of thing ?
` ` the best thing would be a wizard contest , sire .
` ` what is that hopping thing ? ''
it 's one thing to have doubts about a goddess ; it 's quite another thing to insult her .
` ` we welsh miners know all about this sort of thing , '' said digger .
` ` that way , we 'll get lots of companions for arthur and he can start practicing to be a real king , ordering people around and that sort of thing . ''
` ` but there 's such a thing as going too far . ''
it gave me a bit of a shock , though i tried to act as if it was the most normal thing in the world , for fear of offending her .
i just hovered around up there for a minute or two , trying to work out what i was supposed to do next , and the next thing i knew i was underground , in my little box , for months on end , with not so much as a sudoku to keep me entertained .
the funny thing was that i could nt even remember precisely why i d done it .
threatening to bury dead people alive ( if such a thing is possible ) did nt sound like the most orthodox way to relax , as far as i could see .
but there s this momentum thing happening , and we just keep going .
he s jerkface with a rich family , who could have easily paid for the whole thing .
as it turned out , reincarnation was more of a haphazard thing than what certain religions predicted .
` ` oh , hell , if its not one thing , its another '' tom fought with the apron but the wind blew it straight back up over his head .
` ` the thing was , i 'd left a jumper in the hut in the forest .
last thing i heard was that he d written a book and got it published , though i do nt think he was famous or anything .
menial jobs , most of us , but i did learn one thing .
last thing i knew we were having fun at the party , _ literally _ . ''
` ` what a horrible thing to do to an intestine ! ''
` ` i ' ve read about this kind of thing in horror comics .
the two little dots look like eyes , and that big curving thing looks like a smile . ''
the same thing happened to the franks when they tried to launch a goth into orbit .
` ` commercial exploitation of minors and all that sort of thing ? ''
she had only to reach for the switch -- the one that had the little icon of broccoli on it and ... .. then a very strange thing began to happen .
it 's one thing to perform arduous tasks as a prelude to the giving and receiving of momentous truths , but there 's such a thing as pushing virtue too far .
it 's no fun when the whole thing is over so quickly , you never even saw it happen , and the victim is standing in line at one of the rides in the underworld before pain even has a chance to twitch a single nerve .
the only thing is , i keep wondering what it 's supposed to do .
` ` i saw the whole thing while i was doing mrs . kaxton .
in smooching , as in life , one thing leads to another .
he tumbled , and the next thing he knew he was on the ground .
she scratched the dogs head while the crazy mutt acted as though seeing her was the best thing that had ever happened to him .
you ve got to stop thinking every little thing is a catastrophe .
but the thing that had her yelling for him was that shed removed the scrawled , much annotated piece of foolscap from the fridge and typed it up on her computer , printing out a neat copy .
when the dog who brought them together , a puppy appropriately named cupid , gets sprayed by a skunk , jared discovers that 's not the worst thing that can happen to a man on valentine 's day .
that s the strangest thing i have heardlook over there !
dean could nt see anything , because people in front of him stood up , just like that thing that happens at kindergarten graduations .
not a shocking thing to see at an airport .
david not only wondered how nikolas learned of such a thing , but why his father had felt the need to pass on this information .
again , david said that he could empathize ; what happened with him and lily was almost the same thing .
people who at one point feared such a thing as yet another symptom of societys decline began to accept its inevitability .
if there s one thing you re not doing , its giving me a fucking chance to explain myself .
the same thing is happening on my phone .
lily picked up her phone and the same thing was happening , the entire planets surface now obscured behind an incessant flurry of falling tags .
i hope she 's sitting in a heavenly kaffeeklatsch right now , sipping gourmet coffee and answering some very interesting mail : ` ` dear ann , what if i was all wrong about that gravity thing ?
but the scariest thing of all was the hot dog cooker we used at the church .
there is one thing i do n't get about coffee shops on television , however .
i realize now that this constitutes some sort of personal breakthrough , and believe me i appreciate that and all , but the real question for me now is- does this sort of thing warrant my own coffee shop ?
first thing tomorrow morning . ''
something landed on my shoulder and the next thing i knew , jeremy was out the window and streaking toward a small yellow house with flower baskets hanging at the corners .
george watched all this activity with bright - eyed interest , waiting to see what strange thing i 'd do next .
` ` next thing you 'll be feeding the deer . ''
it was a little crushing to realize every story i 'd ever told him about cats had gone in one ear and out the other , but it was exactly the same thing that happened with my commands to george .
or his bandage would get wet and some horrible thing would happen to the wound on his leg .
it was n't the usual wet , heavy , slippery snow that snarls traffic and frays tempers , but a light dusting that kept us nervously watching out the window for the real thing .
just because a thing happens once or twice in a certain way , does n't mean it will always happen that way . ''
` ` the same thing happened to charlemagne and alaric , '' said poplar leaf .
` ` name one thing a haggis ever did that rated a mention in people magazine .
` ` i want a big thing , '' said sweet gas .
` ` maybe i can use this to make a big thing . ''
` ` if i had a big thing , all my problems would be solved , '' said sweet gas .
what the hells the difference between seeing something with your eyes and seeing the same thing with a camera and sharing it with people who would see the same thing if they were there ?
what the hells the difference between seeing something with your eyes and seeing the same thing with a camera and sharing it with people who would see the same thing if they were there ?
why , this is the most exciting thing to happen in newmont since that lovesick moose came courting sam perkinss cow .
quite possibly , the right guy would come along if such a terrific thing can possibly happen twice .
` ` lets just film the goddam thing before the storm knocks the power out . ''
` ` that was the wildest thing i ve ever seen , '' he admitted .
sloppy laughed uproariously as if it was the funniest thing he d ever seen , not noticing how much blood was oozing from the small axe in his head .
lucy , the only thing out of the ordinary all year was the fight in the pub , when you yourself told me josh was someone i should nt have messed with !
he answered , giving lucy a playful look , he s been acting weird ever since that corsica coleman thing .
that s a real thing ; i m not making it up !
you keeping in contact over this concert thing and all that ?
also enormous love and thanks to lucy caulston , who really has been the driving force behind the whole thing .
what a terrible thing to do to a brother !
the one good thing of that night , though , was meeting wayne .
it 's my thanks for going with me to this awful thing .
` ` however , if you put a request slip in at the office first thing tomorrow morning , i 'll bet your doctor would seriously consider allowing you to visit ? ''
it created a newer , a bigger one , the craziest and most colorful thing gabe hooter of the pecker fixation troubles had yet to see in his tepid part of rama , wa .
it 's the worst thing that ever happened to him .
best thing was scraping it with her teeth , because it was all rolled up and sticky and tasted fun .
what with one thing and another over years , they did have a leafless tendency to experience a general pulls of marital strife , kind of an ` ` adjustment gestalt . ''
is n't a good conversation the most charming thing , whenever you should run into someone nice ?
first thing she walked in the door at ridgeview food service , the intake worker said they were absolutely out of orange juice , and that meant a total emergency .
everywhere i look is this ... this jason thing .
i normally shy away from that sort of thing , shrink behind whoever else is in the vicinity .
i had to google this , as i thought that was the thing that happened when you went diving and came up too quick .
she said it was ok this time , but not to make it a regular thing .
i know she was worried on the day and that the examination was nt a nice thing to go through , but i m noticing more and more how emotionally intelligent and strong she is as a person .
the whole thing was the reporters fault .
after reading the groups other two fliers randolph knew no more about the point of the whole thing than he had after the first one .
the next thing i knew i woke up and felt a bunch of gauze and tissue in my mouth .
the sad thing is that tommy was sitting in the stands the whole time we were talking about it .
the same thing happened at the station this morning . ''
instead of ants it was texts and emails - this was the single most exciting and unexpected thing to happen to midland since the 9/11 attacks .
it was actually the best thing to happen to their relationship .
the same thing happened to the chief at the police station this morning . ''
the year thing had come and gone almost like it was inevitable .
marla and this guy have got a thing going on .
juliet produced a smile a thing of pure malice and sauntered out of the shop .
pancho always made his dental appointments for first thing in the morning .
she was working solely with spanish speaking kids as an english as a second language teacher but , although she was fluent in greek and turkish as well as english , she could n't even read a road sign in spanish and 3 : that she and emt rios had a thing going that left her mostly bereft of her former malady of lonely nights .
first thing tomorrow morning you 'll be hearing from barnwickle , flick & chernobyl . ''
the first thing i noticed was how many cemeteries there are .
the nearest i ever got to travelling through clouds in dublin was walking home in the smog , and it was nt the same thing at all .
the most wonderful thing has happened .
i read somewhere about the funniest thing .
do you want to hear about this funny thing my landlord always does when i see him on my way to work ?
the whole thing seemed really weird , but catching carters eyes reminded her to act cool .
downing agreed , but it wo nt be the first thing in your life you ve had to suck something up .
but the thing is i ca nt do anything because she knows i m going to be up to something .
i know its not fun to sit the bench , but if you ride that pine hard enough , good things will happen .
that s the hottest thing i ve ever seen !
cause she was eye fucking you all night and i know you re a bit oblivious to that sort of thing i stayed at her place .
some smart ass waiting for his bus had seen the whole thing , tsk , tsk , he said , should ve asked for some i d .
justin began laughing and shouting and he was really having a blast , watching me destroy myself , because it was such a rare thing to witness someone going completely off the deep end and , when you saw it in person , you could nt help but appreciate it .
it was such an unnatural thing .
is the biggest thing in popular science since mr . wizard !
that bomb simultaneously revealed to the world the miracle that such a thing was possible along with the horror of its effects .
i must say that i am surprised at the location since the shower scene in psycho was the scariest thing i have ever experienced in my life .
our new convict looked around at the rest of the convicts who acted as if this was the funniest thing they had ever heard .
first thing tomorrow i ' m taking you to the hospital for a check - up .
he 'd assumed that the kind of thing that hundreds of people went through every day , no matter how scary , would be something he could take in his stride with a minimum of fuss .
they ll film the whole thing . '
i know this must come as something of a shock ... ' ' actually , this is the least surprising thing that 's happened to me in quite some time . '
this is a thing to celebrate , naturally , however it occurred .
we 're both looking at the same thing , but from completely different angles .
` ` it 's the next big thing , '' stan said without missing a beat .
` ` it 's a lucky thing we do n't really need money ; it 's getting hard to come by . ''
` ` that might have been the most disgusting fucking thing i ' ve ever seen .
girls in jail kind of thing or do you think she 'll be too pissed off about the marriage to give up the rights ? ''
` ` lucky thing he killed the wife and her fag boyfriend or we could have been completely screwed , '' observed ray .
we can guarantee such a thing , if they pay . ''
` ` is n't it enough that we 're recording and listening to every little thing that happens ?
public friends versus private ones , social versus intimate , pack versus solo , that kind of thing . ''
related , yeah , in an inter - dimensional way , but it 's more like a searing , scorching , burning - up - and - out kind of thing .
eleven the same thing had already occurred to fred .
the entire thing has lasted only two weeks , due to how fast things moved in the current world , and so a fortnight was able to bring ruin to civilization , and those that were left were now left regrouping .
the entire thing has lasted only two weeks , due to how fast things moved in the current world , and so a fortnight was able to bring ruin to civilization , and those that were left were now left regrouping .
i watched one of those science shows where they demonstrate why sometimes one thing happens and why sometimes another thing happens and they did all these crazy experiments and showed that the movement of the ball is changed by the seams and the rotation of the ball .
i watched one of those science shows where they demonstrate why sometimes one thing happens and why sometimes another thing happens and they did all these crazy experiments and showed that the movement of the ball is changed by the seams and the rotation of the ball .
a pennant race also is a whenever invention to get your blood boiling kind of thing that the originators did not see in the scouting report .
i crack a joke about how we almost went in that bar with the rainbow cowboy neon sign thing .
that fucking gay farce thing that i came this close to having to do the remake of . ''
ms herbert felt suspicious about the whole thing and expressed such with a frown and a raise of the eyes .
it was clearly the first spiritwind had heard of such a thing .
will it be the last thing i see before you poke my eyes out ?
he continued with a suggestion on how to achieve such a thing .
next thing i know i m being accused of treason .
he had no cause for unease ; he was being told to forget the whole thing , which meant that the zombies were all dead and the duke had the situation under control .
the second thing paddington saw were the two empty chairs , one on either side of the table .
the third thing paddington saw was lisa , huddled in the corner of the room , arms wrapped around her knees , naked .
first thing tomorrow ill talk to your duke about the radio blackout , but right now i want to check on our prisoner .
well find her first thing tomorrow .
his arms simply became legs , as if this were the most natural and obvious thing in the world .
` ` there ai n't no such thing as a wiccan ceremony , '' private major assured her , ` ` unless you got gum . ''
i said , ` ` i just thought usually people had to pay for that sort of thing .
i mean , your boots shine , you 're doing the exercises , even after the spider thing .
i m calling you first thing tomorrow , porky .
funny thing was though , after that i no longer worried about being boring .
heres the funny thing : the old ladys name was alzheimer .
she was at the door as i opened it , chains dangling from the manacles around her wrists , but the first thing i saw was his ass looking like something gelatinous and runny in the back door light .
i was cash strapped and painting it myself with the help of a revolving line - up of acquaintances , most of them recovering from one thing or another ( one of them from house painting itself and he had slipped ) .
i do nt get hung up on the whether or not this or that thing in the bible happened for real just like it says .
they project that armageddon ( which has always sounded more like a comfy old fishing village on long island to me , rather than satans spring break ) will settle in the moment gay people are allowed to marry and then when the wedding bells ring and the doors to the fire pits of hell remain stubbornly shut and cross - dressing boy scouts are nt fornicating with two - headed purple calves on the main streets of america ; when the whole thing turns out to be a big yawn , they re furious , like we all let them down .
porky wondered , as though he could nt imagine such a thing .
i was braced for the worst because as a group of us were driving down to big sur to attend this thing , one of us started telling a harrowing story of his own ordeal with odyssey .
ok , so , two questions , i said to him when he was finished with his story , one : why did nt you tell us about this before we agreed to go to this thing ?
i do nt think she realized that porky was doing this mostly because by going to this thing he was saving 450 dollars but by not going , he would nt be saving 450 dollars .
then the french folks came back late afternoon for their naps ; you know , they re used to that sort of thing in europe , their siesta , so civilized .
and the most amazing thing was i was responding !
nah , they live for that kind of thing .
how come you never expect this sort of thing when it happens all the time ?
i promised to take him into town first thing in the morning to get it fixed .
this guyhe pointed at mikewouldnt let us in and started the whole thing .
bob asked john , who had been standing in the doorway to the kitchen , watching the whole thing .
for once , i had fallen for adam , i was worried that the same thing might happen to me and i would lose him to another woman .
you ve got a really strong voice and a hell of a set of lungs on you , only its a shame that tv talent show is finished or you could have given the winner a run for her money and won the whole thing , says alison ( my biggest fan ) .
but i ca nt send them away now ; i will just look a fool who has made the whole thing up , replied the manager , who had started to dab his sweating brow with the end of his green tie .
they are a bit funny around here about this pub - shed thing anyhow and i do not want to give them an excuse to spoil my fun if we have to close up shop early due to complaints from the other neighbours .
i had a good giggle about it all , i can tell you and it was the funniest thing i have seen in ages so it cheered me up no end .
its best to look inside for that kind of thing .
hell , this is the single most important thing that has ever happened to me and i want to cry and cry and not stop until i dehydrate and can not cry anymore , because i have simply run out of tears .
now , i love our closest relatives as much as the next person and would never see them harmed in any way but i swear on my unborn babys life , i did nt know that this thing was real .
she is , called brianna and she talks in a loud nasally australian voice that just grates on the old brain matter first thing in the morning .
i sense that it would be more of a special thing for valerie , having not had kids yet herself .
asks kim as i get out of the taxi backwards in order to keep my head down in a bid not to disturb said thing .
i am not very good at comforting other people in distress , as i usually say the wrong thing and on occasion will often try to humour up the situation and make light of horrible things as a way of coping with it .
anyway back to this thing where they had to basically stitch me into this tight goth looking , long black lacy skirt since it had to be slightly , altered to fit me rather than carries slightly smaller frame .
i completely forgot what day it was ( bloody baby brain got the better of me once more and more to the point that this type of thing could occur and catch me off guard if i m not more careful in future ) .
it was just one more thing to add to my growing list of things that i would hate to happen .
it was just one more thing to add to my growing list of things that i would hate to happen .
the only thing now that can spoil my night is for charlie to suss that i ve washed blankie and then not settle down at bedtime because of it not smelling like the same putrid scent that s he s so used to .
especially when they are drunk and think it is the funniest thing ever .
they are both here and the whole thing is about to start soon .
i did nt realise that you would be attending this thing too .
i for one am liking it a lot because i m just sat here and waiting for the next thing to go wrong , only its such a shame that we are not allowed to film it and put it on the internet , for privacy reasons .
i m supposed to be sending it off to the dolly hospital tomorrow to get fixed and i d no idea that there was such a thing until i looked it up on the internet and booked their next patient in for a complete overhaul job .
the next thing i see is a giant mr teddy coming through the door and i have not even had any hallucinogenic drugs , yet .
the comedic situations in this fast - paced christmas romp were to become the most stressful thing esme could have imagined for a festive fiasco .
will emma regret her white lie , or will it be the best thing that ever happened to her ?
the first thing i noticed was the pitchers of beer at our table .
or first thing in the morning , you have to jump from bed and scribble them down .
and the first thing you know i m getting handjobs in the girls bathroom .
funny thing is , you know , she was kind of a fox .
great , great things there , but there was also this underground thing going on .
he did nt want to finish tarantula , but , there was so much pressure on him and then someone circulated bootleg versions and the whole thing became uncontrollable .
the whole thing starts again .
the whole thing starts over again .
i do nt know exactly what they were doing to you , responded troy confidently , but from what i could see , it was the most vile , distasteful , and despicable thing that any person could go through .
then the next thing i could remember , i was brought back to my home .
one thing we get to watch that the kids do n't is baseball .
the thing that caused me to stop working for the church was something that happened after the gottich trial .
i do n't need her to tell me , though , that it will be an awful thing for us to endure .
upon her death , the bishop wanted to have a big funeral , but sister magdalene knew that sister mercy ( after moving to the nursing home , she reverted to the title of sister ) would not want such a thing .
the play of moonlight on a field , that impression of the night drives back from some favored destination : it was there ; those people interacted ; that thing was felt .
she began this thing ; she would end it .
it is one of the most surprising but true recorded facts that people who have survived extremely long and terrible events do not after a few months have passed wished the thing had nt happened .
seattle in the green of greeneyess eyes ( although seattle had brown eyes ) , seattle in the literature major of barbiedolls academic studies , seattle in the appearance ( though not reality ) of iceprincesss way of holding herself , self - presentation , and mannerisms , seattle in springtimes carefreeness , alphas surgency , greeneyess cleverness , goats unfashionable fashionableness , thetas artsy - ness , leaf-1 , -2 , and -4s popularity ; and seattles age , seattles age , oh so delightful nineteen , in iota , iota above all , tears in eyes , remembrance for things passed , the girl who is lost and can never be recovered , the conceit that explains itself through self - presentation of its own self - conscious self , the love affair that is better because less is said , the confusing document that throws fifteen names out but only remembers one , seattle - theta - iota - goat - iceprincess - barbiedoll and sniper - akemi - tabun - eri , one hundred eighty japanese girls , one hundred eighty japanese girls , but this year no foreigners whatsoever , going in naked , going in alone , only what you can pull out of your own knapsack , a knife .
there was no further evidence of one thing or another , but alerted to these possibilities , tusk now estimated 30 - 40 of the girls would pull during those three weeks ( out of 180 ; and based on voices heard piling back into the dorm at 2 am in the morning ; certain evidence of people engaged in the walk of shame at odd hours ) .
well , i guess he mentioned it , because next thing you know , royston is sniffing around to buy land in columbus and comes up with a parcel right next to zs .
well , anyway , one thing led to another well , how much of this do you need to know ?
i mean , yeah , i was upset that day phyllis came flying in here all upset about the beach blasting , and i set out to help , but then i sort of got preoccupied with my own problems , after the benny thing at the store .
so well , for one thing , he found out about that wrestling thing , which the royston enterprises website conveniently ignores .
but the marina did nt get off the ground yeah , the benny thing .
get together with kate tomorrow morning after your thing with frank and talk about liz .
not just because of cynthia and that whole thing , but remember that dans mother lived here before she died , and she had all these friends in nuco hills .
well , maybe not a consensusbut you do nt think that whole thing went down without some planning , do you ?
if there s one thing these island guys ca nt stand in a woman , its crying .
so when this thing come along , ezekiel comes to me first .
looking back , i guess it was the best thing that could have happened .
* * * * * phyllis , day six so , how was the cynthia thing ?
there s no such thing as death and i m not your dead grandpa , because i m not dead , and neither are you .
on contrevia there s no such thing as starvation or disease , and everyone is loving .
we did nt plan a thing , albert continued , you and nigel planned it with madelyn the last time you were here .
but then i thought maybe that was why she picked it , so it would be the last worst thing .
well , we 'll never hear the end of it ifn he wins too but it sure will be a nicer thing to hear tell about .
the second thing i noticed was the sound .
i ve seen and done things in other places and times that make my life in the here - and - now seem like a stroll on the beach .
the first thing i knew that i was in really deep trouble was when one of the guys behind me applied a black jack over my right ear i did nt even see the signal from the honcho , that s how stupid hubris can make you .
but he knew that he had just seen an amazing thing .
nimrod nodded and the next thing he knew , he was stirring in bed and it was morning .
it will be a truly remarkable thing to watch , nigel .
an odd thing happened that everyone watching on board the six rebel ships saw .
but the odd thing that happened while i was trying to find a way to help you and bettie was that i went the longest period without seizures that i ever did .
instead , as if the tape were on slow speed , he witnessed the whole thing .
you are the best thing that ever happened to me in my life , gloria , he added suddenly without any forethought .
but heres the odd thing about it .
it was ` ` i '' , the everyday ` ` i '' , who was drifting above the rooftops , and the only unusual thing about it was the fact of drifting thus and the perspective , everything and everybody foreshortened down below , the trees seen from top of their spreading foliage , new vistas swimming into my field of vision in the same way as if i were just strolling along , instead of lazily floating , effortlessly .
the same thing happened in regard to the united states .
you can see the same thing in the game of bowls .
first of all , there s no such thing as a normal life , i say , wadding up my napkin and throwing it on the table , the equivalent of my white towel .
the ghost of that arm the axe had severed , its weight not then forgotten , turned against its recent master by its old ... only at the very centre of the worlds could such a thing happen .
her mother would never have allowed such a thing to happen to her and would have protected elise against such terrible circumstances .
the last thing she remembers is coming into consciousness near the window .
but you knowjust to be safe , emily said as though she already had the entire thing planned out in her mind .
i understand about the whole dying thing , but that was an accident .
the next day , the same thing happened no anna .
although he did not receive a kind wish of love , opportunity , or a chance to feel alive again , all of which he has been longing for , he knows that there is at least one thing that we all await that lies out there in the cold .
he can only think of one last thing he would like to see before he dies so he scribbles down i want to see fireflies again , with emily .
now i m here and its the exact same thing , only in a camping area .
a few years later at his little hovel of a student apartment near lower congress street they had begun discussing sex because it was the section of their psychology course they were studying , and one thing led to another .
but one thing everyone in town was wrong about was the feelings his mother had for him and bill .
a whole morning of having fun playing softball lay before him , the kind of fun that concentrated the mind so that he did nt have to think about any slight , any misunderstandings , any painful thing .
did the germans and scandinavians see such a thing ?
but i remember one thing that set him off .
the strange thing is this time all the weird members of the team are on her side .
when she woke up in the early afternoon next day she said the last thing she could remember was graduating from high school .
remember you had to go to some college thing last time and lowell had to finish the house alone .
the first thing you re going to have to change that white shirt .
the one thing that brought a smile to everyones face was the ritual of jumping the broom , which was done to pay homage to fionas black blood and to the centuries of oppression that black people had suffered in america .
its a terrible thing to die a senseless death because of some bigot .
what an awful thing , fiona said .
sometimes i think the worst thing is to die unknown and unloved and forgotten , just a number in the city morgue .
weird guy , and the funniest thing : he s only 42 years old .
it was a beautiful day for driving , and seeing the landscape pass by reminded auntie ada of things shed long forgotten .
but then a funny thing happened .
the thing was , the mental hospitals were running out of room and money and letting folks out that should nt have been let out , and soon they were all wandering the streets and preaching and claiming to be someone else .
after the terrible thing happened , she continued to look after him and pray for him with the same love and pity she had always felt for her lovesick father .
by the time mary went to church again with her father the terrible thing had happened again , and she was so worried that the preacher would see into her mind that she did nt have the nerve to ask him about noah .
the secret was out , because they had treated it like a secret , had never talked about it , this thing that happened in the dark of night while charles was drunk and mary pretended to be sleeping .
he had pretended something too , mary did nt know what , perhaps that it never really happened and now he was confronted with the proof that yes , without any doubt , this thing had happened , because charles knew that mary did nt really know those boys in town , had kept her eyes on the ground and let him protect her from them .
but she could nt discuss this with her father , for they had never discussed this terrible thing , had never acknowledged it and she knew he needed to pretend it had never happened , just as she had pretended to be sleeping when it did .
sometimes a group of players who had been together a very long time could simply improvise together and come up with magnificent music , but never the same thing twice .
i do nt want to make a big thing out of a buck ninety - five , either .
lydia did nt mention last nights visitation , yet she still felt a quivering inside , something pulling at her , a kind of urgency , as if she had to know something before some other thing occurred , or could occur , perhaps .
its just hard to tell you what an unbelievable thing it all was .
i mean , cardboard being cut , that kind of thing .
would the community accept someone who reminded them of the most painful thing they had ever experienced ?
i understand they propose using the barn for production and a couple of the classrooms for their business offices , where they d have their phones , fax machines , computers , files , that kind of thing .
i can tell you there were nt any indians , were nt any ghosts out there , and the change of weather was just a natural thing that happens .
the only good thing i guess is that i did nt hook with the team .
really i am looking and speaking about the things that are happening in those places where i believe he still is .
she pitches forward into it , her arms out with their extensions of cane and sword , flying briefly , remembering that as the last thing she does .
the heat poured out of the engine onto the floor of the pickup cab and he began to think of all the words marion might findnow and later over this little thing .
@ the funny thing was that most of the jews in the neighborhood were of the reformed variety , by which means they were barely jewish , no kosher stuff , no yarmulkes , no real outward displays of judaistic tendencies .
there was one good thing to come out of his aforementioned honors english foray , besides his solid c grade the first semester and even solider d , the second .
the memories of the dance and after party are lost to history , but there is one thing lloyd would remember for the rest of his life .
it was the only thing that would be .
mike thought it was the funniest thing he had ever seen or heard .
` ` it was 8 yearsh ago when i fell off those ringsh and i liked you back then even and you laugh at me and still tell people about that , that means you must like me right , deena , you like me , don = t you , tell me you do ... '' he proceeded to tell her that she was really pretty and that he had never told anyone that before and next thing you know hey were in her bed screwing and lloyd lost his virginity on his 21st birthday .
as he came out of the bathroom he was confronted with the scariest thing he had ever been confronted with in his entire life .
@ the colossal thing he had waited 21 years , 1 month , 13 days and six hours for was immediately imminent .
make it an annual thing . ''
it was the same thing every time .
and the other strange thing was they said that it appeared that she had bone cancer and had cured herself of that .
she was the best thing to ever happen to him , and at that moment he knew he had made the right decision .
next thing he knew , he was on his knees and starting to cry like a little baby .
jews are ridiculously superstitious about that sort of thing , and you aren = t supposed to buy stuff beforehand , because it could ajinx @ things .
she would later say it was the worst thing she ever witnessed in person .
his niece sophie was there , and she found it the funniest thing she had ever seen .
the same sort of thing occurs whenever a visage of princess diana appears in a crumpet or scone south of london .
she had little patience for that sort of thing and neither did lloyd , he was his mother = s son after all , and he shot his uncle an angry look .
my father was a drunk and could nt help her and this was a sad thing for me .
he began to help her clean up the mess , wanting somehow to apologize and then the most extraordinary thing happened .
the extraordinary thing he saw was an old woman picking tiny wild flowers that grew everywhere .
the last thing he saw before his eyes closed was that her mouth had relaxed .
she woke up one morning last week saying it never happened , it never happened and he thought she was having a nightmare but turns out she was saying it had just hit her that she was 58 years old and all her life she kept thinking something wonderful would happen one day and now that she was 58 she had to realize that it never had happened yet and probably never would and she cried and cried and jim did nt know whether to be hurt or angry and was probably both but he did his best to comfort her , held her and told her that she was the wonderful thing that happened to him and he meant it and she said , oh , honey , i m so sorry , and he thought maybe then they d have sex but she said another time .
the thing is when the boss bought the system they talked him into buying a five year warranty and he found out later that he paid way too much for it and that pissed him off so when he got a renewal notice for the warranty he said no way were they getting any more money out of him and the system crashed completely the day after the warranty expired , just about 8 hours actually and when they refused to come out and replace it because it was 8 hours too late he sued them and they are still waiting to get into court over it .
they have their own reasons for not wanting to make a paper trail or have to show i d but the thing is the bank manager is in on the drug dealing .
the thing is i left my life , and my friends in new jersey when i moved out here .
the worst thing is therese gonzales house , the frame house behind the bank : wiped out .
i think its time we see a very important thing about hardy .
to snap at his boy was a very rare thing .
one thing led to another and they had a session of lovemaking that lasted the whole morning .
but the other thing was his fathers death last year .
he has an ego bigger than mount katahdin is the first thing i noticed .
so what s donnas thing ?
the thing that got him was nt that they re dangeroushe just laughed when i told him olive macpherson says all the nurses at the hospital call them donarcyclesit was the effect it would have on phil .
clay had gone so far as to call an electrician and leave a message on the mans machine , but the last thing ridlon heard late friday afternoon before he left the office was that the tenant was still without power .
i see one thing .
to have to face these boys who regarded him as no better than a worm was the worst thing he could imagine happening .
she explained that the only thing chris was legally responsible for was mere trespassing .
because the same thing was happening at the garage .
one thing led to another , and that night he had walked the mile and a half to her house to show them to her .
it was certainly very real to himuntil last night , in fact , it had been the saddest thing that ever happened to him .
it was the most humiliating thing that ever happened to me , even worse than the intelligent design business at c.a .
supposedly god tells the israelites when they were coming from egypt to kill all the people in the land of milk and honey , but god would never want such a thing .
now , charlie , she said , looking into her eyes and stroking her cheek , there s that thing called sex .
when he brought her home from the movie , they kissed for a long time , with the result that both of them got very aroused , and when the same thing happened saturday night , jeremy suggested she come to his house sunday afternoon .
another thing she did for the first time in six years was go swimming .
he comforted the little boy when a truck ran over his dog , that was the hardest thing that winter .
we ve lived mostly on the street since then but sometimes someone comes back all excited because some good thing she predicted came true and we get a little bonus , sometimes we even stay in a hotel ourselves , as guests , with room service .
later steven told me he d seen the same thing .
the strange thing is i do not take the paper anymore .
before the carrion birds and dogs had done there was a drenching rain that cleaned the bones and battered the killer in the tree and then a hot dry day that bleached the bones and warmed the woman who waited one more day because it was nt the kind of thing to be rushed .
i used to get caught smoking behind the toilet block and that sort of thing .
the press loves this sort of thing .
one thing led to another and here i am .
if there s such a thing as a fundamentalist bigot , my father was that .
the lucky thing for me was i had a way to connect with the outside world .
but the special thing i d had with walter was never there .
this is not an uncommon thing .
instead , they were attracted to the spectacle of the thing .
the whole thing only lasted a few minutes .
leaving again , just hours after getting back was another , totally insane , thing .
i admit , i was a little aroused , but not nearly as much as i should have been , considering my anticipation for the thing .
the song took us all back to another place , where this type of thing took place all over the country , as a matter of course .
only thing was that i did n't want anything .
the first thing i noticed was the name sebastian falke written in big letters and fancy script .
in silence , she watched the entire thing without looking at me , sipping from her cup of tea .
' you 're the best thing that ever happened to me . '
the most amazing thing was that my firm belief was based on some deep , subconscious feeling , on that something i was looking for so hard .
the most extraordinary thing was to feel the tension of my internal organs .
and third , the main thing is that you start feeling yourself becoming human , you come to understand who is god , that god is an all - encompassing substance , and not just a fantasy of a few idiots .
the most fascinating thing is that people start noticing these transformations in you .
the main thing is that i got answers to the questions that i had been asking for so long .
imagine the most heinous thing that can happen to you , the most horribleimagined ?
the most important thing is , the reason we have all these regenerations , the reason that bad things happen , the reason we have problems is because we are in a material body that we depend on 99.9 % of the time .
the most interesting thing was that the mummy was placed not in the hold but in a cabin , near the captain 's bridge , as it was more convenient for passengers to look at it .
the whole thing is perfectly choreographed .
the christian fundamentalists wo n't like the imagery , but the whole thing is synchronised to perfection .
the flare is weakening now and the crowd do not want to miss a thing ( justice tv is 100 % real - time , no replays ) .
we sit on cold plastic seats , surrounded by other people waiting for the same thing .
but as one thing fades , another takes its place : now i have medical appointment after medical appointment .
they come in and check on me , but after twenty - six hours , i have to practically beg for a c - section just to put an end to the whole thing .
heres the thing , she says in a whisper , leaning in closer to the fire .
i wait up for scott to watch a movie , or half a movie , which is more often the case because i m too tired to stay up for the whole thing .
maybe it 's a religious thing .
it was a sad thing to look at .
this is n't the worst thing that could happen .
it was only in a small way , but that small way was the best thing that had happened to his self - esteem in ten years .
it seemed like it was a calming thing for her to see you .
the next thing i knew i was drowning in the street . ''
there ai n't no such thing , '' the pieman said , still worried .
the gebhardt family has moved into the cornwall place and strange things have begun to happen .
` ` then i 'll get the animal control people back first thing in the morning .
the only thing that was nt fine was that it was dan herlick doing the closing .
bett wanted to go on , but she was afraid that the thing that she was feeling in her right breast might slide over and confuse those feelings that were filling up her heart .
what a strange thing to have happen .
the museum has a thing in the spring where they ask garden clubs to do arrangements that relate in some way to certain of the museums paintings .
is he going to have that thing that so many pretty women and rich men havewhere they re never quite sure why things happen ?
but , their strange fruit had helped to hold things off .
she says it will be the first normal thing that s happened to us in awhile .
lex asks , what s the worst thing that happened to you in the war ?
it was such an uneventful thing , almost like going to sleep and waking up in another reality .
then a remarkable thing began to happen .
his aura arms opened wide to make sure we were all watching and understanding what a great thing he had discovered .
one odd thing about here , david said , his aura now exuding a touch of pale robin - egg blue .
what a great thing to yawn and close the eyes and forget .
the tv program had something to do with tsunamis , which was the sort of thing budda liked to watch .
it was the funniest thing stuart had ever seen .
the only thing that could make the moment better for stuart is if he could think of something clever to say , just like tough guys did in the movies before they snapped some loser thugs neck .
the next thing sam knew , he was gripping andrew by the shirt collar and pinning him onto the computer keyboard .
i think that blindness is the most terrible thing that could happen to someone .
the deliberate construction of an illusion often lasts longer than the real thing .
reading fiction is a refuge for useless people , a dream country for those who can not make things happen .
` ` in my practice , '' lucy said , ` ` many women who never worked believe that work is the most horrible thing that could ever happen to them .
a strange thing happens .
its a funny thing , eli .
and after another contemplative moment , she continued , and i may not know what is going on , but i do know one thing .
a world of joy and happiness in a clean little rose garden , where the songs of nightingales filled the air telling of things to come .
the main thing though is , unless there really is a fire , you stay locked in the vestry at night no matter what happens out in the church .
the odd thing was picking him up in prison recordsand that was off the record in every sense .
` ` i mean , people paid for tickets to this thing tonight . ''
baldwin realizes he must have given an involuntary start at hearing the spontaneous recognition of what he hoped was becoming their relationship , because the next thing he notices is that she winks at him and smiles fleetingly before turning back to continue speaking .
i assumed your father had been a shaman before you , that kind of thing .
the whole thing strikes zeph as odd .
guard against that sort of thing happening here by putting cats into hospitals .
after thinking about it for another few seconds she asks him , ` ` do you really think all these people could be affected by this virus thing , whatever it is ?
` ` that sort of thing does happen .
in fact you two could set up an event together , a tea and toast kind of thing .
` ` that means this thing could be a lot more widespread than we ' ve been thinking , at least up north . ''
and you go looking and the first thing you see are big square gold and teal buttons .
the thing with the waitress in little rock ?
looking back the last thing that gene could remember that brought him any happiness was a ten minute conversation with myriam flagent alongside the dirty piles of snow lining the sidewalk in front of reimans on a bitterly cold december day .
the last thing i needed was one more thing to think about ; but i stopped to listen .
she was the best thing that had ever happened to me .
she is the best thing that ever happened to you , lewis said .
but the funny thing is , my credit card has been missing .
but then an odd thing occurred to elizabeth .
its still possible were being manipulated by a dj looking for media coverage , so we need to come at this thing with occams razor and every scientific explanation we can muster .
the first thing i ended up writing about was my mom , who left me and my dad when i was little .
i could nt figure out if he was just being nice to me cuz he would ve been nice to a deformed monster too or what and then it did nt matter because the class was over and then it was the summer and then the whole freakshow thing happened and i became boo radley .
it was the worse thing that ever happened to me and i wanted to wring his fucking neck i was so worried .
but then another thing happened while i was walking home from school one day .
then the trippiest thing of them all happened .
there was significant news coverage about the whole thing but after a couple months i did nt have to have my cell ringer on silent anymore and fewer reporters knocked on my door .
and another new thing happened .
and the funny thing is , i remembered what subject matter i chose back then .
next thing i know , regan accused me of touching her boobs .
it was nt a planned thing between us , he sulked .
what happened between desiree and i was just a freak thing that turned out to be more meaningful than either of us could ve ever thought possible .
they must ve planned the whole thing .
it was the last thing miles saw before the pirates of the caribbean swept him away into darkness .
the worst thing that could happen would be he would have to take one of those old folks jobs at wal - mart greeting people as they walked in the door .
that s weird , thought catherine , the carefully written phrase catching her attention for a moment because it seemed like such an odd thing to be scrawled in a patch of grime on the side of a minivan .
the last thing he remembered was traveling at a high rate of speed , skidding along a razors edge at the end of the world .
the whole thing was actually turning out to be great fun , although steve was nt sure the local authorities would admit to feeling the same way .
i have faith , thought miles with wonder , completely amazed that such a thing could happen to him .
miles thought it was at least within the realm of possibility that an enterprising individual who encountered them on the roof of his clinic late at night might be able to connect the dots between a sculpture being set up in phoenix atop a clinic and the same thing having happened not so long ago on top of a clinic in lincoln , nebraska .
we ve been planning this thing since christmas .
ryan brosh is the greatest thing to happen to the world since saved by the bell .
girls are nt supposed play dirty games in secret corridors until high school , and ryan broshthe closest thing to an authority figure in that cavewas taking advantage of her innocence and disregarding the two vital years between them , first with this question , later with a kiss .
but this new sinthis thing she did to poor trevor tooth fairyit was so disturbing that she could nt even say it because saying it might taint my perception of the perfect girl .
your ol man called my uncle after i did that thing to the cat .
but sams organizing the whole thing and said that anyone who wanted to go with him would nt have anything to worry about .
this is nt the kind of thing you can just keep a secret .
when we finally decided that the coast was clear the first thing we realized was that we d all made our food rations stretch those three days , but that we were famished an dehydrated , an none a us thought that we could make it out .
thanks , i m kind of worried because i could nt get anyone to proofread it for me , and my professor is really hard on typos and that sort of thing .
have to get on that first thing tomorrow .
regrets a horrible thing if it does nt change the way you re living at this exact moment .
its a hard thing fer a man ta believe in god if he ai nt ready fer it .
ask yourself this : what is the best thing that has ever happened to her ?
19 last thing on friday , just as she was on the point of leaving - already with ideas for the weekend , a long bath , then a night out at the club deja vu - her work colleague was at her elbow .
was it because they found out about his past , the thing when he was an actuary , and not a supervisor of a children learning centre .
joey tells us about everything that happened over christmas break , admitting that the most newsworthy thing to happen was us , moving away so abruptly .
i think she got the right guy in the end , but what a horrible thing to suffer through .
just keep your eyes on me through the whole thing .
the only thing i remember from the trip to tijuana with doug and danny , the three of us stuffed into cab of the pickup , is standing at a bar trying to match them with shots of tequila .
we are stoned on buddha weed , the whole thing is in slow motion .
then , in a way which makes sense only when you ve watched the whole thing and listened to the commentary , the band returns to the stage for an unplanned encore after the concerts over .
the next thing i knew , we were engaged and i was in texas .
first thing , were up and running .
i have a shamefully easy access to memory , like reaching into my hondas glovebox where i keep lorraines , forgive me , gorgeous melancholy , the rear view of lorraine in her unflawed jeans , and every other thing that breaks my heart .
the only thing ursa major does not say is when .
ricardo always began the explanation in the same way , by stating that it was nt a sudden thing , that no , no , it was a gradual thing that took sometimes almost as long as three minutes .
ricardo knew that if such a thing had happened to him as a young boy , he would have been terrified .
gon na see a guy , cheetah says , about a thing .
the other thing that could happen is that we could die .
there s only one time a century to be in the right place where things are going on and people are alive and that place right now is southeast asia .
the next thing on benefit by castle freeman , jr . from the new england review when the police in miamiif police is what they wereasked sharon how long she had been on benefit island , she found she did nt know for sure .
jon told me about the morning - after thing , he said .
halsa had already said , too , that there was nt enough time to write to fred wagner before five and they should do it first thing in the morning .
sure , sooner or later some bad thing would happen , the horses might take sick and die for example , or a storm might knock out the windows , or a hundred unexpected details like that which might require some outside intervention .
in the last emails leading up to that time , calvin moaned more and more about the return of his son and ` ` that dreadful thing '' , which is how he referred to her mother .
she 'd thought , well , maybe they just had n't gotten along , rubbed each other the wrong way , that sort of thing .
calvin had told parts of the story to earl , parts to cookie , more parts to jarvis and beech , but never the whole thing together .
she did n't have much of a memory for that kind of thing , when people 's birthdays were or which actors were in which movies .
at the time , though , it was probably the most amazing thing that had ever happened to him .
and that 's the most embarrassing thing that 's ever happened to me .
from his perspective at the far edge of the room , the short and turbulent life of michael conner seemed a sad small thing to witness .
he said , a final attempt : robert summers is having a thing ... do you want to go ?
the only good thing to come of it was that my control was much better .
the accident and emergency department and hospital wings were as quiet as usual first thing in the morning : there s always time for things to change ... she thoughtin my life : it always gets busy as soon as i think its going to be a quiet day !
slowly thing started to blur and he started gasping , ` ` do n't let me die ! ''
this became a regular thing , a local tradition , with each household in turn hosting the gathering , with offerings of food from each household .
her dying was not a thing for infant to do .
if a thing is so , it was meant to be so !
our divorce was one thing .
the only sad thing now is that we forgot to get beer to drink with our meal .
it was first thing in the morning so the inside was clean and jackie and i were the only customers inside .
it was the one thing he had not foreseen .
i wish we could forget the whole thing , she said .
and it was at about this time , too , that the blanket began to appear , the one thing unforeseen .
remember , please , that it is not realwe have no such thing in our valleys , remember ? its some sort of invention , this snake that invades the sweet understanding between a boy and a girl and swells it and turns it sticky .
bruno looks away again , averting the detestable thing that has brought this aboutthough , of course , he knows the book is not to blame , but the surrounding imbeciles whoslaves to the wordknow no better .
or perhaps i imagined the whole thing , she almost whispered .
that was as real as anything , was the most real thing shed ever experienced .
and bill suddenly realized that he was watching a wonderful thing .
but other than that one thing , things were going so well .
of course she had imagined the whole thing .
the most significant thing that happened at this point was that nothing else happened .
she had believed elsie at first , that she had dreamed the whole thing as she said .
i m sure she imagined the whole thing , and has since realized that she did .
what a thing to notice .
i was nt there for the whole thing , remember ?
he remembered it vaguely , remembered the pain , but found the whole thing unpleasant , to put it mildly .
elsie shook her head again , trying to gain some sort of perspective on this awful , awful thing .
she was not aware of forming the wordshe was only aware of the unnatural thing at the bottom of the stairsbut rather , almost in spite of herself , heard her mouth let go of her answer , yes .
by stonewalling he had confirmed her derangement , had proven to carder , and to karen , the beth was indeed crazy , that she had imagined the whole thing .
it was an odd thing for her to ask , he thought , and then he almost asked for some , for it smelled really good and he had been a dedicated coffee drinker for years before he discovered green tea .
the one thing that the paper does not allow for is los angeles , not at all .
maybe i could come by and watch , you know , fly on the wall sort of thing ?
you know , wrong floor , meant to go to five , that sort of thing .
and , another thing occurred to her .
: it was the most wonderful thing karen had ever witnessed .
the thing is i was driving fingersthats right , i used to call her fingerswhen i crashed , when i died .
interesting thing this .
one more interesting thing about this .
he had several copies made of the tape first thing this morning , he said .
your petition will be heard first thing tomorrow .
karen started at the beginning , and it took a little while before elsie understood what the problemthe very bad thing karen said she had doneactually was .
thenand she had turned this over and over in her mind since hobbs had told herthen there really was no such thing as death .
leonard wondered if she was accustomed to strange parties of people arriving first thing in the morning .
they all looked in that direction and saw the same thing .
god , this thing went on forever .
had he been touched , and then ascendedshaking himself free of the stormwell , that s one thing .
only thing is , you ca nt do anything about it .
and for a momentfor his mom watched him so intently that he mistook her mien for understandinghe was even wondering if perhaps the same thing had happened to her .
he was definitely not alone , othersif wrongly diagnosedhad experienced the same thing , and more recently than ancient india .
apparently nothing like the real thing , though , from what the other boysthose who had done it , or claimed to have done itsaid .
exchanging good wishes , that sort of thing , all the while the range and depth of harrys scent kept improving : alice in accounting was dangerously close to heat , he could tell .
if the fire is what it appears to beand nothing points to anything differentit is the most monstrous thing i ve ever seen the season do to people .
the media made much of it , many interviews on television , that sort of thing .
its like willing yourself to a surface , when that surface is not really where you want to be through a fog or a sea which offers resistance ; i have to push my pen against it to form these letters , these letters , these l - e - t - t - e - r - s. that is the odd thing , this warm rustling , rumbling , grumbling , thunder , when it fills you , even though you know , you knowreally , you do knowthat it is not necessarily the most wholesome feeling in the world , you could even know that indeed it was noxious , still you want to drown , you actually want to drown .
he laughed at that , as the self - fulfilling something or other , not sure what , of the thing ; he should make a note of that , too , in his journal .
fishing up the remote from the table , he switched the television back on and tuned to the pasadena seasonal service , a constantly updated accountnot unlike a traffic report , only more detailedof current seasonal calamities such as team fights , police interventions , fires , that sort of thing .
more than likely she was the owner of the house , for he saw no activity withinwhich there usually was if your property was invaded by a team in action : calls to the police , threats , with weapons to back them , from windows , that sort of thing .
well , that s some thing , she said , and harman - karman could hear something of the normal , unshocked alwyn moore returning .
well , that s some thing , she said .
the next thing she noticed as all five foot eleven of harman - karman , concernand a shadow of needon his face .
for there is nt really such a thing as failure in the face of the storm , is there ?
alwyns wound is almost healed ( which is an amazing thing in and of itselfi wonder if that is seasonal influence , regeneration in the air and such ; something to look into ) .
its a nice thing to behold .
that instant lasted not even a heart beat , not even one of her now racing heart beats , her heart suddenly in on the news and instantly desperate to escape , thrashing around like someone bound and doused with gasoline and now on fire , trying to relieve itself of flesh and chest and skin ; for not even one of those rapid - fire heart beats did that just right temperature last , for in that one racing beat the flame soared to inferno , a loud thing now to her ears that she tried to but could not escape for she was it .
: and then the same nurse wheeled the now fixed - up thing in to recovery where they left it in dim light , barely visible , pale nonetheless , as with its own light , a near casualty worse for the wear , and lara looked and looked and had the sudden and chilling certainty that here and now , in this quiet and antiseptic darkness , now and here ( so quiet she could hear the rest of the hospital as a breathing , rushing about thing all around her , as a well - controlled mayhem taking place in all directions , around this heart of stillness ) ; in this quiet now and here she had a choice : she could stay , or she could go .
and then , sitting down now , the realization still growing and showing no signs of abating , reeling him with each new and ever larger incarnation , harry realized that in that cruel momentharry saw harman - karman bleeding on the living room floor , pleading with him : lwin , lwin , and harry , clueless harry , powerless to grant this thing that his friend needed the mostharman - karman had lost not only all motion , but the one person he had lost it for : lwin .
the one thing it did nt do , hurt .
a thing to expect with impressive and worthwhile territories : they have already been found impressive and worthwhile by others , have already discovered , are now nurtured and protected ; and this rise and fall of the near infinite provided no exception : it was already under the dominion of stern though benign winged creatures ; birds , yes , birds , it was the realm of large intergalactic birds .
: they returned often with still more prisoners , all released into the stream of earthly life , all soon caught in the web of procreation and its rewards , all soon oblivious of their eternal history or how they ended up here , focused as they were on this one thing , this one wonderful thing or making more .
and , harry , the strangest thing .
not the worst thing that could have happened , he had his fair share of things tucked away for a rainy day .
: as harry and lara watched , they returned again and again with still more prisoners , all released into the stream of earthly life , all soon caught in the web of procreation and its rewards , all soon oblivious of their eternal history or how they ended up here , focused as they were on this one thing , this one wonderful thing or making more .
: as harry and lara watched , they returned again and again with still more prisoners , all released into the stream of earthly life , all soon caught in the web of procreation and its rewards , all soon oblivious of their eternal history or how they ended up here , focused as they were on this one thing , this one wonderful thing or making more .
by far , the best thing i ' ve ever seen on live tv .
i proceed to leave them and get totally drunk and forget the whole thing ever happened , until i see her there three days later , in uniform , serving some douchebag a beer .
since we were n't technically dating or whatever kara did n't see our rendezvous as a thing to be kept secret , so she casually mentioned to some of her coworkers that she was going to the open mic at holiday club that night .
i almost tell her that paiger was never my girlfriend and is actually a reporter doing a story on the dodger and that the whole thing at snakepit was an act , that we had been keeping tabs on her for a week before that fateful encounter , that paiger was just holding up her end of a bargain , a bargain that revolved around me telling her everything .
not only that she and joe had sex , but that the whole thing at dungeon was an act .
hell , maybe this whole thing will result in kara becoming more famous than paiger or i could ' ve ever dreamed .
i want the last thing she sees to be me , arms outstretched around that pretty little neck , me , the final person she gets to fuck over , me , choking the ever loving life from her itty bitty body .
i remember belindas sweet face crumpling with horror , heard her run from the room and after that things were disjointed , like clips from black and white films where the sound and images have nt been properly synchronised or put in the right sequence .
this is a common thing in rome , all this fondling and things and you re supposed to shout about it , make a noise , a nice big noise , not stand there and blush .
well , the thing is lizzie , there s been an accident .
i guess it must be a vasalla thing , huh ?
when i think about that now , i guess its kind of a funny thing to reminisce about .
it felt strange for such a thing to happen , given the circumstances .
its the saddest , loneliest thing you could imagine .
these included ( but were not limited to ) : the ability to cry real tears out of happiness or sadness , to be romantic , to be unwittingly selfless , to seek commitment , to argue for the sake of arguing , to reconcile for the sake of reconciliation , to be too proud to admit one is wrong , to get bored with someone , to be wittingly selfish , to feel shame despite being too proud to admit it , to regret the past , to laugh at ones own foolishness , to laugh at others shortcomings , to laugh at the hopelessness of ones situation , to laugh in the mirth of new beginnings , to dream of something better for oneself , to have hope that things will get better , to feel satisfied when things do , to get caught up in the moment , to lose perspective , to lose touch with nature , to forget the context of ones existence , to carry on traditions despite forgetting their importance , to feel disconnected from the rest of ones kind , to question whether something is wrong with oneself , to have high or low self - esteem , to enjoy the company of others just for the sake of their company , to engage in repartee so as to avoid an uncomfortable situation , to make a joke , to force a laugh at a joke one does nt understand or think is funny if only to spare embarrassment for all involved , to want to feel accepted , to harbor a morbid fascination with dramatic situations or gossip , to feel humiliated , to feel out of place , to feel lonely even when in the company of others , to feel either empowered , guilty , or humbled by the very thought of ones own humanity , to self - analyze , to underestimate ones own potential , to feel at the mercy of others , to fear that one may suffer due to a misstep taken here or there , to take whatever actions necessary to avoid such suffering , to come to grips with ones mortality , to crave power over others , to have it all and still want more , to want to feel unique or special , to seek to outdo oneself , to look for meaning in all things big and small , to substitute objects for happiness , to seek answers to ones existence , to seek an end to ones pain , to feel empty , to see the error of ones ways , to wish one were young again just to name a few .
these included ( but were not limited to ) : the ability to cry real tears out of happiness or sadness , to be romantic , to be unwittingly selfless , to seek commitment , to argue for the sake of arguing , to reconcile for the sake of reconciliation , to be too proud to admit one is wrong , to get bored with someone , to be wittingly selfish , to feel shame despite being too proud to admit it , to regret the past , to laugh at ones own foolishness , to laugh at others shortcomings , to laugh at the hopelessness of ones situation , to laugh in the mirth of new beginnings , to dream of something better for oneself , to have hope that things will get better , to feel satisfied when things do , to get caught up in the moment , to lose perspective , to lose touch with nature , to forget the context of ones existence , to carry on traditions despite forgetting their importance , to feel disconnected from the rest of ones kind , to question whether something is wrong with oneself , to have high or low self - esteem , to enjoy the company of others just for the sake of their company , to engage in repartee so as to avoid an uncomfortable situation , to make a joke , to force a laugh at a joke one does nt understand or think is funny if only to spare embarrassment for all involved , to want to feel accepted , to harbor a morbid fascination with dramatic situations or gossip , to feel humiliated , to feel out of place , to feel lonely even when in the company of others , to feel either empowered , guilty , or humbled by the very thought of ones own humanity , to self - analyze , to underestimate ones own potential , to feel at the mercy of others , to fear that one may suffer due to a misstep taken here or there , to take whatever actions necessary to avoid such suffering , to come to grips with ones mortality , to crave power over others , to have it all and still want more , to want to feel unique or special , to seek to outdo oneself , to look for meaning in all things big and small , to substitute objects for happiness , to seek answers to ones existence , to seek an end to ones pain , to feel empty , to see the error of ones ways , to wish one were young again just to name a few .
` ` the thing , '' said julian , ` ` is that according to einstein , nothing in this universe can travel faster than light .
there was no way of telling ( without ruining the experiment ) whether the ram connected monitor showed the same thing up until second 8 - for at second 8 , the particles evidently revised the history stored in ram to show a continued presence , but without violating prior agreements , as ruth had put it , they could not alter the history irrevocably burned into the eproms .
` ` the worst thing that could possibly happen to cal tech as an institution , '' julian told ruth , ` ` is that they sign off on these findings only to have them disproved .
and your plan was to widen that recognition , then build on that , on those credentials , to make your voice not only heard - not and easy thing these days - but believed . ''
one thing happens which causes another thing to happen .
one thing happens which causes another thing to happen .
he also knew the stillness under starry sky when the entire committee seemed to have agreed to pull in the same direction , to see and find the same thing .
he checked his watch once , twice , and then again , to get this thing started so we can move onto lunch .
well , that s one thing we can be certain of , said jones .
another thing i discovered that spring was that i loved buildings .
but how come we dreamed the same thing ?
mandar cleared his throat again , a curious thing to hear a monkey do , but it got our attention .
its not a sad thing , she said .
which , looking back at it now , was probably the best thing that could have happened to harriet .
strange thing , though , some took to calling this mountain idol by the strange sounding : jhvh , which after abram had heard it whispered about the tents for a while he finally inquired into .
in the end the thing to know is that his life stopped , like a car in a ditch .
and so , with the confirmation from dale , jude pulled over and turned off the headlights and blaise stepped out of the car and scanned the skies for the thing he had seen .
good god , when i saw the awful thing they were planning , i wanted to talk to my father oh blaise i heard nothing !
the next thing , i was awake again , super awake , with the same perfect vision of everything around me .
of course , no such thing happened and after we left them danny wanted to drive around for a while before going home .
it was becoming a big thing and michelle decided it was time to organize an event .
and this one thing was special : when i stopped at a big tree , i realized , i d never seen a tree before now they were majestic , like mountains , and their branches spread out , all different but all perfectas if they knew what they were doing .
what was the last thing he saw ?
i nod my head , looking heavenward , wiping the tears from my eyes , and not wanting to miss a thing .
the weird thing is that he really did nt want to watch that and he changed the channel .
i m doing it so that the same thing wo nt happen to other people any more just like it is happening , every day , to people all over keretani .
funny thing , is nt it ?
he said , but people like you got involved because they saw that a new thing was happening .
however , there was one thing that i nearly did nt survive .
the emotion had been so powerful , and my urge to destroy had been so compelling , that at times i almost wanted to erase the whole thing from my memory .
it is not a nice thing to happen .
i have to tell you that the council decided that one way or another , this thing must end today .
he said , i m here to tell you that the school council has instructed me to say that this thing must end right now .
man , next thing , well be hearing that they ve done a nice , neat swap .
miss renkula set the whole thing up .
i have mentioned his idea of chicken with greater calm and without any personal distorsion , i have told him of as we had intention to organize the thing and i have offered him a beer .
the beautiful thing is that of ants in that house nobody had ever seen the shade .
it tried to see her / it as a thing ever happened and , at least up to that moment , i thought there you / he / she had succeeded .
at 12.45 o'clock we were all and four ready for the lunch , thing that never happened when we lived together everybody , because each of us had his / her own times , his / her own dishes , the own tovaglietta .
mark was bored , thing that did n't often happen .
i feared to owe to compare me on the theme and of mine i have simply declared that if they were dead or less we did n't know him / it and however we would have had to forget us in hurry of that thing .
mark , thing that really i did n't expect me , you / he / she has calmed down him / it and you / he / she has promised .
if really i have to unbalance me , i can say you that the only thing that i would desire it is that to the ceremony nobody cried .
the thing would seem to end there , but suddenly david curti thrusts a dry heading to the cousin of chicken that collapses lifeless .
in reality it came even to laugh because it was a so ridiculous thing that seemed impossible could happen .
during the trip i have assisted , in the solitary convenience of the back seats , to the sharp pain communication among the two partners that set every thing before the event .
chicken and gianca , unthinkable thing up to few months they were already before in front of the gate of the villa , and they smoked nervous attending my appearance .
we have crossed the threshold entry on the notes of '' oh happy days '' , thing not to be believed .
this thing i believe really not to be able to explain her / it !
harmons out on a tour , which is a pretty rare thing these days .
it got so i could nt workperformance anxiety , panic attacks , chronic self - doubt , that sort of thing .
he left because he guessedcorrectlythat the only thing that would force me to bond with you two would be his leaving .
the only thing is i still ca nt figure how to get around la yet .
it is a disgusting thing for him to do this to you .
he tells adel how being married to ayca was the best thing that happened to him .
did it ever occur to you that maybe you two were enjoying each others company and then one thing led to another ?
they often described his family life events such as when his wife put him on the couch again because of a comment he made to her about her cooking or some silly thing .
maybe it is good this thing happened .
what a wonderful thing for alice to do .
ill have to make them first thing in the morning .
kurt , first thing tomorrow morning , luther will be coming down to see you with a request for a check for five million dollars .
` ` you saw no such thing . ''
she smiled as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
we did , at school , you know , the big thing in the stadium .
we will get you out of the country first thing .
we never saw much activity , just cars coming and going , generals , that sort of thing .
one thing michael and i had neglected to do was to actually learn how to shine shoes .
another thing that went wrong was the dj -- bruce , forgetting to bring our wedding song .
except , the other thing that happened that when i walked to tell peter , i also reviewed in my mind how i was destroying the squat , that group .
i saw the whole thing , but my mind was elsewhere .
that kind of thing , but i did nt pay any attention to that .
i ve looked charlie in the eye and i ve looked our own brass in the eye and i know one thing as sure as i m standing here .
this kind of thing right before i go to court is going to cause albertson more trouble than he realizes .
the last thing i saw before i disappeared into the night was the snakes pouring out of their clubhouse , running to get to their bikes as fast as they could , screaming incoherent war cries , loud enough to drown out the dogs that had never stopped barking and were now driven to high frenzy by the excitement .
but no such thing happened , and madgelyn porter , convinced that she had done a necessary and righteous deed , unlocked the door of her polished burgundy buick , positioned herself behind the steering wheel , and drove away from the despised realm of ariel place .
the demonstration seemed simple , but as a testament to its power , it was the thing most talked about by grace girls who had graduated from beck and moved on to adult lives .
something like the thing tracy had seen when she was little and walked in and saw mama and the man , his head in a place no persons head should be .
but scooby , it was the best thing ever happened to me !
but that s a horrible thing for an adult to see , much less a child .
maybe such a thing would happen at the christmas eve party .
to be invited there was a dream come true for wanda , for many a day she had languished in class or at home , fantasizing about just such a thing .
but the next thing i know , she s with me in the family lounge and sleeping in one of my beds !
you know you re the best thing ever happened to me !
captain comes by first thing in the morning to let you know you re in his crew .
the one thing that could have picked him up was the chance to talk with steve .
the next thing i saw was the lantern getting thrown .
the only thing that the bell represented was that he would have to go to english class .
the weirdest thing of all was when they were under martial law last week .
the next thing he knew he was on the ground laying face up .
the only thing that we knowsuspectis not good : that they have taken , by force , one of ours .
i understand that the same type of thing could happen if we return to earth with her .
the key is to get the cameras from both ships focusing on the exact same thing at the same time .
but there was one thing that happened that lifted her spirits .
i see this sort of thing in my own family all the time .
he just assumed that she had left any of her youthful entanglements in the past , and that her and max 's relationship was nothing more than the kind of harmless high school thing that one remembers with fondness , but not regret .
one thing that he learned quickly was that boston was a wonderful place to spend a few months , but it was n't a place he wanted to live longterm .
he did not think that such a thing as this could happen in a modern world .
their plot backfired when they both ended up grounded for a week for lying because tom overheard them planning the whole thing .
the ceremony was brief , sensually overwhelming with simultaneous beauty in words , colors , music , lights , fragrances and movement , and by far the most romantic thing that winnie had ever witnessed .
it was the greatest thing that could happen to the foxes and it meant neil could never accept wymack 's offer .
she deals with the really serious cases on campus : suicide watch , budding psychopaths , that sort of thing .
that left only one thing that neil knew of .
sign your name on the appropriate lines and give these back to me first thing tomorrow .
they made sure i got to school and got my checkups and kept my grades up , that kind of thing , but they did n't know my teachers ' names or watch any of my games .
kevin 's smile was a brittle and bitter thing .
this kind of thing should only happen in fairy tales , do n't you think ?
after you eat you and mr . holden get in the humvee and he says our helo is meeting us at camp denton so we got to drive back over there and return this humvee but its not going to be there until tomorrow so you want to go up to the camps and you say sure sir lets go and then the marine you drove down here shows up limping a little and he says that they lanced his foot and shot him up with antibiotics and he needs a ride back and can we get him one and mr . holden says sure but were going up to the camps first thing this morning and you mind and he says no sir i guess they wo nt miss my ass for a few hours and so he hops in the back and settles in and you start the humvee and you pull out of the camp to the main road and he points you left and you go up the hill to the camps .
bri woke later that day feeling refreshed and eager to tackle anything , and the first thing was the call of her famished stomach .
orlson nodded , although it was not rare thing to be .
congressman bell was giving an interview , talking about what a tragedy the entire thing had been .
in fact , that may be the one thing i am certain of that you ca n't really know anything for certain . ''
the only thing i asked , the only thing , was to withhold tv today .
i hope this is n't the first time you ' ve heard of such a thing .
what a nice thing to try .
my kids are getting crazy , and i need a good full - time man , because marak farms is about to be the fastest thing moving in this town .
there 's some thing 's ' appen which we ca n't explain , '' said paddy .
again the same thing happened , the images shook and broke up .
` ` i ' m wondering if it was anything to do with the thing in the sky , '' said davey .
` ` do like yer did when yer looked in the temple , remember , yer said that you were just thinking it then next thing we was in there ! ''
davey tucked into the meal , throughout it he did not dare exchange glances with his father , the slightest thing would have triggered them both off , it was all he could do to eat without thinking of the expression on mr quirk 's face as the slug buried itself into him .
remember how you got me to think about the shaman , next thing we found him ?
and how i wanted to see inside the palace next thing we was in there ? ''
` ` there 's another thing i ' ve just thought of , when i was chased by the dog , i wanted to run fast and i ran so fast it could hardly catch me . ''
first thing strikes me lad is that everyone 's headin ' for the city .
@ aand there 's another thing , when i was talking to her in carnatic , she told me that she 'd seen me before , that she recognised me .
it 's like she 's trapped and the horrible thing is that she knows that the shaman is somewhere out there waiting to get her .
if there s one thing worse than being out on the streets , its being out there alone .
appearing out of nowhere , diving spectacularly , and catching the ball bare - handed would be the kind of thing kids would talk about the whole summer .
abruptly , david realized two things : first , his chin , palms , in fact his whole body , no longer burned or ached .
the other thing he remembered was shelton .
the last thing i hear him say is , the next block of 30 commercial - free songs goes out to tamburlaine , wherever he may be .
a dozen cities in three weeks , james says , and everywhere people are talking about the same thing .
cindys on the living room couch , watching the soap opera love is a many splendored thing on james television .
that s an odd thing for you to ask .
between one thing and another , i ve got like over three thousand dollars .
they claimed it was a religious ceremony , but it was nt like any kind of thing honest folks have ever seen .
~ ~ ~ thursday , march 30 i ve woken up beside enough women to know that its impossible for them even the most beautiful of the species not to reveal at least one imperfection first thing in the morning .
for all they know , this sort of thing happens here every day .
one thing i am sure of is a face on stage that i d never thought to see again , at least in the flesh , playing one of the lead parts .
my friend tatyana kept pretty close tabs , and she says the worst thing that happened during his sentence is that one afternoon they ran out of strawberry ice cream for the prisoners snack .
yeah , he s talked to me about that thing .
the funny thing is , though , that you ve picked out the only poet in the magazine with any talent at all .
the first thing i spot when i arrive is citizen playing frisbee with a bunch of heads .
jimmy thinks this is the funniest thing he s ever seen .
he was a theater major up at macalester college in minnesota when the whole thing started .
the sort of thing that happened a lot in 68 .
there s a thing called womens liberation going on .
then the oddest thing : he gave me a blank look like he did nt understand what i was saying , like he d never heard of you , did nt even know he was supposed to have a son .
is that really reggie from love is a many splendored thing ?
three men play pool in the back , and a half dozen more at the bar stare at a black - and - white set playing todays episode of love is a many splendored thing .
leon : i ' m reading about this bill clinton thing .
kane : what if the same thing happens- heart of the people has broken his vows before .
their remains will serve to enrich the soil of poland , so there will be at least one good thing that will result from their having come to this place .
the next thing he was aware of was smith shaking him by the arm , and colling looked up to see that the master sergeants red , flushed face was inches from his own , and he heard his name being shouted at him .
colling was listening intently , and vitarelli continued , it was the damnedest thing , though .
then they went on a field trip for history class , spent the whole day together and the next thing she knew they were holding hands on the bus ride back .
once again , i seemed to be the only one who followed the fake play , because the next thing i knew the ball was in the end zone and everyone was celebrating .
next thing i knew , patrick stole one of my chicken fingers .
that she had a great night plannedthat kind of thing .
at first , it was just wordsnext thing i knew i was outnumbered .
next thing i remember was seeing joey and you .
apparently the crew wanted to make a big thing out of it all .
i could nt believe what you did and that i let joey talk me out of stopping the whole thing .
there was one more thing to celebrate .
he had given up everything for them and the worst thing that would happen would be to regret it .
the one good thing i got from stealing fire from zeus was an immunity to it hurting me .
maybe the whole thing was a dream , but she could feel the wetness of her blood from where she scratched herself .
she was n't sure she could make it through the whole thing alive and kept picturing her mother 's disapproving face .
the worst thing was when she met the gaze of bartholomew .
it must be an orange chakra thing .
my answers are always changing , and i wo nt give you the thesis , but often its : 1 . turquoise ( radiant , electric ) or velvet red ( warm , alive ) 2 . flamingo , peacock ( both are exotic masterpieces ) or tiger ( powerful , majestic ) 3 . bath / shower / waterfall ( weightless , warm / hot , unrelenting and / gravity there s this whole thing with the higher river falling into and merging with the one below .
dong quai : is great for women ; that whole bleeding thing .
the one thing magic did nt do was make its user stupid .
next thing i know she 's yelling at me that i ' m ruining her life and i should just leave you alone because i already have tifa . ''
despite the gusting , cold winds which bore the chilling promise of hypothermia , she knew that this was the most romantic thing that had ever happened to her .
and for a moment , time seemed to disappear , as if being here right now , despite everything that had happened , was the most natural thing in the world .
though he did nt understand how such a thing was possible , alex was nonetheless delighted , and sat next to the rose hoping his sleeping son would dream of fragrant roses until he awoke to see the real one .
as she continued gazing into matthews eyes the strangest thing began to happen ; matthews face seemed to change before her eyes .
at first amelia felt confused , then embarrassed thinking she had imagined the whole thing and then she mistook his reaction as one of arrogance .
there is no such thing as regular warfare what you see on cnn is just little skirmishes to make you think the world is still the same a little warring here , a little terrorism there but the real war is being controlled right here in the hub .
there s no such thing as a coincidence there are no accidents and its no accident that you re here .
the next thing i knew i was waking up in my body !
and so we must get to them first and must drive that fear so far into their hearts that they would nt dare to follow someone in opposition of the father god and we will do this by making the ramifications of their actions extend beyond this life , by telling them that if they do not heed our wishes they can expect to go to hell a place where the most horrible things imaginable actually happen ... then with a smile he added , forever !
however there is one last thing i have seen coming in my meditations there will be those who come here to this planet to teach the power of love , just as alex did , who will take human thought away from the father god of vengeance and remind people of the mother god of love .
ammons heart was ready to explode with joy , but the next thing he remembered he was waking up to the most glorious morning he had ever seen .
the last thing i remember an earthquake hit amelia said shaking her head slightly as she tried to remember what happened .
matthew stroked her hair as she snuggled closer , thinking how this was the most romantic thing that had ever happened to her .
any magic he had seen in the place did nt seem worth the embarrassment of being there at that time , but at least he had the comfort of knowing that he would soon be back at work and could forget the whole thing ever happened .
and in that moment the strangest thing happened .
it felt like the most natural thing in the world .
she giggled and said , he did nt like carrots in the beginning he thinks they re horse food but i told him that was the easiest thing for me to plant , so he learned to like carrots but he always says he just comes for the love .
then a little softer and kinder she said , now , eloise , you get on to bed and first thing tomorrow night i 'll read you any two stories you want .
when eloise was settled into her bed janice put up her sewing and after arranging the fire in the stove for lighting first thing in the morning , turned out the coal lamp and headed for bed .
probably the best thing , to hear his father tell it .
the weirdest thing happened to me this morning .
kind of thing that could be good for the magazine .
funny thing that so many poets describe the sunrise .
it is just a thing that happens , and happens every day .
a very strange thing happened just then .
they seemed to be having a fine night , like time was standing still and they did this kind of thing regularly .
one good thing i learned to cook .
her face had been eaten quickly by time , lines in all the wrong places as though her skin had nt seen the things the rest of us see as we get old .
the people who frequented the beacon were obvious believers of this sort of thing .
next thing i knew , i awoke on a soft couch .
i needed to keep friday nights as a usual thing , or else my secrets would be discovered .
its just a thing , you know ?
i would like to try again , to see if it was a one - time thing , to be honest .
i must have fallen asleep , because the next thing i heard was cecil coming in the front door .
that nice , generous man who had a most horrible thing happen to him .
when the young woman who tried to improv singing came by , she gave me a flask of gin from her coat and thanked me , saying how awful she thought the whole thing was .
too weak to swim , he hoped the tree would appear before dark , for to die by one 's own hand at night , would be a pitiful thing indeed .
you think me a god or a devil and you are embarrassed for yourself and the thing that i witnessed .
` ` at least you remembered , it 's almost the same thing .
my friend and i were in full kit and just happy to be back amongst others when the most unusual thing happened .
we never seriously broke the law mind you , though there was some borderline thievery shopkeepers receiving mysterious amounts of money through the mail for items that had disappeared that type of thing .
i know one thing i have n't confessed up until now , and one thing i had n't confessed to ruth until that day - i found her mother 's journal .
most of our neighbors assume he really is guilty of something , an attitude that angered me until i realized that if they thought otherwise they would have to admit that the same thing could happen to them .
the next thing i knew i was on my feet , heading for the same parlor entrance which had nt been opened since i let alonzo in .
all he saw was his mothers lifeless mouth falling open , and no loving god would allow such an ugly thing to happen .
the next thing i noticed was lyle grabbing a handful of dirt and throwing it on my mothers coffin .
if i d learned anything from murder mysteries , there was no such thing as a perfect murder .
though i was too old for such a thing , it still made lilys eyes brighten at bedtime .
the next thing i knew my clock read 3:00 a.m. , and i was late .
the next thing i knew i was lying on my back on the bed with her straddling me , and she was reaching back to unzip her dress .
she encouraged it by writing down whatever unprecedented thing we did each day .
the last thing she would know was me saying i hated her .
but nothing bad ever came of it , and later cain was sort of flattered by the whole thing .
i want you to change that thing you re doing that report , he said , pointing the detonator at the stacks of paper we had in front of us .
and what s the last thing you remember before you woke up ?
that was the only thing that could have torn my gaze away from the man in front of me .
i prayed for the same thing that i d wished for at my last birthday , and the same thing that my clone - father had wished for at his mothers funeral .
i prayed for the same thing that i d wished for at my last birthday , and the same thing that my clone - father had wished for at his mothers funeral .
the only thing that broke the ceaseless monotony was a low fringe of trees hugging the horizon , far to the south .
` ` i saw the damnedest thing , walking up here today , along the quad .
` ` more than just rumorsback in those free - love days it was almost an everyday thing .
having a child together would have been the most natural thing in the world . ''
and as prepared as they were , the birth , like all births , was concurrently a thing of magisterial beauty and a plunge into suprahuman pandemonium .
someday , again , soon perhaps , something would happen to robert , again a twist , a curve in life 's numinous and pedagogic road , and this thing which happened would gladden and astound him .
well , since the , you know , burning bush thing .
ostensibly this was the best thing that had ever happened to me , us .
one good thing happened at eight sixteen , an hour and twenty three minutes after john left , forty - four minutes before i could leave .
maybe it was just a seasonal thing .
an old man whose bald head was covered in liver spots used to run it , but i could nt remember the stores name , this seemed a bad thing to forget .
to leave the world i know and everyone , wellthe thing is , i never planned to live my life in another country .
outside the window there is nt a thing we can see !
the most inspiring thing i remember whenever i try to query something new is that harry potter was rejected a dozen times before someone gave it a chance .
the other thing i wish i d known was that agents do nt sell all the projects they take on .
mom , we do nt believe in that kind of thing .
you re an important man , sir , and its no unusual thing for you to be called to duty , with or without warning .
that first exposure of such familiarity uttered from him was to constances senses , in that instant , the most intimate thing they could have experienced .
reuniting with staid was the most wonderful thing imaginable , but i hate the thought of its being a blow to anyone , and i wonder what its going to be like on the council now , going forward .
in this one thing did the island disappoint him , for his eye met only an ill - kept field of weeds choking out crops , and vines with twisted branches of dead wood .
i suspected no other thing could come upon me .
one thing only the first beasts face brightened .
beorns heart leapt as he realized his eyes beheld the appointed day of the ancient promise , that one thing came to a close forever , something that even in its greatest beauty had left a tender void in the hearts of the people , and another thing utterly new prepared to begin .
she always flipped on the bathrooms exhaust fan first thing .
if some- thing interrupted me , i started over .
the bad thing that happened that day could have been so much worse .
he s taking a year off to make some money , ski , and that sort of thing .
this whole thing is a pretty big coincidence , i said .
the worst thing we have to do is see his face once in a while , that s all .
i have the whole thing planned out nicely .
eddy , dude , eddy , that s the funniest thing i ever seen in the whole wide world !
ill take you over to the troyers old place first thing tomorrow , timothy said .
the miraculous thing is that god gave you the privilege to be a part of it .
the funny thing is that science does not accept death .
where day to day at home , who knew what weird thing would happen next ?
that s where he would be today , if not for getting dragged off by jackie , and that had been his main movement before the thing at the bank went down .
jj had listened to her whole rant about the thing back on the way home from christmas dinner .
he expected her to say something about the youtube thing .
jj was surprised the thing did nt drag more , actually , but amelia and jackie kept the food and activities coming .
you would think some idiot republicans voting in the deep south were the only thing happening in the nation these days .
this was the kind of thing jackies mom was always going on about , girls getting kidnapped in strangers cars .
although karen told herself it had been a one time thing , guess what , it happened again .
he had told her that their thing was so unique and special and he d never talk about it to anyone .
( this sort of thing drove her crazy no privacy even for her trash . )
too time constraining with this many people , sure , although it made the whole thing less democratic .
and peters new girlfriend came and proved herself invaluable in making the sorts of phone calls that no one else could face alerting various offices , canceling appointments , that sort of thing .
she would be able to take it out , examine it , relive the thing and experience the proper emotions , sometime later .
it had worked as a temporary thing only .
he texted back , reminded of this sort of thing with his sister .
she continued on , more about how this or this other thing might or might not happen .
but bethany had his name , which caused ridiculous confusion to all kinds of people you d think would be prepared for this sort of thing .
jj , when he finally caught up to the news , was pretty damn incredulous , both the he had missed the whole thing , and that so many people had spontaneously gathered and taken over the streets .
teams of those guys had planned the thing out over months and months , placing the dudes in apartments , making practice runs in airports .
when karen had worried that it would be an imposition , mom assured her that she was taking care of catering the thing , jackie was just providing the place .
a bunch of people had comments and there were twitterfeeds that kind of mocked the thing , but a bunch more were totally positive .
the thing is , these pigs have died from a burst lung .
amnesty international , greenpeace , womans refuge that sort of thing .
the next thing was , she took off in their car .
so the next thing was - he disappeared .
there were many theories brought forth by her friends , from an admirer at the college following her to the lodge and hiding out in her room , to someone at the lodge taking a liking to her and investigating her every move , to sarah planning the whole thing , to a ghost from the past haunting the room and falling in love with her .
i purposely stayed in your room , 5 t , for the first two nights and not one thing happened out of the ordinary , but as soon as i changed rooms i find the picture the next morning , kaylee explained to sarah .
emily and her machine spent the evening on the couch , flipping through the channels on the tv screen , not really watching any one thing , stewing over the words that andrew said which she could nt quite manage to catch in her net .
he did nt break down often , but the oddest thing would set him off .
julia , it was the most amazing thing i ever saw .
phil did nt want to ; it was the very last thing he desired .
judgeandjury is setting up a thing at his house .
when she closed her eyes at night , the last thing she usually saw in her mind was the color brown , mixed with red and black .
the ironic thing , cassandra thought , is that cat has turned into a front runner in cross - country .
it was the saddest thing she had ever seen , but it made her feel unbearably happy , too .
she s not used to that kind of thing .
that was probably my favorite thing in the world , the few hours before a transatlantic flight .
i know this must be difficult , but sometimes when your life gets turned on its head its the best thing that can happen .
john , $ 1,200 for the whole thing .
there is no way such a thing is possible .
that s the damnedest thing i ve ever seen , pat marveled .
she saw a frightening thing : a wild - eyed young animal with a bloody ax in one hand and a bloody knife in the other , pure fire coming from his eyes .
sage , that s the damnedest thing i ever saw .
juanita told sage about all the exciting things that had been happening .
i know one thing , he said .
claude thought he d hallucinated the whole thing .
do nt worry , well go fishing first thing tomorrow morning .
the weird thing was , i was having such a nice chat with your mother - in - law when all that erupted .
is nt that an awful thing to do to a child ?
we had a little incident , and we need to call everyone together first thing to talk about it .
first thing i hear is some guy screaming that those screwups at the electric company do nt know their asses from their elbows .
the only thing was , i got a couple of nasty headaches .
the way she moved , it was the sexiest damn thing i ever saw .
it seems everyone on the property is convinced you faked the whole thing , and although at first i discounted what i was hearing , when i actually saw the tape myself ... well , the tape speaks for itself , does nt it ?
even john carrollton , who normally did nt go for that sort of thing , ponied up a fiver to get in .
the next thing claude knew , joan stood outside the car tapping his window .
he was in the crane when the whole thing happened .
next thing i saw , tom lunged across and pushed duncan backwards into the water .
if such a thing were possible .
uncle pat got so freaked out by the whole thing that he wanted to call it off .
for some reason , it made her feel better knowing that it was the second thing that peter had told the truth about .
she tried to consider what her life would be like without peter , but found that she kept coming back to things they had done together and places they had been , and of the promises they had made .
he s just lost his dad , he s confused , he does nt mean any harm ; that sort of thing .
she even slept through the whole thing with next doors cat .
the written words rang true in her heart , and seemed so familiar , as if she had lived each thing .
he came over and shook his nephew 's hand as though it was the most ordinary thing in the world .
i just checked the stacks but could nt find a thing by the author .
that s the sort of thing beatrice monahan ca nt wrap her spastic brain around .
` ` anyway , we got to shooting the breeze the way women do and one thing led to another . ''
* * * first thing monday barry had pe .
that s kind but barry , there are rules about this kind of thing .
first thing tomorrow give me the keys and ill have it fixed before you start at nine ?
unhappily the first thing she saw in the office turned out not to be dwight knee - deep in air conditions parts but him leaning on fionas desk , back to them , chuntering away on her phone .
* * * -i know joanna i know it 's a hell of a thing to ask .
-i ' ve had plenty of practice funny how it goes sometimes / i never wanted to be the domestic one never wanted to be a mother certainly not david 's mother especially not her / he was like a child in a lot of ways / david never really grew up he was so used to having things done for him / it was an incredible thing to see vanessa absolutely incredible the way he could write the things that he did / i moved in with him while we were trying to publish the first book still and he was just starting the second .
todd did n't like seeing that kind of thing , that was n't how a guy 's old man was supposed to behave .
wanted them more than anything but i could n't give them to him or he could n't give them to me no point placing blame pointing fingers now / anyway / he hated to see anything bad about his writing / he was so shy at first so ashamed of it that he could n't disagree with any criticism not even the stuff that was obviously bullshit he just could n't separate himself from it it hurt him he sought out the hurt he thrived on it it made him angry and he always wrote best when he was angry such a male thing to do get angry and retreat to that place that place of control false control / he was never above willful self - deceit .
-look at me vanessa i ' m not getting any younger / huh / just the opposite / my father - in - law has pretty advanced dementia it was a hard thing for david to go through / he always had a rough relationship with his father he was always putting off reconciliation he would always say that he 'd fix it next year next time you know how it goes and then of course it was too late he went to visit his father once and when he came back he could hardly speak not for days eventually he told me about it / he got there and his father did not recognize him he kept asking for his son the little boy who had been his child only yesterday now all grown up a sixty year - old - man / imagine that one day you open your eyes and your child has become an old man this world is revolting what 's the point of going on if it can all be wiped out all just vanish decades of your life all your relationships what is the point of being alive if we 're going to die i honestly do n't understand / david sat there beside his father who did not recognize him and he tried to make conversation the old man pissed his pants did n't even realize it just sat there in his sadness soaking in cooling urine david told me later that he wanted to strangle him not because he wanted to hurt him just because he knew that it was what his father his true father would have wanted / for david the worst part the most horrible aspect of the whole thing he never got to hear his father forgive him for everything never got to hear him apologize either / david apologized for everything and that old man that stranger just looked confused and asked what the hell he was talking about .
it 's a strange thing to receive a death sentence , to have it marked down for you like that .
-i ' m sorry / seems a terrible thing to admit here does n't it ?
i knew i was once again a step ahead of them , and i voraciously feasted upon this new state of affairs as i rubbed my palms together and waited for the next thing to happen .
the next thing she knew the i d was in her hand ; when she put the i d in her pocket it all disappeared .
i have to admit , it is a pleasant thing to lose control and let someone else .
the laugh that followed her words echoed inside his ears and seemed to silence the whole bar ; the next thing ricardo knew they were alone : they were in the street .
juliet obviously knew something about it , had helped planned it , no doubt , but he did nt care , he put absolutely faith in her and it was a relief to shirk off the responsibility of knowledge , some things just happen and that s it , he reminded himself again ; she would have only said some strange thing about karma or retribution anyway .
the sand stuck to the side of their faces and ricardo breathed it in ; he wanted this , he wanted this to be the last of all things , the very last thing .
perhaps the next thing he would discover was that a woman was one of the 13 at christs final supper .
i see , perhaps you should pop in as soon as you can , first thing this morning .
the bad thing happened that year .
that was like the most fucking disgusting bad thing i could imagine happening and it probably made me pass out .
its a nice thing to look forward to though .
targeting the getaway vehicle , the couple ambled hand - in - hand and grinned as if their love was the most natural thing in the world .
she was struck , when , on returning from her walk and going into the east room , the first thing which caught her eye was a fire burning .
gerard winstanley was a righteous man , but he also knew how to write directly from his heart and grandfather would say that this one thing made all the difference .
he saw these things but mostly he saw that she was gone , and that her coffee remained , and in a sad heart - slump moment he shook his head and tried to shield his mind from the conviction that he had lost her .
it was dependent upon favour that winnie had heaped up in a place outside of the world , and these things occurred largely there and not within in this limited world .
they broke through words and all words fell away from them , and they rose further and still further , and such things were wrought and brought about that can not be inscribed within books or poems or anywhere else reliant upon the abject poverty of words .
i do n't know what lies he 's told you about staying in this apartment , but this kind of thing is n't allowed in canada .
if it 's one thing i ca n't stand , it 's this whole sanctity of the family bullshit .
the big one , a massive earthquake , was about the only thing , barring russell 's invasion of the united states .
she was adamant and it was his duty to make sure it happened for her , this one all - important thing that might turn her life around .
so was it a onetime thing or are you going to see him again ?
the thing that i find most curious is that you say they bring a half a dozen foster families to live with them in the summer .
for a ten - year old boy to see his sister and brother and father and mother buried under cold stones was a heartbreaking thing .
the whole crowd shouted , hello , amanda the announcement made amanda even more nervous but she was secretly delighted with the whole thing .
the other thing that happened that afternoon was done in private .
then the absolutely greatest spectacular thing was when he said that he had never been in love , and so he hoped that when he sang that song , it somehow came across .
so you admit the whole thing was staged .
as ian and laura talked in the front seat , amanda thought about change and what a mysterious , unexpected and miraculous thing it was .
the same thing had happened when she had first met her friend kara .
the first thing that went wrong with the book launch was that the gathered media types could not resist removing the plastic separator between the fighting man - of - war fish .
and the worst thing of all for laura was that in some part of her she was not sure that he was nt right .
the one thing he did nt expect was that wayne would have already taken up amandas cause .
the one thing laura did that scared everyone was when she cut her blond hair almost back to her skull .
when ian pulled up in front of georges building he did the most bizarre thing .
ann marie said that she would love one too and tom volunteered that such a thing could be arranged as his family had a cd burner .
my favorite thing about my dad was not the things that came from working hard .
my favorite thing was when he brought home the vault and gave us all safety deposit boxes to keep the things we really treasure , the things that were private and precious .
it was the best thing that ever happened in my life except for coming to live here .
the strange and lovely thing that happened later that night occurred after amanda came home to the cabin where her mother was already snuggled away in bed .
it was a bitter thing to realize that feeling helpless was so common to so many young people .
in trying to comfort amanda , megan seemed to think the best thing to do was describe all the misery and all the terrible things that she had seen and overcome since she had come to vancouver .
there did nt seem to be enough time to fit in all the possible things that were going on around the farm .
this place does weird things to time .
are nt you a sweet thing to say so .
and the most difficult thing was not knowing where they should go and what they should do , what routine would get them through another night .
she could bring back the dissolving montages of memories and senses and things they had done and felt and said , but they just dissolved away again like dreams dissolved , the way reality spread over feelings like weeds .
the interesting thing was that she realized that she was looking for a fictional character , someone who existed only in her imagination , someone who was only as real as the characters she had stored in random access memory , an imaginary character based on someone that had once lived and breathed .
its probably the best thing that could have happened .
and the last thing eugene heard on this earth was the sound of his wifes heart beating wildly , pounding inside her chest .
and the most beautiful thing about laura is that she never misses a thing .
climbing down into their fathers grave was a strange , spontaneous thing that made them feel like brothers and sisters .
and the funny thing is , the man who gave us the depth of our imaginations , was the only person that i ever felt was completely real .
it was then she saw that toms howl might have been the truest thing that happened at eugenes burial .
he told her all his thoughts and hopes and fears , and sometimes even the sweet things he experienced he wished that she would have known .
knowing they ll have a whole life , like you two had , is the best thing that could have ever happened .
there were places she remembered , there were people she thought she had forgotten , there were things that lasted a moment , and some that lasted forever .
the bright , articulate laura , the woman with the questions , the woman with the incredible perceptions was like someone in shock , her reactions were so slow , her engagement so tenuous , that smitty was sure some terrible thing had happened .
the one thing i know is that some things are pretty resistant , sometimes things happen and new feelings are born just as intense as a first kiss .
the thing that surprised laura after she asked anthony to stay was that she wanted to ask ian to sleep with her that night , only that night , but she did nt know how to say that part without hurting him , and so she did nt say anything about it at all .
the interesting thing is that he was just as enthusiastic about people .
then that strange thing happened , you know when you re sleeping peacefully with music on , but if someone turns it off you wake up ?
we had climbed some tourist landmarks together and hung out , getting into trouble , getting drunk and that kind of thing .
it 's a funny thing being a soldier , a lonely thing , and i know it is presumptuous of me but i feel that you feel it too .
strangely , in the dream i am no longer in uniform and we hold hands as if it is the most natural thing in the world .
if you get reported it is another thing they will dock your pay for , so it is wise to always be on the best side of picky janine evans .
is it terribly unrealistic of me to imagine such a thing jimmy ?
it is an odd thing to march through the crazy lines of trenches , dugouts , anti - aircraft batteries , artillery and muster stations , especially after being underground for so long .
news here is often a stilted thing and mostly we do not hear of things from outside our bubble of war until weeks later .
news here is often a stilted thing and mostly we do not hear of things from outside our bubble of war until weeks later .
chance that the bomb fell where and when it did and chance that you happened to be there to witness such a horrific thing .
last week an odd thing happened .
i am so sorry that i have n't written but the most awful thing has befallen us and i am in despair .
the next thing i knew i was on the floor and he was kicking me with his heavy black boots , in the same hollow space of my stomach .
when such things happened we were put to work building new baskets from whatever wood or metal we could cobble together .
lorca spoke of the same thing , where the poet forgets that he might be eaten suddenly by ants or that a huge arsenical lobster might fall on his head .
jays biggest fear was that the same thing would happen with his mom , shed blame herself so much that shed take her own life out of guilt .
she s willing to bite her swollen lip and say nothing in the hopes that it will get better , with the hope that its just a passing thing .
well , as soon as i can travel around by myself again i m going over to kay and learn more about this protective order thing she mentioned .
well we certainly hope we catch him before he shows up at your house also , but the thing is we ca nt serve him with a restraining order until we know where he is .
looking back he could tell his mom was physically and mentally drained from this whole thing and now she would have to spend a night alone in a cold cell waiting for answers .
i do know one thing thought , she said as they both sat down on the curb at the edge of the street .
you re the best thing to happen to michele in her life so i would nt blame you for this .
then again , never a bad thing to try something once * * * exiting the inn to the dizzying ether of the streets , he was greeted by the blinding light of the full moon , which , in the river below , reflected a shimmering vastness that spread beyond the banks and expanded outward in celestial coronas to the horizons of visual cognition .
and the last thing boniface wanted was some unknown half - sibling or distant cousin ascending to the throne because he d waited too long .
this was not the first time this sort of thing had happened .
at parties , especially when he was drinking heavily , as he had taken to doing upon resurfacing from his hiatus , bhakti had become an absolute terror to the finer sensibilities of some , for unable to resist the urge to spout off about one thing or another , he would corner some poor unsuspecting sap who did nt see him approaching from behind , would lean in really closethereby invading his victims space cushionand would unleash with his toxic , brandy - infused breath the full weight of his musings , opinions , and strange speculations , eliciting polite grimaces and uncomfortable nods of affirmation from his tense captives who helplessly repeated these thoughtless and mechanical gestures of empathy until the boozy blowhard finally found himself stuck in mid - sentence , attempting to remember where he had been going in the first place with this tirade he had just unleashed upon them .
it is not such an unusual thing for a person to appropriate the identity of another and mistake it for his own !
` ` i do n't make a habit of this sort of thing you know . ''
the thing was , i was small , i was weak , i was shy and i was convinced i was ugly as well .
the surprising thing to me , but obviously not to anyone else , was that he returned to do another funnel and went on his soggy knees again as the cheers grew as an opening umbrella .
same thing happened to my cousin when we tasted together for the first time .
i fell asleep and the next thing i know you re here , he said as he ground his cold cigarette butt in the bottom of the shell .
the rib eyes the cafeteria worker served , while donning hair nets and plastic gloves , was a rare thing .
before when i puked at in the cafeterias bathroom , i thought not having control of your body was the most horrible thing that could happen .
my eyes bulged but they were nt the only thing .
shoot the boot is the only thing until later , said the counter guy , a post - grad student with a copy of sartes nausea in his hand .
we were as close as two people could be , and just when i thought life could nt get any better , the most amazing thing happened .
what if we had another child and the same thing happened ?
i let out a little sigh and the next thing i knew , he was backing me up against the front of the house and kissing the side of my neck .
rita was the best thing that ever happened to him .
an hour before matt was scheduled for the or , the most unexpected thing happened .
a heavy mist poured in through the open doors and the next thing i knew , i was lying flat on my back , listening to the steady beep of a heart monitor , while i blinked up at a clean white ceiling .
that was my story , but i have no intention of typing the end , because i no longer believe in such a thing .
they would nt stop the train for every little thing .
it might be a tiny thing , but he noticed she smiled a bit longer before she broke it , not the busser looking down at dirty plates , but looking back and forth for anyone who might see them .
as though a thing could simultaneously happen and not happen .
and then a thing happened that paul had seen before in his imagination in several different ways .
then a funny thing happened to charlotte .
it was used for special ceremonies and only with careful preparation , purification , that sort of thing .
rock fall , that sort of thing .
he waited and waited , but the thing he waited for , it would never come .
` ` the funny thing is , i never told roxy about when jay and i found it , because the minute i climbed in , i started freaking out .
if they did n't leave soon , the same thing would happen to her .
this real , physical thing .
ms . olson told a good friend of mine who struggles with some mental issues that i am a dangerous influence , and the only reason that i have tried to call her is because i would like to know why she thinks that he just showed up here ... unannouncedwith that weird thing ... maria olson yells it is a gift .
i say to maria olson and she says to the guard , i would like him removed from the building and informed that he is not permitted to return under any circumstances , and if he does , we will contact the authorities and so , the guards escort me from the building , and even though i offer , neither wanted to take the head that i had originally made for maria olson , but they are also pretty polite , and seem to agree that the whole thing is a misunderstanding .
i try not to think about it , that was a terrible thing .
he says so , your natural reaction when you think somebody is getting rid of a dead body is to go interrupt them i say man , i ai nt scared of you he says you do nt have reason to be i say no one does i would nt go that fuckin far he says this ai nt the most normal thing in the world , standing out here at midnight with a big head wrapped in a blanket it is my art project oh , so you an artist now ?
this is the kind of thing that always happens to me he says if it 's any consolation , i just spent two nights in a holding cell with a broken toilet i say , smiling back at ron what did i tell you about jokes ?
prophecies , visions , that sort of thing .
the strange thing was , if he d been with tom and suggested that idea , tom would have patted his back , shaken his hand , ruffled his hair and said , well done carlos rafael wilson !
he asked himself , over and over again , late at night when he could nt sleep , first thing when he woke up , when he drove to work , when he ate , when he wandered round town trying to kill some minutes before returning to the allotment , the same question : what would tom think of him now ?
they were proper obsessions too , no passing fancy , more like teenage love , head over heels , first thing he thought about it the morning and last thing before bed at night .
it would be a nice thing to share .
yeah , i get exhausted at this kind of thing .
he stood in the background , watching a family , minus one , still unable to believe such a thing could happen to them .
you could nt see no , you refused to see that she was the best thing that ever happened in your life .
the poise they had within and utility they accepted of this precious leisure , led them to be keen observers of every little thing around .
it is just that i find him within me ; very much like my own deep consciousness and that makes me wish a simple thing i want to be with him all the time .
that was a thing he liked to do .
it was then when i was enjoying my molten arms when the most extraordinary thing danced by outside the front window .
such a thing happening to us .
the potential art is an art itself ; the incipient beginning is art ; the thing is always , yet never ; the cocky baby emblematizes the excited feeling an artistic being has inside her when the art she wishes to depict for others is growing inside her , but has not yet been revealed to the other beings , and may not have been fully revealed to the artist yet .
this is about the most beautiful thing i ve seen in a long time .
i ve seen the same thing happen time and time again when i was in theta rho and in the officers wives clubs at wright - patterson .
you hear about it in movies , but it was real in arizona , not a made - up thing .
the one thing that comforted me greatly , besides the tv being on and the radio being on and all the lights on in the closets , was to paste s and h green stamps into the wrinkly saving books .
it was several years later , of course , when a terrible thing -- not quite as bad as being rendered down -- did occur .
its no imaginary thing , lady , meredith began , seizing control of the story , not at all , not in the least .
heres the crazy thing , tawana drew the conversation back to her original remarks .
ill post the position as tentatively filled first thing in the morning .
totally spur of the moment , there was nothing suggestive in the act ; the gossamer brush of her lips was quite possibly the nicest thing to happened to him in ages .
but then , so many unusual things had happened in recent days that he simply shrugged and replied , ` ` yes , of course , '' as though it was the most ordinary thing to do .
she leaned forward and , as though it was the most ordinary thing in the world , brushed her lips across his cheek .
caleb and the rest of them think it ll be a nice little thing for the family .
we we just had a magic thing .
it was a dreadful thing , you can imagine .
its not a fun thing to contemplate , and my own vanity makes me focus first on how ill look externally , rather than the physical limitations i m likely to have .
there is text too , just simple notations about the locations , and the photographers observations about her modern day places and subjects , how some things have changed and how some have nt .
to have done it , even if nobody outside the family spends the time to see the whole thing .
the rest of her collection is articles , clippings , and then later photos from when the families were more settled farther north , gatherings for birthdays and that sort of thing .
there s a bit of that old fashioned feel , even still , with neighbors saying hello , a help yourself sign by a bucket of dog biscuits , that sort of thing .
can you tell me the last thing you remember before bradys ?
the doctor said my memory will probably be back soon , so maybe this is the luckiest thing that s ever happened to me .
he lowers his head and sweeps his lips over mine as if its the most natural thing in the world .
if you and some guy had a thing , there would be digital evidence .
best thing that ever happened to you .
so i guess i m going to get in after all , because next thing i know , he s sitting me in a golf cart and driving me up to the house .
that these things did not happen normally was clear enough , and if the himzelmeiers came under discussion , the aunties in the towns coffee shops would have drunk three more cups than on the first easter sunday afternoon .
then came the next day and when it became noon , the same thing happened that had happened the day before .
but the mostly horribly gruesome thing , andrew continued , was his voice .
however , the goodness of your house is so great that no such thing can happen ; and thus receive with it in hope and confidence this gift from the hand of a thankful friend .
then , without warning , she floated into the sky as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
why , is it a sad thing ?
my heart softened for him when i found him , living in a drug - induced stupor that seemed to be a permanent thing these days .
it is not a happy thing , lad !
land of nod strange things happen in the land of nod , the place where god exiled cain after murdering his brother abel .
the great thing that happened was the unplanned stranding and how we all dealt with it .
ditto - i m also nostalgic for a rousing concert with a full orchestra and my walkman is a poor substitute for the atmosphere of the live thing - not that i m a regular concert - goer - and the funny thing is its the discordant sawing and tooting before the conductor appears which sticks in my mind .
he was handed the paddle and someone held the outrigger as he climbed in ; next thing he was paddling furiously and the boys splashed through the water after him .
except for that horrible thing in auckland harbour - it must have upset everybody .
it was the funniest thing because both women cackled like harpies and there were no hard feelings it seemed .
min asked semese if he had any idea if they could get in touch with michael but he said he had nt heard a thing .
settle the medicine bill first thing tomorrow .
you have a right to be whatever you want , but brother talk to me cuz i ' ve got an ear , been there before and even if my girl is n't walking out the door that does n't mean i ca n't relate with a heart growing hard and learning to hate so let 's have a talk , straight from the heart you know that 's where all the big steps start and it 's not hopeless , you 're not alone what 's it going to take to break the heart of stone that has you standing there like a petrified tree what is it brother , just talk to me yes it 's true , just as i said no it 's not true you 'd be better off dead there are many good things coming your way just as sure as the night is followed by day so look to the stars or the shimmering sea what is it brother , just talk to me old souls you ve got to be cool enough to kill old enough to know where the road gets rough and where the flowers grow with a hand held out for cutting your lips pressed against her heart between arkansas and saturday it seemed like the place to start so i told you all my memories the human history of good and bad then you told them back to me in a tone that was so sad i can not hear anyone ever again ` ` happiness , the rose , '' you laughed ` ` hell , a hecklers scorn '' i loved you standing over me like the morning i was born so i let you use me terribly beautifully in black with the whip of satans heaven cracking at my back still you told me all your memories of your mother and your dad then i told them back to you in a tone that was so sad you said you could n't love anyone ever again though that was then , the song says yet were here again tonight laughing like two lunatics and fighting just to fight but when the stone of beggars bed falls back into the sea yes in that little cove , by that little cave my little dove come back to me he was the saddest man to walk the earth storm clouds forming at his heels and tambourine and tantra girls whirling down the street like sawdust wheels the carpenter , the music said the wind , the carpenter lushly bled this bed we lay upon tonight , my love will never be the same again laughing , laughing , laughing laughing , laughing , laughing laughing , laughing , laughing all the way song of the sun there s music in the forest and i m moving to it woke early this morning like i already knew it blonde haired lady wearing a veil of black if i go to her now , i doubt ill be coming back there s beauty in the places forgotten by men the ladies love me , and lord i love them as we turn our backs on the bloody battle of doom and i do nt give a damn about who does what to whom then the women whisper , friend its time to go but only heaven knows where the wind might blow i ' ve just been touched by the world 's most tender thought now i ' m dancing with the women on the stairway back to god meanwhile as the sun is setting on the sea there s a black eyed angel rising right through me i m going to follow that star , if i have to give up the ghost take all my treasures and find a cave on the coast o glory of elijah , of samson , and moses i want to gather all that glory along with the roses falling down on me wet , the dew of light and grace there s a girl named sarah kissing up and down my face then the angels whisper , friend its time to go but only heaven knows where the wind might blow i ' ve just been touched by the lord 's most tender thought now i ' m dancing with the angels on the stairway back to god o life i d forgotten it could be so full i grab the beast by the horns and then i ride the bull i can toss a tiger in the mighty strength of the lord all i need is the spirit breathing in the blade of my sword o holy hallelujah how i praise you christ you re my music in the morning and my light at night with you by my side there s nothing that ca nt be done since its in my mind now i m gon na ride on the wings of the sun show the whole damned world how it was meant to be sung space soldier space soldier understood by few not really liked by the ones that do he 's looking down from a different point of view never knowing but he wishes he knew the answers to questions few dare to ask finding these answers is his ultimate task flying through space , he whispers and moans all by himself but he 's not alone space , space soldier strange joe as a child the boy had a vision since that time he has n't felt much like living in the world that denies him the star that once gave light to his cold dark heart ` ` was it an angel , or was it the devil ? ''
sure every thing 's sweeter for those born anew like to fly or to cry or goodbye - ' boo whou ' but who ever told you to look so blue ?
the door suddenly flew open and the last thing i heard was my mother 's scream .
the same thing happened the first time i was in new york .
` ` rico , '' said jo hesitantly , ` ` there are a lot of thing you have n't told me about , have you ? ''
` ` first thing tomorrow , '' rico said as he hunkered down in front of her , ` ` i ' m going to look for our own place . ''
` ` tsong , '' he said , looking straight at the old man 's eyes , ` ` you 're the best thing that happened in my life ! ''
at the time , calvin had doubted that his teacher was being serious , or if such a thing was even possible .
it was one thing after the other , some major , some minor , and all seemingly happening at one time .
another thing he forgot to do .
you know i m going to renew it tomorrow , so it all comes to the same thing .
he would have arranged it somehow ; it was the sort of thing he always managed .
i ve been writing about cosmic origins for several years now , and the more i write about it the more i see this big bang thing as basically the impact of a giant hammer on a fine and elegant watch .
she was married , too , and had several teenage kids , or maybe they were even in college , and she was about 20 years older than me , so she liked to act like all that kind of thing was in the past for her .
the possibilities are endless , once the thing gets extended through a night and into the next day .
there s no such thing as a jinx .
this is the same thing that happened when you were going through your bad spell .
i think you are only a few months away from drugs going from a fun to a serious thing , if you are nt already there .
it kept getting put off because of one thing or another and finally it just slipped away .
they will be experts in certain areas or witnesses to things they think they saw you do or say .
strangest thing , that dog , he made eye contact with me and just like the lawyer the day before , i swear he was sizing me up .
the only thing someone else could testify to was that they actually saw him witness , not commit the crime and his story did nt include anyone else being there , by either accounting .
let me tell you about the real crazy thing .
then , they brought in another doctor that i had never met that said : your situation demands great courage ; and told me , the same thing happened to one of my best teachers when i was in medical school .
also , it is nt all that clear what was what before , but now one is a guy and the other is not , so there are little turtles and that kind of thing .
after chuck had delivered his hour of neighborly chat never quite realizing the kindness of such a normal thing scott resumed his worries .
he noticed a third thing .
by and large , nanny stayed as a scroll , to lessen the risk of her being discovered ; but joanna would sign and nanny would shine and their thoughts and days would be shared ; and soon the stone the kings man , nanny called him laconically joined ; and over the years the growing prince , as if it were the most natural thing in the worlds , spoke , with hands and light , as easily to joanna as to his own kind .
i wrestled the men out of the tub , slipping on the slick surface myself , the entire thing looking like salmon spawning in half melted jell - o .
what s with this church thing ?
april 25 i know i should have kept going when i wrote the above , rather than just leave things with the unanswered question of what horrible thing happened on wednesday .
to my shock , the only thing i heard next was my dad letting out a long breath , as if he 'd been socked in the stomach .
and suddenly the lady started to laugh and laugh as if it was the funniest thing in the world .
what s the worst thing that could happen if you ask ?
what s the worst thing that could happen if you do nt ask ?
she would sleep like a baby now , and then , first thing in the morning , she would go and buy some vodka .
ana felt sick with concern for ivan , a rare thing since ivan was born .
one thing or another always dragged her back deeper into the dungeon after she tried so hard to climb out of it .
funny thing is he noticed her trousers first , and how they hug her waist then caress her long winding legs .
his head felt heavy , as he tried to remember why and , as had become customary lately , he regretted his involuntary routine of taking stock of the situation first thing in the morning .
they have a magnificent place at quetcham hall ; and their parties are the best things of the sort we have .
but i have been thinking of one thing you have never mentioned .
when i got to brussels i saw that i should not have enough money , and i sold all that i could ; but here a strange thing happened .
miss merry was staying to help ; such people as jocosa liked that sort of thing .
the same thing happened the first day of college , too , and that had gone alright , so i considered it a fairly promising start .
had the founder not noticed , or remembered , that it was i who had caused the whole thing ?
first thing i checked , said evelyn .
do nt you get a little sick of watching the same thing over and over ?
the odd thing is shed known of her condition for weeks now .
inwardly i knew if she showed any signs of reluctance or distaste it could be the result of only one thing she had become infatuated with someone .
he 'd never actually walked down in to the valley before and was n't even sure if such a thing was possible - looking at it from the vantage point of the bus , the bed of the valley looked overgrown and wild .
he guessed that this was the sort of thing that happened at crass gigs .
oh how he would love to live in the world where such a thing was possible !
the next thing he remembered was being vertical and saying to august : ` ` two things : i forgot to bring back your dead kennedys t - shirt , and can i borrow a fuzz pedal ?
that was the sort of thing that happened to teenage kids was n't it ?
but on the other hand , theo 's version of the song was the most mainstream thing about x - tradition .
the same thing happened in his memory and after his father dissolved he realized he had to get out of the house .
if we could just do the same thing with things that happen , dig up the good parts and get rid of the rest , not even touch it .
when he heard the front door of nazs house slam shut he allowed his eyes to close and neither saw nor heard a thing .
like , he remembers the doctor asking him a question , and the next thing he remembers is waking him up .
that s the last thing he saw before the pain started , his eyes closed and his head split open again .
the thing is , at first it was the most inane things ; the photograph we d use , for example , or certain church - related events we could promote .
the only thing i can think of , is that daryl always liked to write really terrible poetry .
there is no such thing as the celebrity invasion of privacy every interview a famous person gives , every candid with a paparazzo , every scandal was crafted by either a rival publicist , or the celebrity themselves .
the biggest thing is that he s not sarcastic anymore .
if the most telling immediate effect of the experience was the certain knowledge that never again would he fear death , still it was inaccurate to say any particular thing changed more than another in harold 's life , for in truth everything had changed and changed completely .
-- that sort of thing .
arjuna watched this flier flit from flower to flower and for a moment he marveled , wondering gladly , though not for the first time , how this one fine thing was indeed possible .
this seemed to be the thing he had been awaiting .
the thing was over in a flash .
he thought only of the thing that had happened at the end when his ball dropped in .
as if all the evidence of this kind of thing would embarrass anyone .
regina concluded the worst thing would be the regret .
i m still circling around that scary white thing inside the canvass , she explained to their puzzled faces .
but i m tired of everyone suspecting me of every bad thing under the sun because of the difference between my age and reginas .
and the last good thing that happened to me took place thirty years ago .
factor , the irony that death , that sure thing , was uncertain .
one was to admit that it would not be possible for her to remain constantly aware of lifes balance sheet , that she would become exhausted from continually not taking anything for grantedand that , if as nina said , every part of life is extraordinary -- - she would disappoint all the gods she was supposed to regularly thank for all the extraordinariness behind each ordinary thing .
the first time she left her loft without thinking about what terrible thing might happen next , it was like suddenly getting over the flu .
michael had become all too familiar with the state of my purse after the bad thing .
` ` it 's a miracle this poor little baby survived the bad thing ! ''
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ it 's been two years since the bad thing , but some of the effects still linger .
i ' ve always hated this , but it became unbearable after the bad thing .
when i first came back to work after the bad thing , i tried to keep the lowest of profiles .
i did nt meet wayne until after the bad thing .
and wayne had never seen me before the bad thing , but he still insisted on taking me into his and michael 's home .
because of the bad thing , followed by major surgery and long , painful weeks of healing , sex had nt been a blip on my personal radar for a long time .
first thing i saw was wayne , dressed in an orange kimono and armed with a spatula . ''
` ` next thing i saw was michael sprawled on the floor wearing nothing but a pair of black satin bikini briefs with chili peppers printed on them .
i found myself telling him about the bad thing , complete and unabridged .
jared coming to my place became a regular thing .
` ` what a thing for her to go through !
` ` i had some kind of breakfast sandwich thing on the way to work .
i mean , that s not the only thing i do nt want to get punished for .
cleverness suggests action on the clever persons behalf , and in the trips case the only thing clever was the first single fertilized egg which decided to split not once , but twice ; thus a single zygote resulting in three pinpricks of identical genetic material .
she had had a long conversation about this with catherine saying that the best thing that could ever happen to sterling would be for some thief to sneak in and steal all his electronics .
the first thing monday afternoon , which was conveniently a school holiday , sterling went to court .
losing a child is the worse thing that can happen to a parent .
i ve set up a meeting for first thing monday .
now there was a thing to do , he thought , to take a morning off and visit places such as this where bored housewives came to alleviate the tedium between the endless rounds of shopping , rich and unimaginative women who had nothing better to do than sit there and stare at a man .
he played his part on the day , containing his excitement and ready to fake surprise , but the surprise never materialised ; there was no motorcycle , only the diary which was a poor substitute , and the tragic thing was that his parents never even noticed his disappointment .
and , sure enough , just four weeks later , it came to pass and it was the biggest thing to hit granite falls since moses was a pup .
the other thing that happened right away was coach bowles organized the clubhouse crew ' .
but , in the bottom of the second a wondrous thing occurred .
but , the remarkable thing is that jack clark stole home twice in one game !
the one thing that i did notice , however , was that the crowd at the second game was much larger than the crowd at the first .
what a story and the thing is we had been seeing him on and off the entire year at his parents asthma clinic .
it had been so important years ago ; we d thought it was the most important thing that had happened to us , but now we d completely forgotten it .
i keep seeing this one thing , meredith said late one sunday night during her last semester in tucson .
goddamn , what a thing to think of now .
that was the next thing that happened .
what a wonderful thing to visit those vast ranches , rancheros of the old times , the hospitality and real wealth displayed , goodness , only the best food and clothing .
i ' m just here to see how this thing ends .
such an amazing thing .
the only thing you can never do is shake your fist at the clouds .
it was an entirely natural thing for him to stop his car and share his food with young cyclists along the road .
` ` said mark would be moving in next month , end of semester and , and just assumed , said , ` ` pick you both up at 7 , '' like it was a set thing or something ... .thought you knew . ''
an exasperated point reached after many an event : being abandoned for the de rigor male bonding at any lumen screeching with cheers and the jiggles of courtly young ` ` things '' - ` ` ai nt she some thing ! ''
another thing to chat with principal mayfield about .
the metallic clattering of the swiftly moving gurney over the knotted planks of the pier made it nearly impossible to hear him , to his low voice , but somehow she caught it anyway : i want that proof on my desk first thing monday morning , ye understand ?
we can call first thing tomorrow morning .
in that very instant , as before in the intense gaze of the dishwasher , she fell inside herself , but instead of vanishing to extinction , of dying , a most incredible thing took place : the beautiful symbol drew near , as if pulled along by her sudden , disappearing sense of self .
she spoke into the roar of the oncoming surf : all things have been and all things shall go on before me and when i am gone ; this self that cries out for eternity is what shall pass in me : the tree remains , the leaf falls from the tree ten minutes later she was gliding soundlessly through the wide plaza at the foot of the pier .
and each saw the same thing in the others gaze : a granite - hard affirmation of the other .
you have lied to me and disobeyed me and tomorrow we are going to dr . holmes first thing in the morning .
and very next thing , there was a a a beautiful blue flash , just heavenly it was , and then a terrible crash : and the lightnin storm suddenly stopped , and the waters just rushed in ! but that freezin damnable cold was gone !
very next thing shed be on about how shed just smoked a joint with jimi hendrix behind the dog here and how he d penned the new , new testament by god the semi - competent on rollin papers and how he d shared the knowledge of the world to come with her .
no such thing will occur .
teacher of the year , that sort of thing ... . he s ... he s a member of the community , of imperial beach ... . he s no king ... is he ?
the next thing i know , it was night and a hellish squall was toppling the ship .
but the most disturbing , sickening thing of all was nt the slaughter she was witnessing , but what she felt change inside her own spirit as she watched it .
an amazing thing was about to happen , margarita .
and now a fourth thing .
the armada must have seen the same thing , because they were going crazy .
he trailed off , shaking his head maggie instinctively knew that it was a rare thing to see this man speechless , as he was now .
the next thing i know i m looking up at luis arroyo and his healers .
there was nt much in this life she was sure ofat allbut one thing she had no doubts about : one of mr . conors own kumiyaay hated her guts .
the only thing happening was a smallish houseboat being put onto blocks for the winter .
the thing is , the way i see it , these days there 's a war on .
best thing was when a yeyo or ndito ( masai or warusha for females : yeyo , a woman , ndito a girl ; ero meant man . )
we never believed such a thing was ever possible .
the last thing he expects is for race and his speedway buddies to become the family he s always longed for .
the only thing i caught was that there were three classes and race was in the middle one , limited sportsman .
the same thing happened in the next turn .
the crazy thing was , stuff like falling off my bike or not getting my own way did nt faze me .
the thing you have to realize , cody , is that in spite of jerrys talent , he has a lot of enemies at this track .
you hear this sort of thing all the time .
i was nt like i had nt been through this kind of thing a million times with mom .
grandpa stood rigid , glaring at me like the whole thing was my fault .
the only thing that would make this better was if we were eating it at track town .
how could i not have realized he was gon na be the best thing that ever happened to me ?
the saddest thing was that race just was nt himself anymore .
the worst thing was when he started tuning me out .
according to saundra , the thing at the zoo was a big fuss over nothing .
this thing with the car , he persisted .
so , i was reading to the kids at the library after school today , he said , and the cutest thing happened .
just like its a sure thing we wo nt be coming here again , she thought .
one thing i think you 're doing wrong is allowing for multiple languages .
the only thing i can think of is that they have the second highest murder rate in the world so they are doing something to control their population .
globalized commerce is one thing , globalized individual freedom is quite another . ''
the last thing i expected to find was an advocate of compromise .
and after that thing with barb .
the only thing that would make me feel better would be hearing that claudia is out on the street along with me .
she could be misreading his signals , of course , since she had no experience with this sort of thing .
in years since , a lot of people have tried to pull that sort of gonzo off again , but most have done it gratuitously , trying to get away with unrestrained reference to booze and drugs and that sort of thing without its working towards a certain theme .
the year slater won g - land , fresh and frank with me in the jungle , he pondered his own childhood : drinkingit quite possibly cost my dad his marriage and a lot of time with his kids , which isprobably a sad thing for him .
the worst thing that ever happened to her was ... the day her dog died .
you do nt have to leave the country to seedifferent things .
that s a jolly odd thing for someone from the suburbs to be doing !
the most dramatic thing to happen here is when a bus is late or there s a power cut .
it has to be jolly bad for that kind of thing to be newsworthy , and with all this happening in the suburbs and that invasion in the cat kingdom , it must be absolutely dreadful for it to even warrant a small mention .
but let me tell you the strangest thing . ''
ca n't see a blessed thing . ''
but most cruel , the very cruelest , the most evil thing - they removed her very lifeblood , her inner being : they had removed the bones that gave willow vitality ... and soul .
the last thing that sam jaffre saw were her eyes : blood - red , glowing , bright , piercing .
the willow thing was over and done with .
they were somehow tied up with the willow tree thing .
i mean , it 's just a group of doctor 's offices , specialists who do special surgery - that kind of thing .
the first thing he saw was an officer with marg in his arms .
if i ' m not mistaken he 'll phone you immediately - for your ok . first thing in the morning i 'll get my machines out there .
` ` another interesting thing , '' said hendricks .
( look , before we go any further , ill come right out and say it , the whole thing was neds fault .
he noticed it bit by bit and by the time it occurred to him that indeed it had become virtually impossible for him to step out in the hallway without running into ned , running into ned had become such a fixture in his life that he just dismissed it as just another weird but probably explicable thing like the erratic weather , that time he tried to get a roast chicken but could nt or the increasing number of old guys congregating outside the glass wall at work .
and it happened so fast that for a moment or twoas the kitchen door swung back into the dining room , then back into the kitchen , then back into the dining room but only a little bit , and then back into the kitchen just a smidgeon , then back into the dining room just a hair and then came to restthis guy thought he might have just imagined the whole thing .
besides even if he had nt imagined the whole thing , and the second explanation were correct , there was no way he could be sure without doing a good deal of checking and that would distract him from his own noble project ( evil scheme ) before it had even gotten off the ground .
granted you can get pretty fed up with darkness , so when the light comes in , it comes in as a great reliefa relief from the exceptionally long darkness that preceded itbut heres the amazing thing : when the light goes away again , even after a very brief interval , the darkness that comes backalsocomes as a reliefa relief from all that lightand for a while , its completely different from the long , old darkness you d gotten fed up with and has the quality of a new , fresher , virgin darkness , ripe with possibilities . )
the first three ( or four ) stepped quickly up the steps without grumbling or complaints as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
we started talking and one thing led to another and diego ... i mean ... oh crap abby pressed her fist to her mouth and closed her eyes .
betting on a sure thing ai nt exactly gambling .
momma and daddy came home early monday morning before school and the whole thing started over again .
besides , you did nt activate that itching thing on my shield this morning .
no one , not one person , considered that such a thing was possible .
funny thing was , they turned out to be dykes .
he usually prefaced a tragedy with , i heard about this family in kentucky ... or , there was this thing in a magazine i saw ... ... so he was found innocent , but meanwhile he 'd spent fourteen years at hard labor .
i came close to hitting a spectator in a tournament once , but never imagined such a thing in an out - of - the - way place like this .
this is a constant thing , this cellular relay race we call growth and aging .
the war was the worst thing that has ever happened , halverton said .
she had never gone before out of her place and every thing she came upon raised her curiosity .
one day a funny thing happened .
maybe it was a superstitious way of saying if this terrible thing happened to this person , it wo nt happen to me .
oh adam , the worst thing in the world has happened .
montana state , this is schonefield pd , we are under attack by mili '' the last thing larry heard was an explosion , then silence .
` ` funniest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he said .
so brother hensen started his ` ` ashes to ashes , and dust to dust '' thing , and i was waiting for charles and the rest of the kunze 's to leave like papa told them , when up ran rascal .
and in the four years since lenny 's death , i ' ve come to know one thing .
people dying is just a strange thing .
lots of unusual things about this place .
the next thing i remember happened monday afternoon .
but the last thing i see , before my mind conks out , and maybe i hear it too , is helen slapping charles at the cemetery .
papa had n't told trish and curt anything , just dropped them off like it was just the most normal thing in the world .
and then there 's this thing about lenny and what really happened to him .
first thing i see is thomas powers standing tall above them all with his girl , phyllis .
another strange thing from him that i do n't know what to do about .
a strange thing has happened too .
i do n't know if i fell asleep , but the next thing i hear is a shout .
i tighten my hand on his throat and feel this big round hose - like thing in his throat that his adam 's apple sits on .
the only thing a pistol is good for is killing people , is the way mama looks at pistols .
the sheep 's over in the corner , sitting up and looking around like this pen is the best thing ever happened to him .
there 's lots of freshmen with smiling faces like this is the biggest thing that ever happened to them , and a new crew of niggers is mixing in the crowd .
next thing you know i 'll be hitting 9th like a wimp - ass pitcher .
the next thing hershel heard was that heidi was gone .
if it was n't for one more thing , i 'd think he was preying .
i m probably what you dreamed would be the worst thing to happen to you .
you and i both know you ca nt win this thing .
but you said one thing we d never ever do , mum you said one thing we d never ever do was eat our dinner in front of tv .
yes , its a lovely thing .
` ` one theory is that all their troubles are caused by that soul thing they have .
heres the thing if i forget to take the right pills , well , crazy things happen .
heres the thing if i forget to take the right pills , well , crazy things happen .
first thing i noticed was how still it was , carter said .
funny thing was , you could nt see any blood unless you turned him over damp grass soaks up a lot .
i spent many delicate minutes arguing against this direction , for the only thing worse would be if it were true .
honestly , the only thing greed got me was five years in prison , the loss of my wife and possessions , and the company i loved , brad said slumping in his chair with his head down .
when the crevice collapsed and i became trapped , i saw the most wonderful thing .
the only thing you will find is desolation and death .
the only thing they would find ahead was death .
rain , mucus from 5 year olds , that sort of thing .
you know like morale boosters , prizes for not having too many sick days , that sort of thing .
interesting thing about the thin man movies .
is that iti know youis it just the finalness of itone more thing that will never happen again .
but , initially , its likeyou knowthe guy whose girl dumps him so he cuts his hairthat kind of thing .
and thisthis oddity , this incongruity on her partthis thing of imagining the baby as a freak , as some kind of monsterits not born of guilt .
i said , you know i said , that you and i were the best thing that s ever happened to me .
he was near fainting and when i took him home i felt like it was the only thing to dothat my role was formed long before the tale began .
few could even dream such a thing were possible .
at first it was sword and sorcery stuff : musclebound hero waves magic sword at giant snake , grabs treasure , saves girl , that sort of thing .
but i could never forget such a simple , graphic thing as a purple t - shirt with a white dove on it .
but in my world , the most important thing that happened was that on the first day of school that year , the bus route boys - only peninsula grammar shared with the nearby girls school , toorak college , changed .
it was the only extraordinary thing i ever saw in or from rose .
just weeks ago i d been inclined to lie in bed and masturbate while thinking of roses plump white body rolling under me in moonlight , her and i entwined on a beach , lips locked , her arms and legs around metwo become one , that sort of thing .
christmas had been a difficult enough thing to manage ; but this intermingling was astounding .
i saw this thing on the discovery channel that said that in india people let cows stay in their houses .
it was the scariest damned thing i 'd ever seen , and just then i would n't have traded places with any of those ladies , no matter what guarantees i had about the promised land .
so stop at the motor pool and line up a tractor and lowboy to move it outside the wire first thing .
i hate to say it tom , but i think the same thing is going to happen to the right drive .
but one thing is different here though .
mrs porter always visited pips first form dormitory last thing at night .
i did my first year in two terms , that sort of thing .
you know a bad influence and that sort of thing .
its supposed to build team spirit and that sort of thing .
just a bit of waiting around for pre - meds and that sort of thing .
sachas in sickbay at the moment , nothing serious , headachy , fever , that sort of thing .
the next thing jonathan was on sachas back trying to wrestle the soap from him , but sacha was having none of it .
it was for me too when i started , crushes that sort of thing .
in the intervening year he had softened his view of pip and lulled himself into thinking that what happened on trendrine was just a one - off thing that would not be repeated .
even before i entered his study about the cake thing , i think captain porter was suspicious that something was going on between us .
we are allowed to go to the cinema , meet for a coke in central , that sort of thing , but the thing is , every time i go near her , when she wants to kiss , i think of you .
darrel wants the final proposal on his desk by first thing tomorrow morning .
i had the strangest thing happen to me yesterday as i was making out the list of seeds .
a similar kind of thing happens in our lives as well , only weeds can come in a lot of different forms .
a lot of them may not even have long to live , but they ll still tell me that their illness or accident has been the best thing that ever happened to them because it forced them to see how precious their life is now , while there 's still time to make a difference .
and the other thing i thought , lily , is that we could reserve one week out of the year to hold a camp for the kids in the music therapy program at vandy .
elliot had planned to stay in cranston only a couple of years before being promoted to gm vice - president , but some things happened which pitted him against the top brassmainly , after the two years in cranston , he was told that his ticket to detroit would be shutting down the plant .
as we dressed on the rock afterwards i felt a little awkward , but maria was behaving as if what we had just done and experienced was the most ordinary thing in the world .
the first thing we would notice is that is effectively empty .
the trillions of particles that have chanced to come together to form me , have been in the cosmos from the start of time , if there be such a thing as the big bang .
i wonder , has this sort of thing happened to you before ?
a terrible thing , his ship was blown to bits , all hands lost .
so we might start with an intensive discussion of upcoming fundraising priorities , then break out our tupperware and share some cookies , and by the time the thing has ended , its mid - afternoon .
googling for conferences brought up some odd sounding things that had already taken place .
well , i d wanted to let him know about this thing that was important to me , and i had .
his impatience had been standard , normal for him , and i knew it was a game on tv with a starting time rather than an online thing by now i could nt even remember what , but something had made that clear .
heres the thing she was pretty much a minimalist as far as discussing things related to bodies , minds or souls .
but there s such a thing as too routine , is nt there ?
then when it happened later to me , i had one during my first marriage , the physical thing seemed oddly familiar .
i remember thinking , back at that thing downtown , that a lot of people there seemed to know each other .
and about that thing before .
this sort of thing was an ongoing frustration in his work life , the lack of full attention from coworkers and clients alike .
at least it would nt occur to sam , i felt confident , that he had a big role in the thing .
her grandmothers hair could be on fire and she would still insist that not a thing was amiss in her life .
the wastebasket 's been emptied , shelves tidied , that sort of thing .
the only thing a bit out of the ordinary , though to be expected , was that he said he hoped his friendship with barrett would n't be a problem .
one thing that struck charlie was that barrett 's life before his appointment to the department at meredith remained vague .
i 'll email you the list first thing .
one thing that occurs to me is that it was a risky time to shoot mckay .
only thing i heard was from a guy that delivers pizza to the cop shop .
one thing i did notice was that she forgot to walk and stand stooped over .
it 's the sort of thing that likely would n't occur to most people .
one tricky thing was that mckay had been killed with the same gun as barrett .
the first thing charlie saw was kate seated on one of the straight - back chairs , her right wrist handcuffed to the armrest .
you live the characters emotions and you ca nt be sure of the outcome until the last page.charles hough could not put it downalta de lang table of contents crazy things happen in paradise something to think about a first date in paradise we have visitors the end of my first date in paradise i m a cop againwell , in a way killing time interdigitating another first and options we make a connection mia and the jaguar we visit the scene of the crime mias short fuse mia leaves home the end of an almost perfect day bulls in the pasture langdons condition i get back to work the storm sometimes , life is excellent mia and phyllisan odd tag - team the dream the next daywe take a drive wellthats interesting !
the billy ray thing was an unforeseen and unfortunate accident .
we wo nt notice a thing out of place .
must be a terrible thing to learn that your child has been murdered , i said more loudly than i needed to .
she found out i used to be a cop and she s asked me to help get closurethat sort of thing .
i had turned the ring feature off before getting in the cruiser first thing in the morning .
the first thing in the morning i made my call to the handyman who did the work for the sand key condos .
this is where the dumpster was when they found that dead three hundred pound professional wrestler wearing a black evening dress and high heelsthat sort of thing .
rick was just starting to feel better about the whole thing when he heard a loud clank and a whirring sound from the craft .
the fifth thing that occurred to rick was that the voice did not belong to his wife .
as he watched himself walk slowly toward himself , a funny thought came to him : this was the most amazing thing that had ever happened to him ( or anyone for that matter ) , yet all he could think of at the moment was that his wife was righthe really did walk like a cowboy .
in fact , the whole thing now seemed almost normal to him .
it has an xfiles scifi mystery spiritual drama thing going on .
there were some really close calls where i thought one thing was going to happen and it turned out to be something else completely so definitely not predictable or boring .
the next thing i knew , i was in the back seat of the large black car with tinted windows .
it sounds like its the same thing that happened to him in orlando when we were there .
its a good thing they do nt have children or you d be out back firing up the grill , anthony whispered .
the last thing i saw was the air filled with tongues of fire .
and the only thing on the news was the assassination of the prince of peace .
oh , yesterday , we were called first thing , happened in the night sometime .
he d stayed late on monday , and was so stressed first thing tuesday .
you will have been there yourself , we all have at some point it can be as simple a thing as a card gone out of date or a cheque not signed .
well shy , quiet , doing that thing where he s looking down when he speaks to you .
racing meets , 4x4 rallies , that kind of thing .
i ve squared it with the assistant district commissioner there ll be men from four forces here first thing tomorrow morning .
well , the receptionist will be back first thing ... you know , i m not sure you ve handled the hotel angle at all well .
and was that such an awful thing for us to see ?
its a regular thing .
` ` the only thing that gets my blood jumping more than rodeo is a dark - haired , blue - eyed beauty in a little white dress . ''
plus the fact she was supposed to be documenting the thing for sloans blog .
next thing i know hell have me doing a worthy cause a week .
because of the saint jill thing .
what with poor jills murder and then my getting sick its been one thing after another .
the thing is , she did nt even like the dog when we lived together .
the whole thing was over three hours after it started .
oh , mom , allison said , i think he planned the whole thing for my benefit .
halvorsen said it was the kind of thing for a man - to - man talk .
next thing you ' ve lost the set . ''
but here is the interesting thing on that account , ms . wood came in and met with the assistant manager and closed that account and moved the balance over to her checking account .
funny thing she hated lisa for turning her in .
did nt see a thing .
i ca nt be seen in this horrendous thing .
it was an odd thing to wake up so late in the day and yet have so much time to kill , beautyman thought as he slipped behind the wheel of the station wagon .
but the great thing about psychotic killers is that no one expected them to do anything rational .
i guess i just do n't see the whole thing like she does ...
right , there s one thing i am sure about though .
the same thing happened this morning , i opened the garage door and got just as big a shock when i got in my car and saw the alfa parked down the street a little way .
one thing of which he was pretty certain was that he would not sleep much that night .
you will have all of the photographs to match the names and addresses first thing tomorrow , so that you can study the deployment plans .
i explained my association with dionysus and then said , ` ` one thing puzzles us about ned 's behavior before he died .
` ` i orchestrated the whole thing .
some days the most exciting thing that happens here is a cat has kittens . ''
the first thing i discovered upon exiting the elevator was that tartan actually had some female employees , including the efficient receptionist who greeted me .
the rumors about her did n't start circulating until after the whole thing was over , and she seemed not to be as destroyed by techtron 's collapse as you would have expected .
ray generally hated to see anybody go to jail because he personally thought that going to jail would be the worst possible thing that could happen to someone .
after a very long pause , she cleared her throat and said quietly , losing the person you hold dearest in the world is the hardest thing there is .
when the last of the rays had faded from red to purple and the sky began to darken , he turned to her and smiled , is that not the most incredible thing imaginable ?
being together seemed like the most natural thing in the world .
the airlines track that kind of thing carefully .
from ray 's perspective , the only good thing to come out of the evening was the plan for christmas .
he sat next to her on the couch and waited to see what she had up her sleeve , never imagining the amazing thing that was about to happen .
for a minute , i thought the whole thing was a joke .
he shook his head and said , it 's the weirdest thing .
i confess , i was also relieved that the whole thing was over .
he smiled into the phone and answered , you know , i think the one good thing about this whole situation is that i am finding out who my real friends are .
time must have passed again , because the next thing i knew , something cold , sharp , pressed against my neck .
i sucked in a sharp breath and held it for god knows how long , because the next thing i knew , i was staring down at the unconscious form of audrianna .
because the same thing could happen to me .
at some point i found myself in the tiny bathroom , worshiping the porcelain god with the dry heaves , but the next thing i knew , it was dark and brenda was back in my room .
funniest thing i ever saw , but no one dared laugh .
the only good thing that s come out of all this is that i spend more time with my kids .
* * * i must ve dozed off , because the next thing i knew noises from the kitchen woke me .
by the creepy thing i d experienced only minutes earlier .
they were smart guys , so i knew they immediately figured out that i had engineered the whole thing to get them together .
one of the best things to happen since they had bought their second house , in moss , had been the friendship that had developed between megan 's younger brother thomas and their son glenn .
` ` at the last general assembly of council leaders seven years ago we discovered that the same thing is happening throughout the land .
` ` meeting tyana was the best thing that 's ever happened to me , even greater than the bonding with rebel though that runs it a very close second , '' he said .
it 's the sort of thing where you only get one try , and if it turns out you ca n't do it you 're either dead or injured .
> > the next day was to be remembered later as one of the worst in tyana 's life , yet these poor people had to endure that sort of thing every day of their lives .
< < you know the sort of thing ; torches lit by remote control , apparent levitation , switching wine for water , and so on .
< < that was no ' magic show ' such as our great illusionists can do that you saw outside when they chained your ship to the trees , it was the real thing .
one odd thing i have nt found any medication .
a carton of milk i like to make a cup of tea first thing , but noticed i d none in my own kitchen , so you borrowed one from downstairs ?
andrea will have them for you first thing tomorrow ; though , she checked herself , there was only one purchase , the first flat was willed .
at this the father looked shamefaced , the thing was , inspector , when it was first suggested we get a tutor for stacie , we were nt able to afford one .
nothing happened , not a thing all night , sir ; and then i come in here to find you and you re out cold .
the next thing i know , he s got all six girls in the pool , and they want me to be the judge and choose the best esther williams .
i wondered if they would be singing about green eggs and ham , or feet , or thing one and thing two .
that was the most terrible thing that happened .
` ` a rare thing , considering so little else stands out these days . ''
` ` terrible thing , '' davis said .
` ` it seems to be the thing everywhere , lately , '' he sighed .
i felt like such an ass , blamed myself for the entire thing .
sounds like the only thing remarkable was his death , that is sad .
i did find one interesting thing about the victim , he was an avid stamp collector and he has a very valuable collection .
one thing has led to another over the years .
are these meetings going to be a weekly thing ?
it was exciting to be so close to such a thing happening , but scary , too ; did nt i think so ?
a rare thing , a man who admits he could use the expertise and brain power of not only one , but two females , i teased .
one thing led to another , and i got up with him pretty late wednesday night .
apparently there are locals who like to keep up with that sort of thing .
but one anomalous thing did happen during lunch .
the whole thing happened in around two seconds , with bess staying close by my side as if she was guarding me .
the most mysterious thing occurred .
the first thing i saw was a white ceiling and a heavy smell of blood .
carmine let out a laugh and the next thing i knew , i was in air .
lets say if a war starts in the human world , the same thing happens .
why did nt the same thing happen in the banquet ?
that s a normal thing to worry about .
he examined the other bodies and found the exact same thing .
one thing that benny discovered was that hap had a bullet wound .
the worst thing in the world is to give sergeant casey time on her hands .
you know , that thing you mostly read about in novels or watch on tv .
the thing is i remember having a camera with me .
but then that rachel had to stumble upon us and tape the whole thing on her phone .
i 'll be able to tell you more clearly then how this thing strikes me . '
it seems the very maddest , queerest thing that ever happened to me . '
and it was at this moment that there occurred a most strange and unexpected thing .
' the biggest thing for years , ' said holmes .
truth was he had seen the whole thing go down and and just stood and watched , secretly wanting it to happen.police the weapons , and help me keep an eye on these fuckers .
` ` this whole thing never happened .
a crowd of people materialized as out of nowhere and hovered over frank , all wondering what in the hell had just happened , but not seeing a damn thing .
i seen the whole thing officer .
maria said shocked and crying it was a terrible thing , true enough , but all of us have too much to lose if frank spills the beans .
think about it carson , both of the victims were threatening to go to the authorities about the vietnam thing .
the weirdest thing happened .
not the sort of thing that would happen if our stiff had been a victim of his own demise .
another peculiar thing the doctor noticed was ligature marks on the bodys lower legs like a weight or something had been tied to them .
he was in command and if he had been a stronger leader , the whole terrible thing would have never happened .
funny thing about ace .
if he figures out what is happening , he might become so upset that he will start killing people , including you for taking part in the whole thing .
the only thing that saved you and got you the money was i said you were my friend .
but its a funny thing , leo .
the only thing that stopped him was he thought it was skulls baby , andlike everybody else in the worldhe hated and despised the ground skull walked on .
i ve never heard of such a thing , she said with an undertone of curiosity .
i will have to wait until monday , but ill burn them first thing monday morning .
first thing tuesday morning .
` ` funny thing though .
` ` funny thing though -- they believed him , and so no one would ask me out through the rest of high school . ''
the urn that jack 's remains now occupied sat on a pedestal at the front of the chapel along with an enlarged photograph of jack facing the mourners as though he did n't want to miss a thing .
which at this point , i saw no such thing happening .
this was a one time thing . ''
the next thing i knew , mother was bending over me , shaking me awake , an expression of shock mingled with a touch of anger in her eyes .
the next thing i knew mother was shaking me awake .
in truth it was only ten minutes and as of yet we had nt seen a thing .
maybe she staged the whole voodoo thing at her place so she could disappear .
if she planned the whole thing just to disappear , why would she want to do that ?
mysterious thing it was .
a woman at the next table overheard the conversation and said the same thing had happened to her .
another father interrupted and said that the same thing happened at their home .
i do nt know why i always forget about this thing .
the thing was , there was nt a single building that size available for five miles in either direction .
money laundering was just one thing it could be .
i will be there for one thing , the whole time .
the thing that started him thinking on it this time was mitzy on the radio .
and another weird thing , mark had me put up in a really nice hotel , and he told me to have an expensive dinner on the firm .
rios must have felt that he had to be the last one to leave the barn , the captain of the ship sort of thing .
in retrospect hooters turned out to not only be the best thing that happened to her but also for mike .
he last thing he remembered was watching a csi rerun .
it is alright that he is a snob , but the worst thing is to know that he and the sorcerer belong to the same church .
here is the thing dr . jonas told me a little bit about the story of the so called iconoclast , but i could nt understand much .
matheus commented with clvis that earlier , on the radio , the only thing heard was about the tv detective acting in judiths murder case in our town .
what does one thing has to do with the other ?
they went to bed , and the only thing i achieved was a bitter taste of defeat for not being able to talk to my own family .
i tried to breath and wait until clvis took the next step , but the only thing i could see was a man that moved his eyes from one side to the other , in expectation , as if he was trying to help someone , but could n't ; he could only watch .
the only thing i may say for sure is that if i could see these angels as you do , i would already have committed suicide .
there s no question i ve seen a lot of this type of thing .
but i ca nt because i m dead , so i might as well forget the whole thing .
in the years we 'd been married the only thing she 'd ever been afraid of was losing an argument .
a moment ago you were worried about what terrible thing might happen to her .
yeah , i did hear something about it , you know i do nt follow that kind of thing .
next thing i knew , i sent him a plane ticket , i was so curious .
one strange thing though , safada called , saying giselle does nt want anyone around the mansion now that its in escrow .
and the same thing occurred each morning for six mornings in a row .
what did the three kids who planned the whole thing have to say ?
as long as the matter is still under investigation , they ca n't tear down the building and it sits there as a reminder of the horrible thing that happened there .
he said mazzoli 's firing him was the best thing that ever happened , it forced him to go to aa and get sober .
i 'll tell you one thing i 'd love to do , but it 's such an old fart thing even you 'll probably laugh .
i think that kind of thing is going to get worse .
as she was getting dressed , the perfect thing hit her .
you can make your announcement either late this afternoon or first thing in the morning .
a real sad thing .
considering that several famous artists and writers lived here over the years , its not like this one thing would put taos on the map .
sam was nt very tolerant with this kind of thing , but resisted twitching in her seat .
that might be the very thing to send him south of the border .
uh , rupert and i went to this art thing .
there was one other thing i noticed , though . ''
` ` well , if you ' ve been watching the whole thing , why are you wasting my time ?
it was hardly likely i could go to jase and say , ` ` uh , by the way , i have this friend , he 's a duppy , and he was a witness to the whole thing . ''
my lack of a gps had me driving in circles and there were a few times i had to pull over and wait for olivia , but the one good thing that came out of it all , was that if i 'd ever had a tail , i had no doubt lost them a long time ago .
but pia was just smiling grandly , making it evident that if anything , she was proud , and the next thing i knew we were all marching down the driveway to the guest house .
` ` while i ca n't speak for gloriana , as for myself , i have n't seen a thing .
dave was sure of one thing .
one thing had led to another .
we can have the revised contracts ready by first thing tomorrow morning .
the last thing she remembered was another man grabbing her and putting a smelly towel over her mouth .
that was the last thing he remembered for several weeks .
must have been a freak thing , then .
the funny thing is all the witnesses insist the driver seemed to hit the van deliberately .
you rehearse what you would do if the same thing ever happened to you again .
rowan grabbed her hand , but mrs . pazzo saw the whole thing and now jacinda has detention for two whole weeks !
the last thing she expected was three cops pointing their weapons at the back of her head , especially when dylan and daisy , forewarned , dropped straight to the floor , leaving mimi without her hostages .
the next thing i knew , daisy was leaning against me , her head on my bad shoulder .
we went into the clubhouse to celebrate with a coke and fries , and one thing led to another .
the last thing i remember is holding the door open for you and mary just when you started screaming at us and people started shooting .
not a thing is wrong , mom , pete said as he threw his dirty laundry on the floor , except they just told me that my game sucks and they want me to change to a one - handed backhand .
i opened the door and the next thing i remember was your guy screaming something at the doctor and yanking me into the hallway .
maybe this was nt technically a physical self - defense moment , but tims arrival had dashed my hopes for the whole neck - bite thing , and all that could have come after it .
it was such a normal thing that i d forgotten about it .
nick was as professional as always , sharp and on top of his game , but one thing was markedly different from the burnside trial .
rich is at a long dinner thing .
i would call them first thing tomorrow .
so does this jumbie thing ava told me about mean your house is haunted ?
usually her kind does nt go in for this kind of thing .
* * * first thing monday morning kate walked into the bank and looked for the manager .
next thing i know , he s put ms . bitch in charge .
death is never an easy thing for anyone , let alone kids this age who think they re going to live forever .
he s flying back to washington first thing tomorrow morning .
the death of the mayor was one thing , but his murder yet another , producing a dark cloud that hovered above all of elkton .
this is a terrible tragedy , believe you me , but we ve got to deal with it , and decide if we should cancel this thing .
its the kind of thing that brings pleasure to those who witness it .
the hardest thing they had during that time was the hunting accident of victor hall , which had never made sense to him .
this subject led to one that often occurred when a community event took place , that of the victor hall hunting accident because it had been the worst thing that had happened in the small town of elkton until now .
i had stopped her from continuing this thing , agatha spoke aloud to herself .
the next thing she knew , her old teacher pal , mary , who played the guitar with her from time to time , grabbed her arm and said , hey agatha .
actually , the only thing agatha had nt told james about was the bank robbery that max had been so enamored with .
that is precisely the kind of thing i want to hear abouteven if it seems insignificant to others .
ill get you the list of rifles first thing tomorrow .
hell , the worst thing that probably happened was they got the munchies .
so far the only thing i ve found is that each page has got a 1y , 2y , 3y , or 4y on it .
such a sad , sad , thing , i think .
i found the habit irritating , but when it was only an occasional thing i had held my tongue .
if you re right about this property deed thing then the lowells definitely have a motive .
not a bad thing in the wintertime , but if she was still doing it in july i was going to have to take her back to obedience school .
that s kind of a rare thing these days .
the last thing she remembers is eating lunch at a caf in brooklyn heights .
roger , i ve arranged to have the items brought to the archives first thing tomorrow .
going down stairs was never her favorite thing .
you re going on a diet first thing tomorrow .
the last thing i remember he was at the bottom of an old septic tank .
at least one thing was going as planned .
shaffer will be up in the air first thing tomorrow .
the next thing he knew , he was laying in a throbbing blur on the dirt floor of a small bamboo and grass reed hut .
the next thing he knew he woke up in the hospital feeling like he d been hit by a mack truck .
the last thing he saw was a shadow at the top of the stairs , a flash , and it was over .
it seemed that if there was one thing the military did nt like , it was being investigated by another branch of the government .
the only thing i ve seen anywhere close to it came from asia .
it was the most exciting thing milhouse had ever witnessed !
first thing in the morning , i want as many people as possible here to search the porch and that stand of trees to the left of it .
i found them first thing this morning .
next thing you knew , she blurted out , her ?
when i swallowed down some bile , next thing i knew , i was yanked out of the dumpster by one shoulder and a leg .
as i sat in quiet defiance , next thing i knew they disconnected with me wondering if i should dig a hole to china or go at jinx full - force and declare , game - on .
not one bloody thing happened in class today .
funny thing was , we smelled that behind a bulletproof glass .
i hit the vending machines first thing , grabbed a snickers bar then collected my books for first period heading straight for the counselors office .
when the sadist in me turned , the first thing i thought was ... oh .
my god , the first thing i thought was i needed to wash it .
listen next thing you knew , i heard a dial tone .
next thing you knew , dylan growled he was hanging up , that he wanted to see my face , and was resorting to skype .
it was monday morning , and the last thing i expected was a wake - up call at 6 am from oscar ... but now i had direction .
firing up safari , apples browsing software , first thing i did was type avo into google .
taking a frantic step backward , next thing you knew , he was penned - in like he was a piece of meat and they were a hungry pack of dogs .
i must ve nodded off into a narcoleptic stupor because next thing i knew i was talking to liam .
if he d spoken with the others , then they d probably informed him i witnessed the whole thing .
heres the interesting thing .
i never got the opportunity to beg , please , or at least , make it quick , because next thing i knew , he suddenly turned and bolted out of the building in an emotionally unpredictable squall .
the only thing productive accomplished was my term paper was finished ( yay , me ) , but it was completed in between literally sobbing over my interim grades .
next thing you know , everyone with any power was getting knocked off too , until they busted up a meeting of ours with an ultimatum .
i waited for an epiphany from heaven but did nt get a doggone thing .
as i licked the salt off a corn chip , i must ve been staring into no - mans - land because next thing i knew , everyone was yelling for me to answer my phone .
first thing i thought was , swooneth my butteth off .
next thing you knew , brynn hathaway and trudi hatchett were standing next to me with smiles as fake as the meat stuck between my teeth .
when we told one another how sucky our day had been , one thing led to another , and i clued him in on my plans to get close to liam .
evidently , vinnie felt i d need help because next thing i knew , he was outside my house bearing gifts .
next thing i knew , though , he shoved his left hand over my mouth and held on even tighter .
a smiling liam with a tiny bandage on his cheeklike not a darn thing had gone down in the weight room that probably should send us to military school or some sort of long - term counseling .
next thing you knew , liam and jon were nt playing peacemaker anymore .
when she expelled another bullet , i ducked down in the weeds trying to hide as i sprinted , but next thing i knew , i was flat on my backhurtled through the airwith eddies 9 mm in my face , her laughing like a goon .
i allowed myself a moment to be proud of myselfreveling in what i d accomplishedbut the cockiness barely had a chance to settle because next thing i knew , tires screeched and an angry hand was flat on my back , shoving me face - first into the trunk of a car .
jonas was n't interested , but i liked the sounds of it , and one thing led to another and eventually i retired from the force and started tate security full - time . ''
his lip did that thing again where it curled up ever so slightly .
` ` i hate to leave already , '' belinda said , ` ` but i have a dinner thing to go to and i have to get ready . ''
` ` a dinner thing ? ''
it was kyle 's first attempt at talking since she came home , and he would have to pick now when she was running late for the art museum thing .
worse knowing that lily tried to put the blame on kyle for the whole thing . ''
missed the whole thing .
as he headed for the door , andrews was quick to respond , i did nt see a thing .
now pretend you never saw a thing and go about your daily chores , okay ?
it was alan who had the enthusiasm to make things happen , regardless of who had the idea in the first place .
but , it was just after your wedding , so i did nt want to stop long and then , with one thing and another , i ve been busy .
you ve probably missed the biggest thing to happen in these parts , ever !
cigarettes , drink , fake goods , all that kind of thing , but until recently , no drugs .
she s blamed the whole thing on alan harper , saying that he s set her husband up after he was fired .
the next thing i knew i came too being sick in a back alley in town the following day .
it was a pride thing , and a hangover from when she taught in medical school .
but the same thing kept happening night after night for a whole month , until we finally read that one of the side effects of azt was the wasting away of muscle tissue .
there 's such a thing as overkill for the jury .
an incorrect diagnosis , unnecessary or botched surgery and other medical procedures , hospital - induced infections , that sort of thing .
but the interesting thing was that there were ten people who reviewed my grant and rejected it .
and one other thing , which i do n't think you ' ve heard about in this trial : nitrites turn most classes of antibiotics into carcinogens .
but the first thing that may surprise you is that the so - called hiv tests used to diagnose mr . johnson as hiv - positive are so inaccurate that they are virtually useless .
this kind of thing was happening everywhere .
funny thing , though ; its campbell that s going to pull it out .
but the worst thing about being in a monogamous marriage and having your husband test positive is that the people giving you the post - test counseling start putting doubts in your head .
gwen is finding this whole thing fascinating .
i mean , i ve seen an edited version on the internet , but never the whole thing .
the thing that upset me the most was that dr . padian started touting her study as proof of how effective condoms were , along with hiv education and what she called behavioral intervention , when her study does nt say any such thing .
it was the most bloody awful thing that had happened in haversville in years .
anyway , we argued about what to do next , then i must have fallen asleep on his couch cause the next thing i know i could smell coffee and bacon and the sun was pourin ' in the lousy window up in the corner of the room .
next thing you know , another dude came out and i could see it was cleaver .
honestly , fiona 's leaving was the best thing that could ever have happened to this gallery .
the next thing i knew , i was pinned between the building and a car .
the next thing i knew i was being lifted- damn , he really was as strong as he looked , i am no featherweight- and carried out to the truck .
i was sitting beside jase on the sofa and at some point i must have fallen asleep , because the next thing i knew , jase and i were in the living room alone .
this kind of thing was popular in the early nineteen - hundreds .
next thing , she 'd be telling him how old i was when i potty - trained .
it 's a lousy thing to accuse me of . ''
that prevents that sort of thing from happening , '' pia admonished .
except , while we are still excavating the rest of the remains and wo n't have any of the results back from forensics for at least a couple of weeks , we do know one thing . ''
well , the only thing that happened , besides coming home with some great carved wooden giraffes , was that i saw some specimens of the trees that produce the brachystegia flowers .
she goes to luncheons , teas , that sort of thing but does nt like to get her hands dirty .
come down first thing tomorrow morning .
the funny thing was that out of all those two hundred people only two really stood out .
the only thing was julian just maybe was nt that good .
there was a problem when this kind of thing happens and that was that one had no protection .
tonight when he abducted her and started cutting her up it was the most natural thing in the world .
he stared at what was in front of him and was fishing around inside his head for any feelings he may have had about the whole thing .
this was the sort of thing that happened when one was around julian jones .
now i know the chief wants to send jones down for this whole thing and i know how this looks .
it always looks bad for them when this sort of thing happens and they always pull their head in as a result .
jones himself had written a book about the whole thing and it was a huge bestseller .
first of all were going to televise the whole thing so we do nt want a couple of old time career cops who look like they should be perched on a bar rather than on the street if you know what i mean .
just going down to the store for a loaf of bread , or some such thing , and a truck crashed into her .
i want a search warrant obtained and a thorough search of the suspect 's home begun first thing in the morning .
chance that cold air from canada might turn the whole thing to snow .
` ` that 's a terrible thing to happen , joey .
next thing they 're gon na accuse of of shooting the president . ''
that 's the neighbor from the shooting thing , is n't it ? ''
she had n't expected such a thing could happen and it slipped by her .
` ` hell , joey , '' doris gibed , ` ` you 're going to prison anyway , it 's probably the closest thing to sex with a woman you 're going to see in a long time . ''
when her father and uncle reese disappeared it was not the sort of thing to report to authorities right away .
remember every moment with jennifer and every little thing that happened , as incidental as it may seem .
he was nt happy unless he had everyone laughing about one thing or another and it usually took jenns mom to finally grab him by the arm and pull him away from the crowd of kids .
did the same thing happen to her that happened to jenn , fran shouted as she pulled her face off of stephanies shoulder .
we told your sister first thing this morning and she left to drive over to peters house to talk to him about what happened .
you lost the girl of your dreams , your soul mate , and that s not an easy thing to cope with .
i do know that he was riding a silver colored racing bike and one thing i did notice that seemed awful funny to me at the timehe was wearing dress shoes instead of tennis shoes .
the last thing she wanted was her fourteen - year - old sister telling their mom that she had to stand around and wait because stephanie was with randy .
same thing , answered mr . thomas .
but i do remember one thing , i remember just before he put the tape over my eyes i remember seeing blue .
jock mclean sucked on his empty pipe , daring steve to invoke the non - smoking policy of the hotel , and glared alternately at christopher , whom he blamed , somewhat unfairly , for starting the whole thing , and amaryllis , who was sitting shuffling papers and as an outsider would be the automatic scapegoat , should one be needed .
the others were in a hurry to get to the pub , and i thought i d better have a word with mr paxman about what had happened at the meeting what would happen next , that kind of thing and i stayed on a couple of minutes longer to speak to him .
christopher knew that if there was one thing guaranteed to end in tears , it was young dave trying to explain in words of one syllable something that everyone else in the room understood better than him .
' funny thing , ' said mrs stevenson , ' that policeman said somebody reported a disturbance . '
he did n't spell out to himself what kind of thing he was thinking of , mainly because he did n't want to frighten the wits out of himself .
he might have to cancel the meeting anyway , since he had no idea how long this thing at the hospital would take .
the most exciting thing he had ever done was to disappear suddenly and without a trace .
there s no such thing , said simon .
as soon as bad people started to make mistakes , they were fatally weakened , because it no longer seemed that things would go exactly according to plan for them , and if one thing had gone wrong , then other things could too .
the only thing he sure of was that he was n't hallucinating .
christopher no longer had a problem with that - all things considered , it was about the least weird thing that had happened lately .
' so it was all part of the same thing ? '
i think that sort of thing only happens on television anyway .
one thing he had never expected to see was jock mclean dressed up as santa claus .
and people expect to see santa claus at this kind of thing .
being away from things for a while having time to think it was the best thing that could have happened .
the only thing i could wish for would be a view of the mountains from my house .
tapping into his libido was a sure thing .
there are lots of thing going on in key west we do nt want to know about .
bad vibes , a thing like this .
the next thing i saw was a hand thrust out of the companionway with a frosty ice house in a hugger .
i do nt remember it all , but this thing with alexis .
my mind went back to miss julianne and the second - sight thing .
beamon told me about the thing in charlotte .
next thing we started thinking about distribution .
next thing we got offers to finance .
that s the one thing i m sorry about .
the poor creature , she is beside herself with grief over the whole thing .
i wanted to shake her awake , to demand she tell me how such a terrible thing could have happened once again , and who gave her that foul elixir that brought about ruin not only for herself , but for constance gowain and in some oblique fashion my easy position in the cox household .
jane planned on hitting up the village friends booth first thing to reconnect and even , maybe , begin the application process .
i need you to come with me to the medical examiners office first thing tomorrow morning .
tuesday morning , first thing , jane stood in the parking lot of her old apartment building , shivering in the early morning mist .
shed have to find a way to let him know she had nt missed it on purpose , because of the thing with jake .
they called me last night so i set them up to come first thing .
what a huge , beautiful thing to do for the city .
nothing your dad did consisted of assault , and i have the whole thing on film .
the last thing jane had expected to find was the fully forty - year - old fitch trying to have his way with the barely legal daughter of the deceased .
if this thing drags on , if you do nt catch him this time , they will need to know where you are .
if you were tied to four cars and only one of them moved , the same thing would happen .
possibly the worst thing to ever happen to a human being .
removing the teeth did nt help much , so it was a rare thing to do .
i know some unusual facts here and there , like the radium thing .
although she was sure that was not the strangest thing most people had seen .
as far as i could tell , the whole thing was just a diversionary tactic by the government to try and get us to forget about all the doom and gloom and greyness around us and do something frivolous for a while .
i m only telling you because you know about this kind of thing .
it sounds as if its the most interesting thing going on at the moment , she said .
i wanted to have the whole thing cancelled , but the palace people said it was impossible .
does this kind of thing happen to you all the time , oliver ?
i swerved away and tried the other side , but the same thing happened .
he ca nt be behind every bad thing that happens life is nt like that , said oliver , still gazing into my eyes .
he seems to have been in some sort of elite training section for a while at the start of the war , there was a lot of new recruitment about then men fired up with patriotism , that sort of thing .
the next thing i heard was her voice .
well , next thing i knew , i woke up in a cell .
i trail him around all day , till sullivan takes over the job , and the worst thing he does is to take a golf lesson at mimbels , with the thermometer up so high it fairly makes me drip every time i think of him .
it did nt stun him , yet when he tried to rise , the first thing he knowed he was grabbed from behind and half choked by somebody .
but that experience had me wondering if the same thing had happened to shannon parkhurst .
money was missing , properties had been misrepresented , clients cheated , that sort of thing .
ill try not to be too late at this fundraiser thing , and we can get an early start tomorrow .
boyer except that the story about shannons death did nt feel right , that barrys statements did nt add up , and that the whole trunk thing seemed odd .
do you know how often i ve wished for that same thing ?
next thing i know you ll want me to pick up your dry cleaning .
he d be sleeping , then when we d get off the highway he d jump right up like he d never missed a thing .
dan and meredith stood looking down at a baby wrapped in a white blanket , but the thing that spun bethanys mind was the fact that linda was there beside them .
the funny thing was she said she had the wrong number .
i do nt know what she had in mind , but what he did to me was the worst thing imaginable .
nah , i ai nt heard a thing .
and if what he said about clem was true , she knew that greedy slime ball would have been here first thing .
well , ashley began , a tinge of shame mellowing her gaze , i m not supposed to know anything , but ida heard her niece mary beth talkin about it to her momma , who said she was plumb crazy over the whole thing .
after turning casey away at frans , an overdose was the last thing delaney expected to happen .
` ` good thing you did n't tell thaddeus about that .
it was from orfeo , requesting to see me first thing in the morning .
` ` the interesting thing is that it was dissolved about three months ago , after all its assets were liquidated and drained off .
tonight , as you sip wine , this is a great and good thing that you do .
first thing every morningevery morninghe wrote down what he needed to do that day on the far left of the war board .
and the next thing i knew i was all wrapped - up poolside .
that was the first thing that happened .
that was the second thing that happened .
and then the strangest thing happened : the cop laughed .
but he knew he could nt look her in the face without thinking of old george doing the wild thing in the bahamas with his secretary , rosa granado , a woman some twenty years younger and twenty inches smaller in the waist than the missus .
the next thing he knew , he was holding captain dearmans arm , grasped in one of his huge fists , with the other man shrieking beside him , and melissa wrapped around his neck , screaming into his ear , bubba !
the only thing he was sorry about was that he could nt have told melvin about the missing part until after melvin had completely finished the transmission .
sheriff john and deputy simms ai nt looking for anyone else to have done this thing to melissa .
then some other damn thing happened .
was that a thing i could do again ?
it seemed an odd and rather personal thing to ask and was not the type of interview that eamon expected , but this must be how you got a loan .
the best thing that happened to us was annette and yet i ve used her as an excuse , a crutch to stop me from facing the reality of life .
there was no significant evidence but there was the possibility that the police were setting the whole thing up .
i had nt actually seen them , and i considered it the only good thing that happened that day .
that kind of thing happened more than you d think .
morty smiled , a rare thing , but he likes to hear me cuss .
the next thing i knew , i d be breaking out in hemorrhoids .
i told you i do nt normally do this sort of thing , harry said by way of preemptive apology .
it soon grew out of that and into a weekly thing .
this was bauriac , and if they stayed their distance , perhaps they could still cling to the illusion that things like this just did n't happen in their area .
i created a diversion , pumped the boy with a syringe , and last thing i knew they were in the operating theatre trying to save him . '
the doctors said that he 'd been asleep for nineteen days , but he could n't recall anything , not even the accident ; the last thing he remembered was his mother reaching back , soothing his brow , staring at her blonde hair as he sunk back into sleep .
tell me , what 's the first thing you see ? '
the only thing to cause a chink of concern was lambourne 's flippant remark that the area where they lived , east grinstead , was ' home to more fringe religious groups than any other part of the country . '
no more having to look into chapeau 's sad fish eye to see that the only thing to bring some life into it , some mirth , was his own discomfort .
and then once i wake up and the whole stupid horrible thing replays itself in my mind , i ca nt fall back asleep even if i wanted to , which at that point obviously i do nt anyway .
i watched the whole thing , and i tried to help but i could nt move , and they did nt hear me and there was nt anything i could do .
i do nt think this kind of thing happens to most people ever .
the first thing i notice is the blood on my pillow .
its not like there s a guidebook for this kind of thing .
i figured it was just a weird dream , a one - time thing , and not worth talking about .
any other time i would be very annoyed at that , but considering how we met its a fair thing to wonder about .
it was nt a one - time thing , we have something real , do nt we ?
i kiss him , and then i m still whispering when i tell him , i love you too , and that s the last thing i remember before i fall asleep .
there ll be pro athletes there , players from the phillies and eagles and flyers , signing photos and all that sort of thing .
the last thing that goes through my mind before i m out is that , maybe , my fathers crazy words might not be quite so crazy after all .
it would definitely be a genetic thing , then , something inherited .
i do nt believe hei cantits the most amazing thing .
the very best thing of all is , i do nt dream .
that s the funny thing , she said .
what was the last thing she had seen ?
and did nt the spice girls sing about that very thing ?
belle was a one - time thing only which had turned out to be a colossal mistake .
and underneath there s this fuse just waiting to be ignited by the slightest thing .
he d get that back to sullivan probably later today or first thing tomorrow .
hell be practically invisible and hell have made sure his number plate is obscured , that sort of thing .
ill put this under lock and key and first thing tomorrow morning ill drop it off with fitch .
he was going to water that sorry - ass spider plant if it was the last thing suddenly his mobile rang .
at any rate , merrie was nowhere to be found , and no one except rebecca had seen a thing .
honestly he 's harmless , but while you 're in town you might want to avoid him if that sorta thing makes you uncomfortable .
` ` i was n't able to get into the building until first thing this morning , '' ted johnson from the fire investigation branch was saying .
one thing i did come across , though ... '' he hesitated .
well have a staff briefing first thing tomorrow morning and ill take assembly .
its the sort of thing that happens to other people , not to me .
i ve got this thing in the sports hall this afternoon , and i need to catch up with one or two people before then .
and one thing that could be said about logan , he paid his people well .
laura remembered that two weeks before arthur had telephoned first thing the morning after the governors meeting in a bit of a panic as he had mislaid his laptop .
the same thing happened at her old paper , the river city current , whose staff of experienced reporters migrated to the cincinnati enquirer when an opening occurred .
you mean thing thing ?
next thing you know , he s telling me helena needs some younger blood .
next thing you know , he started in on kathy the way his father had on me .
that sort of thing , irita said , her tone a mixture of concern and confusion .
what with the awol thing , she s afraid he might run from the cops .
they had put on their earphones , chatting about the usual kind of thing first - time fliers wanted to hear .
we can head east first thing tomorrow morning and explore squaw mountain .
the men getting caught is one thing , you getting captured is an entirely different story .
fortunately tanya grant saw the whole thing . ''
spliff wondered whether such a thing was possible .
the first thing was that some of the broken bones did n't knit properly and a cut was infected too .
the next thing she 'd caught a nasty chill .
the second thing was that the shoemaker / levy9 comet crashed into jupiter in the 1990s with the entire scientific community watching .
the only thing we 'd achieve would be the government party losing an election . ''
what s the worst thing that could happen to our case ?
the thing is steve is claiming that vivian changed her will after he married her .
the sad thing was , her boyfriend was a law student , but she did nt dare mention this to charles .
` ` well one thing 's certain , '' gill commented to him .
the whole thing 's pretty incredible , '' added alicia .
` ` funny thing though , '' said gill .
` ` ok , we dig there first thing in the morning .
` ` even allowing for interests which would make the thing more likely , there seems to be more than coincidence at work , '' answered alan .
the second thing that manjy , gill and alan noticed was the relative smallness of the terminal building at jerez .
oh , so you ve gotten girls through that fighting , thing .
except for the only thing she could nt imagine ever happening .
then , first thing saturday morning kaitlyn went out and started her search for work .
as she slowly opened the file the first thing that grabbed her attention was a picture of her mother before the kidnapping .
that night , an odd thing happened .
it was 3:33 , the whole thing had taken less than eight minutes and k figured he 'd been outside the house for about four of those .
but as i fell to my knees the only thing i saw was his head .
max , what is the last thing you remember ?
not a thing after that ?
the fire chief said he had not , adding , it 's the damnedest thing .
it 's the craziest thing i ' ve ever seen .
he agreed as if that kind of thing happened every day , which it probably did .
this sort of thing happens all of the time .
the only thing that really seemed to capture his attention was lilys death , but she was nt ready to share her theories just yet .
i could be wrong , but the whole thing just seems so odd .
it was the funniest thing i have ever seen .
the slightest little thing knocks the electricity out over here .
i completely forgot that i ve got this thing to go to .
the next thing i remember is hearing michaels voice .
with the audience and the music playing , no one would have seen or heard a thing .
you are to remain at the plant until you can be collected first thing tomorrow by car .
the sight of the neat bundles was the last thing peter expected when he opened the metal box in morrisey 's apartment .
` ` funny vibrating thing ?
his rabid right - wing political opinions are not what i want to listen to first thing in the morning , no matter how cheerful he is about it .
i agreed to check it out first thing today . ''
the only thing that brings the families any comfort , especially at this time of year , is if we know who the killer is , and in this case , i ve got nothing to go on , nothing at all .
what a sweet thing to offer , jen .
first thing saturday morning .
the last thing i expected was to be yanked into the library by a pair of strong hands .
where s your ale , that sort of a thing .
and then in a year , or two , or five , the same thing would happen .
next thing we hear from our contact in lord westons stables , the soldiers there are gearing up to head out to flamborough .
wiley was the local doomsayer and the keeper of every hideous thing that had occurred within the county in the last sixty years .
this was a small town and she had predicted that the rumor mill would be up and running first thing this morning .
the only good thing to come out of the morning was the fact that the press had nt connected sams disappearance with the murdered women .
shooting at each other in a war is one thing , but this lady was on vacation for gods sakes .
he d seen the same thing on a heart attack victim back when he was still on homicide .
the next thing i knew , i was naked and twirling around the stripper pole .
that kind of thing only happened in books and movies .
she 'd probably been planning this thing since we 'd all left high school , and was likely already organizing our next one .
and it was a wholly scary thing to witness .
' yeah , with one thing and another , i missed dinner . '
you would think these murders are the most exciting thing that has ever happened to wetlake .
you need to look along the axis of the chosen eagle to locate the gate meaning at a place where all things bitter can happen .
i had the funny image of a miniature town in my head and the next thing i knew the alarm clock buzzing at 3:30 startled me .
you know , because of the thing .
i saw him drinking , not just some gross fetish biting goth thing .
worst of all , the whole fangs dropping thing happened again and i fed on seth .
the weight of his body on mine feels right , the most right thing in my world .
only thing , i pop the tiny mints into my mouth like chain smokers light up cigarettes .
this is the sort of thing we asked you to tell us about , this being your dads office .
i went to the chapel every day and said a prayer for you , such a sweet thing to be hurt by such bad people .
next thing i know , the doctor is back in the room running through the guidelines for taking it easy .
the smell of chlorine in the air and the quiet that comes with a still pool throw my arms into action and next thing i know i m down to my suit .
your bite was the most amazing thing i ve ever experienced .
continuing forward , the man flicks his hand and i m careening across the grass , my body slamming into a tree is the only thing that stops me .
it has to do with that healing thing and transformation that i witnessed , does nt it ?
the next thing i know i m flying through the air and hit the ground with the thud .
his tone tells me that lying to him wo nt do me any good and that it is not the last thing i want him remembering about me .
i m concerned about the things we do nt know with such a mixed conversion and the effects on their already traumatized bodies to place certain things in the shields which may repel witches as well .
i know what flashed before you , and although some things are very real and have already happened , others may not be what they seem or set in stone because the future has not happened yet and one thing could affect something else or change the outcome .
i know what flashed before you , and although some things are very real and have already happened , others may not be what they seem or set in stone because the future has not happened yet and one thing could affect something else or change the outcome .
if there s one thing i hate worse than losing , its being conned .
tilting his head , he listened , figuring the kid would set off a few more , but the only thing he heard was a car driving away .
that s more the sort of thing that happens in america .
so , first thing this morning i contacted my source at the war office and ask him to check up on goldstein and purvis senior .
vandalism , that kind of thing .
best thing you ever did was marry a handyman .
the thing is , john called and he s found the lady daphne .
come first thing in the morning , i want you to take that dog to the shelter downtown .
if this was the worst thing that ever happened between his boarder and him , kip could ve rolled with it .
mason did nt look as convinced as his partner with this proclamation , but the last thing molek wanted to hear now was the opinion of a naysayer .
i d testify for the state as to cause of death , the matching of bullets to weapons , that sort of thing , and jake would cross - examine on behalf of his destitute and very guilty clients .
we checked the local meat lockers , ice plants , that sort of thing .
oddest thing is that randy is the only one who wanted to keep going , and i did nt think he was having a good time . ''
the only thing that really made her mad was when people abused it and did nt follow the park rules . ''
that did nt really register at the time , but combined with his attempt to pick up randys things and the tissue services address in randys duffel , it was the only thing that made sense .
the first thing he noticed was her bicycle wheel sticking up out of the ditch .
the one thing they forgot to do was check the car for incriminating evidence .
there was one unsolved thing about the case that detective bryant wondered about and that was how the red paint got on wallaces car .
this was the first murder he would investigate in a church in his carrier , he had seen murders perpetuated virtually every place on earth by all characters of people but never inside a church , such things did n't happen on hallowed grounds he had thought until today , but he had a premonition that this was to be the greatest case of his carrier .
the graveyards now had more cheer than the kings hall , the first time such a thing will happen ever since the hall was built ; the king was appalled at how the dread of ibisia had eaten deep into men .
his eyes grey with age and his beard seemed like wool that shimmered upon his cloak , even as he peered into the subtle eyes of cyran which seem to gleam with a white light as if a mocking laughter was in his heart at the waning strength of mortal men , a thing he would never suffer for he had tasted of the waters of immortality just like his master .
it 's mostly travel costs : gas , phone calls , lodging , that sort of thing .
besides , a blowout would ' ve been an easy thing for the sheriff 's department to spot at the scene during their initial investigation .
losing a volleyball match seemed like the worst thing in the world at the time .
when i fell in love with sebastian i remember thinking to myself if i die right now my life will be complete because i experienced the greatest thing this world has to offer .
this is a sorry thing but that s what happened , said satter .
if he helped smote it was a rare thing for him to do .
she had been worried about this kind of thing , perhaps theft , with her fathers property .
you can find the same thing on the others .
that s the strangest thing i ever saw .
that must have been a thing to see .
the sad thing though is that she never was able to know him well .
though , that was nt the thing that seemed strange ; it was their protest and the officers denial to let them in .
i soon made it to the offices parking and that is when i noticed the oddest thing ever .
they say the hardest thing in the world is to keep a big secret to yourself .
and the worst thing was that i could nt utter a single word of protest : i was powerless .
i 'll get on it first thing tomorrow morning , if that 's okay .
prostitution , small - time gambling , some grass problythat sort a thing .
no , i ca n't amy for i know that in meamy struck her nearly bare breastin my fleshdwelleth no good thing .
you smart bastards jus miss the whole fuckin thing do n't you ?
first thing you know he shows up on the doorstep .
she was still amazed by the whole thing .
he comes back after a couple a years , like he 's coming home from work , and first thing you know , he takes up with nettie , millie 's baby sisterd'you believe it ?
next thing i know , triple d shows up with a message .
what s the connection between you two and the wedding thing ?
its also your chance to let people know that you and johnny were minding your own business when this terrible thing happened .
jeff , i want to take another run out to that field first thing tomorrow morning .
i just want you to know this kind of thing just does nt happen in kauai .
the first thing i noticed was an open briefcase on the bed .
we need to contact him first thing tomorrow , she said .
the dark thing she had witnessed , the many dark things she had seen , made that impossible .
the dark thing she had witnessed , the many dark things she had seen , made that impossible .
the next thing i remember , i woke along the road with this good man standing over me .
what horrible thing did she see or imagine that frightened her , down to her soul ?
i did nt know what to think about all of it , but there was one thing i did know .
but the whole thing was like something out of a bad horror movie .
no no , you see , first he was adamantly opposed to us hosting this thing , he said it gave the suits too much legitimacy .
and the thing is , tomfor some reason , i do nt feel comfortable using his name the thing is , i ve heard some accounts of how consolidated scavenger has infiltrated and manipulated some grassroots groups to convince them to oppose that landfill expansion of yours , and i thought , tom , you might like a chance to comment on that before i go to press he starts to interrupt me , so i stop .
funny thing , i say , there s this berkeley route map i got from wilson that has your address on it , like someone is saying , hey poachers , bring your recyclables to jimmy , hell pay you in cash , no questions asked .
but then i hurt my back and that was the best thing that ever happened to me .
the same thing happened in fremont and hayward .
i still get a thrill out of seeing my story in print , but after six stories in six weeks , the urgency to see it first thing in the morning is nt as strong .
you said it was nt until summertime that some networking thing , barb says quickly , taking the towels from me and passing two of them to rene and sean .
richard grabbed her by the arm to force her , john grabbed her other arm , and the next thing they knew both canoes had capsized .
it felt like an agonizingly slow process to me at the time , but the reality is that i probably made it across the room in an amount of time that was some sort of a club record ( if we kept records of that sort of a thing , which we do not ) .
the whole thing on the ship had been strictly accidental .
things happen , ash , you need to stop looking for intention behind everything that happens around you .
luckily for him , that one thing happened .
if claire were my fianc , then i never would have allowed such a thing to happen .
one of the prisoners witnessed the whole thing from his cell , the warden explained .
the thing is that there was so much blood , heinrik , the warden said , staring at heinriks chest .
none of the guards spoke english , and somehow the whole thing escalated into an incident .
it was the only thing i heard .
i heard a little about some tension regarding the new conductor , who s just about to step downpresumably a temporary thing .
yeah , well that s the kind of thing i want you to keep your ears open to .
this is the worst possible thing that could ve happened .
the other thing that i find surprising is that there s never anyone around when these things happen .
the whole thing could have been staged as far as i know .
then she saw the strangest thing happen .
they walked fast , building up a healthy appetite , then saw a strange thing .
but the worst thing , by far , was when the men behind the hoses got the measure of their range and moved them slowly north and east , towards the low hill .
she suddenly realised - with a jolt like a thunder clap - that this sort of thing could have happened .
she 'd heard of such a thing .
we must consider the possibility that the whole thing was staged .
the only suspicious thing that happened was a glimpse of bill sikes , making his way in the opposite direction .
the other servants do nt take well to that sort of thing , no matter how common its been in older times .
when he stepped out the door , the first thing he noticed was two street kids sitting in a doorway on the other side of the street .
but there s one thing they ca nt predict .
the small and large intestines are both non - present or not found or missing or absent because of the decomposition thing happening in the second week of the composed body .
next thing i knew i had a nice severance package and i was looking for work .
he actually enjoys this kind of thing .
then the next thing i heard was that someone tried to kill evan on the old pier .
the one good thing is that - possibly as a result of her new interest - she has abandoned interior design .
the crazy thing is that orhan did find mrs . muftu 's death certificate .
the only thing he might enjoy with her was watching her die .
the only thing i saw in the case file in front of me was a long explanation before the almighty when he called me up yonder and asked me what i d done with my life .
i seriously doubt you have an invite to this thing .
the only thing noted toward the end was he did nt use his bus ticket home .
the first thing i noticed , after kurt gave me permission to wander around and interview the cons on holmans old cellblock , was everybody liked him .
the thing was joe could nt read well .
the only other thing i remember is the two of them planned to go live there and become rich .
joe supplied him with most of his girls during his time there , but a strange thing happened .
the only thing i knew for certain was the last time anybody saw them alive they were getting on ken bakers new boat and nobody had seen them since then .
the confusing thing was three roads came together here instead of only two , and the map did nt make it clear which one we should follow .
the first thing i noticed was all the bodies were intact .
the only thing xd made me think of at that point was all those tirades i watched john doe go through in the woods .
i did nt have an answer yet , but i already knew one thing from the quick survey i d made of the house , my suspect had played me for a fool .
one thing all the girls told me was the guy was nt very strong .
the entire thing was only an elaborate trick to lure nancy back so he could finish what he started .
while i was out in the hallway , i caught part of the morning tv news coverage of the whole thing .
she had nt dealt with this kind of thing before , the ghost always knew .
its the most exciting thing to happen to me in years !
she knew she was supposed to be investigating connies murder but coming face to face with a possible killer was a scary thing to do .
its one thing after another !
the only thing the staff noticed was that , in the months before the divorce , walker spent more time in nashville than he had done for a while .
there 's only one thing that makes me think she did n't do it .
in fact , he told me that the thing that finally put him over the edge and made him divorce his wife was when she signed them on to do one of those reality shows .
tamra 's spin on the whole thing was that melinda should be grateful .
that was exactly the kind of thing that would happen at home in stanforth .
' funny thing , marriage , ' he mused , more or less to himself .
that embryonic empathy was the only good thing to come out of the case .
he did nt know about ms . gates , but one thing he did know : the car was going back to risuto .
there have even been reports of physical transformation although many feel that its all rubbish because they ca nt explain how such a thing could occur .
last thing i remember , i was sitting here with dr . ram , he s an indian guy .
they followed the boy , who was running after his friends , who were all running in the direction of that magical sounding thing , the frost fair .
who knows when we shall see such a thing again ?
ill be ready for duty first thing tomorrow , sir .
after this whole thing i realized that i love you . ''
it would also explain the flying past my window thing .
the next thing i know i was wrestling with him on the ground .
` ` funny thing about that , friday morning a security guard watching the cameras spilled coffee all over the equipment .
an abortion has no side effects but the thing you will have is the morning sickness for the short time you carry on the pregnancy .
i mean , after what happened to me on saturday , i know the same thing happened to half the girls in this video .
alex stood in the corner and watched the whole thing .
sure thing , the waitress obliged .
he watched the whole thing happen .
t - bone did it like it was the most natural thing in the world .
i did nt see it , or even feel it , but i know he hit me with something , because the next thing i remember , i was laying face down across the back seat of the highway patrol cruiser .
the last thing he remembers is lawson kicking him in the stomach .
the whole thing started one night after harper had been working here for about a month .
the only thing you need to remember is this : wonderland ballroom in barstow , and tonight at 9:00 .
sometimes bad things happen to bad people , but i do nt think ill send flowers .
one thing led to another , and .
i will be with you through this entire thing . ''
next thing i heard was pounding on my front door .
` ` i am not going to this thing for fun '' i said grabbing my small clutch .
inside it was the last thing i expected .
` ` that was the bravest thing i have ever seen .
this was just a one - time thing .
that attack was a one - time thing , teagan said .
the next thing i knew , he was sitting in the back seat of my car , impatiently waiting for a ride .
you know , murder for hire , that sort of thing .
first , one thing that could happen is i m giving her some of my hard - earned cash .
shaking off the chills , i placed my foot on the street , and the next thing i knew , i was dazed and flat on my back on the sidewalk .
the next thing i knew , vivian and mrs . williams were there , too .
the next thing i knew , i was waking up in my bedroom .
i did nt even know there was such a thing here in magnolia , i said nervously .
you d think i d be used to this sort of thing by now ; i d been a ghost hunter for three years .
i suppose i missed the whole thing , i called out the window when we pulled up outside of chesters blind .
i ve found its best to try out my new word first thing in the morning or else i forget to use it .
its a sad thing .
the next thing i knew , little donny was screaming and birds were running through the house flapping their wings , trying to go airborne .
first thing tomorrow i want you to fix that hole for your ma , she continued .
there was nt a thing wrong with your truck .
first thing monday morning , i have an interview .
the next thing i knew , i stood face - to - face with the man i 'd once thought i would marry .
` ` you know , i do n't know if i ought to say this but losing gary was probably the best thing that ever happened to me . ''
the next thing i knew , my jeep was on i-25 , heading north for the san mateo exit .
the only thing i ever was to you was a slap in the face to your father .
and another thing sara readily noticedit was nt a formal dress gathering .
funny thing was , rachel did nt like the real stuff .
but all that power and all that money did nt protect him from the one thing everyone experiences eventually , no matter how rich or poorgrief .
because you re bothered by this thing .
one thing struck me as he disappeared .
about the only thing i m sure of is that the ships on the rock , somebodys dead , and this tea is nt strong enough to keep me awake much longer .
one thing about phil , he does nt get into sad songs and stupid jokes when he s drunk .
you know , responding to the attack that already happened , not protecting against the next thing .
after 9/11 , they hired a ton of new air marshals , but they pushed through applicants with criminal records , psychiatric disorders , financial problems , that sort of thing .
the thing at wal - mart , where they tell you to report anything unusual ?
mostly money laundering , tax evasion , that sort of thing .
then she put the envelope on top of the neat stack of journals so lettie would see it first thing in the morning and turned off the desk lamp .
she left a voicemail for lettie , asking her to check first thing in the morning with the mailroom , ups , and fedex to try to track down a package from either a tim warner or patriotech that should have been delivered to her attention but had nt .
the last thing i wanted to see was this lady jumping .
maybe this was just a one - time thing ?
and , okay , though it was nt my favorite thing to participate in , it did up the ante a bit more .
that ill give him , but ... as i pondered how best to sum up my feelings about billy star , dylan must have figured i d drifted off , because the next thing i knew , i felt his hand on my arm and his low - voiced whisper in my ear .
that s where i learned a lot of what i wanted to know , and the one thing i did nt the first night i drove by here , so long ago .
i had more of a slurp / drool thing happening .
he d caught the same thing i did .
one thing i did notice was that the maintenance staff , a contracted service , was nt consistent .
jennifer was the best thing that ever happened to me .
i knew that todd had gotten married too , but if mother was trying to fix me up with him , it was a safe bet the marriage was a thing of the past .
next thing i know , i m here .
i wish i could tell you that i found a really spectacular clue , something that the police had overlooked , but i did nt find a blessed thing .
the worst thing that would happen , was that he d laugh at me , and even if he did , i d survive .
maybelle surfaced a second later , and although she did nt exactly button her blouse , i got the impression that it was a near thing .
the next thing that happened was that clarice died .
the next thing that happened was that the nashville voice ran a derogatory article about brenda , and dredged up the whole kress - building fiasco .
if it had been a one time occurrence , maybe not , but i think that sort of thing may have been going on a lot .
marquitas face went stony , and i was too entertained by the whole thing to even try to resist temptation .
it was nt until the next sunday , when the same thing happened again , that the real estate community sat up and took notice .
poor lila , what a horrible thing to have happen .
the one thing cory did nt like was being called stupid or dumb .
i do nt know if it was part of the dark dream , but i ve always thought that whatever the thing with the dreadlocks and the overalls was , it had come out of the dark dream , to prepare me or warn me of things to come .
but there is one sure thing , and i envy you this , you wo nt ever know that pain .
and the strange thing was ( and this is the part where the kid telling the story adds a little emphasis ) , the house did nt burn down from the fire .
the next thing i knew i was waking up on our couch in the living room sometime around noon , later that same day .
that sort of thing would nt , could nt happen in our city , let alone in our own neighborhood .
we did nt want to have the same thing happen again so we kept our mouths shut and slunk down the hall .
the last thing i heard before my head went under was : you four .
the last thing i heard before going under was the lifeguard with the mirror glasses blowing his whistle again .
i never heard the accompanying thunder but the next thing i was aware of was the sunlight streaming in through the shades in my room .
the last thing i saw was my dad standing in front of me , looking like he wanted to eat me , his beer was still in his hand .
it was a couple of months ago when almost the same thing happened .
fuck , i thought ricky was bullshiting , making the whole thing up , acting like - like - like a baby to get some attention .
the second thing to happen was he grabbed the door and slammed it shut , throwing us into complete darkness .
they all saw the same thing .
then he mentioned the one damn thing i did nt want anyone to mention as long as i was there .
bridget took leona under her wing after that whole surgeon stalker thing .
and you told me about that thought form thing that played out on the window that time .
she told me not to worry , but i still did nt like the way the thing went down .
maybe she even helped you set the thing up .
what behavior do you consider strange after a thing like that ?
and the scary thing is that karen saw it , too , but she did nt seek anyones help .
ricardo and mallory must have their own little thing going on .
i did nt see a thing i had nt noticed before until i reached the bottom of the final page and saw the name of the officer handling the case .
emily , dear , dear emily ; the only good thing to come out of this marriage , he said to himself as once again the waves of guilt came over him .
first thing monday morning , if you find any in the paper , you can start looking at those you think might be of interest to you .
` ` ah , there was one thing he told me .
first thing in the morning , i ' m going to get a court order and go over that house in the back with a fine - toothed comb .
as badly as he wanted the thing to be random and pointless , the harmless obsession of a crazy old coot , it was harder now to think that it could be .
war correspondent , last thing i heard . ''
the first letter of the first word , then the second letter of the second word , and keep going like that until it starts over and then the same thing .
argus asked , ` ` what 's this thing you keep talking about ? ''
` ` a horrible thing , worse than murder .
from the morning until i locks it last thing of the day .
` ` it must have been a frightening thing to happen . ''
i searched the previous letters again for any mention of a curious or sinister incident , but if she had described such a thing , she had not copied out the letter that contained it .
` ` the next thing that happened is that about a quarter past one , a fine carriage pulled up and stopped in front of number 22 .
she must have found it unbelievable that such a thing could happen . ''
breaking up with that dick - wad was something on the list of ` ` shit i ' ve done lately that i can be proud of , '' but it was pretty much the only thing .
the last thing i heard was you scream and your phone crash .
` ` you 're telling me the biltmore club is an s & m thing ? ''
the beer calmed our nerves quickly , and soon the whole thing seemed really funny .
another thing to make worths throat hurt .
and then he came to the thing on memorial day weekend a different color .
the left hand is the devils hand , dad said , and the worst thing was when eddie started saying it , too .
sounds like a silly thing to fight over .
next thing i knew , i was test drivin that bike . ''
but lucinda would have wanted to ride her first thing , i mused , knowing the woman without ever having met her .
the first thing i notice when all my senses came back to life was the motion of the car moving .
out of the way , my sister hissed , and the next thing i knew , i was lifted in the air and we were moving , faster than ever .
the next thing i knew , i was no longer in control of my own body .
last thing i saw was taylor attempting to keep tristan from me .
i think peyton is making progress with her fireballs if the sizzling and flickering midair thing is anything to go by .
they re having trouble finding her , because she is purposefully blocking them out or its an automatic thing .
it was only a onetime thing .
please tell me that s a onetime thing , she groaned .
the next thing i heard was the door slamming and locking .
then i guess i sort of fell backward or something because the next thing i knew i was sitting on the floor . ''
` ` you can probably have it first thing tomorrow . ''
that 's about the biggest thing to happen to the museum since the new building .
` ` you and i been hanging out together so much on the page case , i forget you are n't used to this sort of thing .
apparently the only thing that resulted from his arrest was that it had drawn the attention of the reviewer for the new york times who had made an effort to see the show .
chris could n't think of a thing to say , and then several things happened at once .
she did it like it was the most natural thing in the world .
jacks neck did that cringe thing again .
jack said it like it was the most normal thing .
vi one thing leads to another thursday morning inspector kelly started a regimented day .
the closest thing he found was n't in texas , it was in mississippi .
the first thing he saw was the last thing he wanted to see .
the first thing he saw was the last thing he wanted to see .
the only thing that snapped him out of it was the hot muzzle of the gun pressed against his neck .
there were nt a thousand , like i would have thought , but they may have been waiting to turn out at the end of the night the whole fashionably late thing .
back , but kyle did nt say anything the deer caught in the headlights thing .
the whole funeral thing was a blur for me , though .
i thought back to what we already knew and my mind stuck on one thing - vanessa martins email to liz .
i felt myself nodding and i was going to say something , but i forgot when the worst thing ever happened .
ethan took that hand in his , surprising me , i m assuming you mean with the whole getting shot thing .
that sort of thing only happened in movies like sixteen candles or she 's all that , not in some weird girl who crashes funerals ' life .
we were nt sure if you wanted to go , but there s a party tonight at this girls house on the beach , sort of a back to school thing .
last thing he remembered , he d been talking to a diamond - studded , smokin hot brunette in a little black dress , within searing distance from the giant rock fireplace - he d stood close enough to smell her musky perfume , ostensibly to hear her over the conversational din .
as if the whole thing was staged or something .
the next thing i knew , i was waking up with my sister standing over me asking me what had happened .
the next thing james saw was famed announcer tom brokaw as a ` ` talking head '' saying , just in from minnesota , a cia attempt at achieving esp goes terribly wrong as two physicians and an air force colonel are arrested for killing a mental patient .
frog was enthused by this whole thing .
but she set the whole thing up .
not being susans friend can be a bad thing .
and the sad thing is that i did nt really learn anything .
the best thing to ever happen , next to having her kids , was bradley leaving her .
since jackie was my friend from high school , shed been around when nick and i had our thing .
it seemed to be a common thing amongst the elderly , writing down their numbers so that memory loss would nt leave them destitute .
it was nt often that hilda considered the idiosyncrasies of others , other than to work out how to use them for her own purposes , but she suspected that poor mousey lettie had spent her life trying to please mama , and the sad thing was , she would never succeed .
well its certainly not the sort of thing i would expect to happen in neston , replied hilda , remembering that she was supposed to come from there , ours is a respectable neighbourhood .
the first thing manda noticed was that copies had been made of the originals .
they had a thing going , you know .
` ` and another thing '' ` ` oh , let me guess , '' brian said .
or maybe she 'd played it for so long , the act was the only thing that was real .
` ` with the barn so close to the house , nancy and i always thought we 'd be safe from this sort of thing . ''
he 'd call me out to check on the status of one of his mares or to check for uterine infections , that sort of thing . ''
` ` so , what started the whole fucking thing ? ''
` ` sorry that this whole stupid thing happened . ''
` ` but the thing is , drake did n't act like he was guilty .
we checked the farm , but afterward , i could n't remember one damn thing i 'd seen or done .
it was just a timing thing .
there was a game of informal water polo that was now a regular thing , and john was an enthusiastic participant on every occasion he was nt ill . forster would have liked to ask to see footage of john with clare , but could nt think of an excuse .
simpson : time of death comes down to the physician 's personal judgment - warmth of body , nervous activity , that sort of thing .
the same thing time after time - the same stupid game .
then , a horrifying thing occurred .
i suppose its a difficult thing for a daughter to get her mind around , even a wellesley cum laude like you .
but such an awful thing to happenand right here in the library .
the thing is , imim not comfortable with the way she died .
one weird thing happened late saturday afternoon .
i m planning on being on the last flight out of nice to atlanta either tomorrow night or first thing the next morning .
does the woman live there all the time or was it just a temporary thing ?
maybe y all do that sort of thing over here and its no big deal , but its a definite faux pas where i come from .
she looked into his eyes and found herself thinking : he s seen this sort of thing a thousand times before .
this thing with elise was actually the trigger .
i ca nt relax or the whole thing will fall apart , and honestly , no , darla is not leading cheers from the sidelines .
they take on cases where a woman has been abused , where rape has occurred , or domestic violence , that sort of thing .
the next thing i know i m blindfolded , lying on the floor of a car .
my assistant in the lab had a similar thing a few days ago , and judging by the lineups in dr . tower 's office it may be a local epidemic . ''
it was a horrible thing ! ''
` ` there was the strange thing .
for the next four hours , he wove a story so in depth , she wondered the next morning if shed dreamt the whole thing .
jim acknowledged the same thing and presented his hand in a friendly jester , ` ` let 's start over . ''
he pleaded , ` ` i ' ve never been able to witness the whole thing . ''
the only thing that happened was the two of them were fighting constantly .
until they consumed her entire head , but she never saw a thing .
shed seen the same thing happen several times before , and every time she thought the lake was a total loss , it bounced back and this was going to be no different .
he went on ` ` he put you on that horse and the first thing it did was head for the fence .
you might even draw a few more people here to the ski resort , with a little thing like a dickens festival . ''
snuggling down into the quilt , she felt as if shed just witnessed the most important thing in her life .
everything just went on from there , feasibility studies , that sort of thing .
the thing is i did nt think james would be so up in arms about the possibility of the council getting disbanded and absorbed into frayminster .
sue was determined to let things play out without interfering , but it was such an odd thing to happen .
not at all - its a terrible thing to have happened , and we all want to do everything we can .
its the sort of thing that happens on the news , but not to people you know .
i reckon he was getting fond of her , but when this flaming phone call thing happened , she got upset and would nt talk to him .
it was a terrible thing to happen , but you were in no way to blame , and you should nt feel ashamed .
more of this sort of thing - he indicated the offending cliff edge with a dramatic wave of his arm .
so i thought maybe clandecy was his partner in crime , because he s a cool customer and he has the sort of background where people got rid of their enemies as an everyday thing .
what a foolish thing to overlook , considering the seriousness of the circumstances .
well , last night i dreamed about this very thing .
steve told me that you know about our thing , courtney said .
when i saw you lying there , that s the first thing i thought of .
she and steve are having a thing .
good thing i m off duty , nina , or i d have to arrest you .
name one thing that s going right in my life .
the first thing he mentioned after greeting them was nachos arrest , having learned the news through a courtesy phone call from detective albright .
if all of those things were to happen five or ten years before the rapture , it would change the way the countries of the world would look at israel .
the very same thing happened this time as it did when sherry had shawn .
the minutes ticked by and the stillness hardened into an oppressive concrete thing .
the whole thing felt unreal , was unreal .
in five minutes they returned , reporting that the whole thing had been a false alarm .
but then a very strange thing happened , as if a thought , not exactly , a pre - thought was trying to work its way through all the other thoughts into some form of realization .
the first thing after breakfast the next day i was dragged off to interrogation .
but the impending thing put a wall between us and i could not recapture that easy sense of her .
she was the best thing that had happened to me and i did not want to risk our relationship .
there was a good chance that the whole thing had only been a dream .
then a strange thing happened ; she sensed me .
do nt get distracted , i told myself , but if i was looking for some unknown thing , for something out of place , this was mysterious enough to investigate .
* * * * * the first thing i noticed when i came to was that i was seated and my hands were tied behind my back .
but the sad thing was that it was nt enough .
the next thing i knew was that i was feeling very , very much better .
i suppose one thing led to another .
and if mrs . tolman wants to interview the church about this thing , why am i not doing it ?
delbert was right after all : its not cause and effect ; its one damn thing after another .
the last thing he remembered was martin 's voice , a long way away , saying slowly and reverently , ` ` a quarter of a million bucks .
the same thing happened again , did it not .
if it is an awkward thing for you just say so .
` ` credit card theft , computer scams , that sort of thing .
what a wonderful thing it would be to unite two fractured families .
we 're not imagining the thing .
obviously the consecrated host had something to do with the increased cosmic rays but it was nt the only thing .
tom also said that eddy now works part time as the local sales rep for a church supply company ; furniture , tabernacles , chalices , crosses and crucifixes , prayer books , holy cards , that sort of thing .
next thing you know another flight attendant comes up to the group and priscilla hears her say to the one dressed as a bishop , do you need any help , ben ?
i did and it became a regular thing as i helped her work some fun physics into the one period a week she was expected to teach science .
most of the time we had olivia and her son joey with us : playgrounds , the please touch museum , the dinosaurs at the academy , that sort of thing .
then an even stranger thing happened .
the only thing , said terrance , is that i did nt know , until i was on my way there , how much i loved you .
that had been the thing that had capped off the whole evening : rob had not shown up .
he had called in sick first thing .
sleep on it , then in a moment of generosity , he added , take a tip from me , if you find yourself back in the woods first thing tomorrow morning , you ll find a far bigger story than any wild cat to report upon .
and all of it points to one thing . ''
speaking is impossible too , like the same thing has happened to his lips .
his smile is about the scariest thing i ve seen all year , which , of course , is saying something .
but the really shocking thing is that its not me , its not for me that i feel this , but i feel bad about the fact that something has happened to someone else .
the thing is i drink deep from my glass , the thing is , well things have got yeah , yeah , i know , things have got blurred , right .
its probably that post - partum thing that women go through .
you know walkin an icy riverbank is a perilous thing .
but i m not sure if what i found means anything or even connects to this whole thing .
the weird thing about it , tal , is they never saw the deer , or dog , come out on the other side , nor was it found lying anywhere .
dirk , a really weird thing happened to me a couple of days ago .
the next thing she saw was a paramedic putting something really smelly under her nose .
karen wondered silently what kind of kids would do such a thing , she decided that the sheriff was blowin chocolate bars out his ass .
the big dipper was the last thing karen ever saw .
the only thing he did nt like was the drive home afterwards .
the second thing he realized was that he was nt used to drinking champagne during the middle of the day .
you ve seen this type of thing before ?
then he got in with one of the local gangs and started helping with drug runs , getting involved with fights with other gangs , that sort of thing .
they may have a new member of their gang who we know very little about as its not like them to do this sort of thing .
in three weeks he had seen four terrible murders , all with one obvious thing in common , and therefore surely linked , a part of their bodies had been physically cut out and taken away .
we believe so , although the officer i spoke to suggested she may have had to go away for a few days suddenly and would probably be in touch so not to worry , except we are worried , she has been working here for nearly ten years now and has never done this sort of thing before .
di mike mainwaring finished the call with of course ian , we will get two officers over there first thing in the morning , we will call you tomorrow morning with any news .
in all his time on the force he had seen suicide victims numerous times and it was the one thing that always affected him .
and heres the most amazing thing its not people talking about other people , its people talking about what they ve done themselves , all the awful things .
the only thing is , you have to be careful who you talk to , because there are these weird alliance things going on you do nt know about at first , so it takes a while to suss out who you can slag off to who , so they do nt turn around and tell them , all two - faced .
the only thing is , you have to be careful who you talk to , because there are these weird alliance things going on you do nt know about at first , so it takes a while to suss out who you can slag off to who , so they do nt turn around and tell them , all two - faced .
and she s booking flights and making arrangements for someone to take me to victoria first thing as a special favour and sorting out a room at the mamounia and in minutes , literally just a couple of minutes , were all sorted .
and of course he explained the costume heres me thinking its just some revival thing like after cabaret but that makes much more sense ... and then i really drop off and i do nt know how long i sleep for but at some point chiara throws cold water over my face and says , you re going red .
it was dark and i did nt really know where we were going so i rolled down one of the windows and do you know what the first thing i saw was ?
the thing was this he d got married mid - bender , down in mexico somewhere .
and she gives me this dead sly look and goes , i thought you were sort of famous , that you went to this sort of thing all the time are you nervous ?
this was the most amazing thing , and it seems like nothing .
the thing was , well , mother had nt worked in such a long time and she came up with this ... ruse !
next thing i know , i get a call from the ritz in paris , of all places , and we have a blazing row about everything and do nt see each other for i do nt know how long .
so we had a huge row and i threw her out and next thing i heard she had been rescued from the thames .
the only thing they could have argued about was what you did to amanda . ''
although the police said it must have been a freak accident as to how fanny was electrocuted , it was still the most horrible thing they had ever seen .
see , that was the atrocity of the whole thing .
on the other hand , we can continue to beautify this place and rent to weddings and things like that in order to share the beauty .
a rare thing in this hard world .
the only thing he could see was a couple of rats scampering up the side of a tenement building .
i need a lemonade , darling , madeleine said , knowing that a request from her was one thing that would get him moving .
and then two more girls jumped and they landed on me and i felt my body breakin apart cause my ribs were broke and that s the last thing i remembered til i woke up in the hospital room .
* * * in washington , the white house was excited about one thing and one thing only : the cherry trees were blossoming .
the only thing archie could nt see was the mans jug ears .
and the one thing i wo nt tolerate is doing business with an unreliable partner .
you ll see a doctor first thing tomorrow morning , then i want to go home now .
i m going to call the whole thing off .
and now astor wants to subvert everything and that s the best thing that could have happened .
it is the most amazing thing i have ever seen .
god thing you came back steve .
chris looked at the forlorn father and said , first thing in the morning we are going to get the door logs to all the dorms and classrooms .
this whole thing is really creepy .
good , just stay here for a few minutes and we can get this thing started .
an unusual thing .
came in here first thing this morning to spread the word about you .
i was tired , thirsty , hungry , and sick of this whole thing .
he started to lose his balance , the sort of thing we all might do on any given day while walking through the city , trip on a crack in the sidewalk and take a couple of quick steps to regain equilibrium , but william creek took only one step .
` ` they say that 's the worst thing you can go through , losing a spouse . ''
he knew that all the things that had happened to him in the last day were outside of the limits of possibility for most people , and since his only corroborating witness was a man who believed himself to be the emperor of san francisco , charlie knew he would never be able to convince anyone that he had been pursued and attacked by giant foulmouthed ravens and then declared the tour guide to the undiscovered country by a sultry oracle in fuck - me pumps .
` ` she had found all the references for hellhounds , and the thing they all seemed to agree on was they serve directly the ruler of the underworld . ''
ray does n't suspect about the thing , does he ? ''
` ` i had this thing happen at work .
` ` that 's the funny thing , i did n't tell her anything .
` ` funny thing , '' charlie said , juggling his keys , the cane , his date book , and his crutches by the back door .
` ` it 's a charity thing , '' lily said .
i ' ve got to stop this thing .
` ` why , yes ; yes , i am , mr . fresh , and you are tied up in my dining room , at the mercy of any freaky thing that might occur to me . ''
` ` it was n't a freaky thing , '' audrey said , glancing at minty , daring him to speak up .
it took our focus off of the darkness and made death a natural , hopeful thing .
but the sentries , as he recalled belatedly , were in the main house , keeping watch over the governor , lest that worthy 's rest be disturbed by ... whatever sort of thing this was .
` ` same thing brings you here , i would assume .
hell of thing to watch someone get shot .
the last thing she remembered was being held in her apartment by a maniac with a gun and hunter - also with a gun - showing up to rescue her .
had she hallucinated the whole thing ?
and here she 'd thought being shot at had been the scariest thing to happen in her life .
she kept coming back to one thing .
` ` the only thing that would have bothered me was if anything had happened to you . ''
just when she was sure she could n't stand it anymore , steele did the most unexpected thing of all .
it was probably the best thing that could have happened to the two of us .
when her eyes adjusted , the first thing she noticed was a drawer open on a small table where papers had been disturbed and piled on top of the desk .
` ` i appreciate your concern , but i ' m pretty sure the worst thing that will happen to me without you is a paper cut .
next thing she knew her head was between her legs .
but there was a county sheriff 's cruiser parked on the corner of orange , and the deputies inside saw the whole thing .
one little thing i did happen to notice , although i did n't think anything of it at the time : the band - aid was gone from his second finger , and i did n't see any sign of a healing cut where it had been , just clean skin , pink from the shower .
i went over to joe 's office to get the lineup card , but the office door was shut and the blinds were down , an almost unheard - of thing on a game day .
there 's such a thing as getting too pumped up for a game .
the last thing i saw on the field was danny dusen and blockade billy standing on the grass between the plate and the mound .
` ` how could a thing like this happen ? ''
this was the kind of thing only flair could get away with .
no , the thing that would make them fine and whole , the only thing , would be to bring their older sister back home .
but sugarcoat it as you might , that was the kind of thing that happened all the time .
one thing leads to another - and pete takes her back to his place and gives her what for . ''
then there was a merger , one of those constant m anda deals of the early nineties , the kind of thing wall street suits like , well , phil turnball loved because stock portfolios go up a few points , damn what may .
he 'd invite young girls to campus events , that kind of thing . ''
same thing happened there .
but that was n't the first thing you noticed .
` ` that 's the last thing i remember .
` ` what was that thing about the timeline again ? ''
that seemed the oddest by - product of the whole thing .
the only thing i had to do with martin 's trips was to miss him .
all we did was be absolutely random witnesses to this terrible thing . ''
sally was smiling and stanford foley was smiling , and i wondered if i was seeing the start of a good thing .
` ` well , i think she 's going through some kind of thing about mr . bartell .
when the screen door on the rental house next to his burst open and cece strolled down her driveway , the first thing he 'd noticed was the sweet belly button winking at him between a red half shirt and white shorts .
but here 's the funny thing .
then bertha added : ` ` most people do n't bother to report this kind of thing anyway . ''
` ` right , and here 's the thing : yesterday , around five p.m. , some guy came in to say he saw a woman in a green acura mdx walk to her car , load some stuff in , and then walk to a man 's white van parked next to her .
` ` that 's part of it , but here is the big thing that drew my eye .
that was the first thing neil cordova noticed - the bandages like something out of a mummy movie .
` ` the thing is , she 's naked . ''
god , what a horrible thing to do to a child .
` ` the weirdest thing happened .
` ` because here 's the interesting thing .
but then a funny thing happened to joe lewiston .
one thing had evidently led to another , and jake had received the dreadful call from booker sistrunk .
what an awful thing they were putting the family through .
` ` no , a strange thing happened .
the last thing i saw was cleon talking to esther on the front steps of their little shack .
the last thing rocky saw - the last thing he would ever see - was eric wu 's face , calm and serene , as he placed his hands under rocky 's rib cage .
charlaine actually looked forward to this , her tuesdays at ten , and perhaps that was the saddest thing of all .
but skimming through his articles , i 'd say bob dodd was more like an ' on your side ' reporter , you know - he finds dishwasher repairmen scamming old ladies , wedding photographers who bail out with the deposit , that sorta thing . ''
here was the thing : the asian guy was about to escape .
you hide it in a clock or a smoke detector , that kind of thing . ''
i mean , one moment my life was one thing .
the whole thing was like one of those courthouse movie scenes - that pinnacle cinematic moment when the surprise witness bursts through the double doors .
she spotted grace at almost the same moment and a strange thing happened .
the first thing grace noticed was that her powerful husband , the gruff six - two hunk who 'd always made her feel safe , looked so small and fragile in that bed .
it was , i do n't know , the whole thing was surreal .
i ' m not sure that he ever should , though there are times i wish he would and of course that 's a horrible thing to think .
` ` oh , and there 's some weird thing about opals or something in the to dos . ''
the next thing i remember was sensing win standing across the dark room .
the first thing i saw was mario 's feet .
` ` and the great thing is , it really does n't take much to keep mee satisfied . ''
you say he was the one who started the whole thing by contacting zalachenko and asking him to kill salander .
` ` as far as i ' m concerned , the strangest thing was that he detailed one of the techs to make an inventory of everything in the woodshed - where we found the zalachenko guy ? ''
she saw that erlander had noticed the same thing .
perhaps she had dreamed the whole thing , but she remembered a kitchen - it must have been the kitchen in the gosseberga farmhouse - and she thought she remembered seeing him coming towards her .
carl - magnus lundin of the svavelsjo motorcycle club was a key player in the whole thing , but he was in hospital in sodertalje with one foot in a cast and his jaw wired shut .
it was the most horrendous thing i ' ve ever experienced . ''
this is the worst thing that could have happened .
as she stood there she asked herself whether the whole thing was not a hideous mistake .
` ` the appalling thing is that bjorck has hanged himself .
` ` there was one thing that struck me , '' figuerola said ` ` what 's that ? ''
the really damaging thing was that borgsjo knew about all this and still went on ordering toilets from fong soo industries .
she had experienced the same thing at st stefan 's .
the only thing that does n't quite fit is that he seems to be an evangelical and was a member of the word of life in the ' 90s . ''
camilla salander has never made any such claims , indeed she has denied that such a thing occurred .
the same thing happened when we moved up to monkeys . ''
next thing you know well have every loony in the area confessing or copy catting the son of a bitch . ''
` ` one other thing the lock on bradley 's apartment door was jimmied . ''
the thing is no one really understands how you contracted hep b . ''
max had learned that harvey and bruce were paranoid about leaks , sabotage , government interference , that kind of thing hence the decision to have a safehouse way out in bangkok .
only one thing looked different and that one thing made harvey 's eyes widen .
after all , this is hardly the kind of thing you wait for the lab boys to send you a report on .
terrible thing . ''
` ` it was just a freak thing . ''
markey decides to use michael as a guinea pig and the next thing you know he vanishes .
next thing i knew , i ' m in the orient with a psychopath .
a beautiful thing really .
` ` i can send it to you special delivery first thing tomorrow morning . ''
harvey riker faked the whole thing . ''
dr . jefferson jefferson has a school named after him in orlando and also a large charitable foundation , but the fascinating and unbelievable - but - true thing about dr . jefferson jefferson is that he was not a doctor of any kind .
here 's the thing : i found a dead guy .
` ` right , but the thing is that my parents have taken the keys to my car and locked them inside a safe , which they put under their bed , and myrna mount - weazel '' - who was her dog- '' is sleeping inside their room .
i mean , i could totally sneak in there and steal the safe and crack it and get my keys out and drive away , but the thing is that it 's not even worth trying because myrna mountweazel is just going to bark like crazy if i so much as crack open the door .
` ` the thing is they do n't even really care ; they just feel like my exploits make them look bad .
oh , we 're just scattering some dead fish about town , breaking some windows , photographing nak*d guys , hanging out in skyscraper lobbies at three - fifteen in the morning , that kind of thing .
the only thing worse than getting rejected at dance school is crying about getting rejected at dance school , and the only thing worse than that is going to the dance teacher and saying through your tears , ` ` the girls are saying no to me and they 're not supposedtuh . ''
i could barely even hear her ; the only thing happening was the relief shivering out of my skin .
i was extraordinarily confused , because the one thing happening in my universe was mr . jiminez writing on the blackboard , and i could n't fathom how he could be both an auditory and a visual presence in my life .
i learn that it is not the idle fantasies of someone who maybe wants something important to happen to him , even if the important thing is horrible .
` ` but do n't you- '' ` ` kid , the unfortunate thing is that she 's a legal adult with free will , you know ?
` ` the thing is that becca is just jealous . ''
the tragically hip thing turns out to be failing to turn in your rented graduation robes on time .
it 's a triangular cubicle , if such a thing is possible .
and the worst thing is that i loved it , too .
i keep wednesday mornings open for cleaning emergencies , and the only thing i had scheduled was my semiannual turnout of beanie winthrop 's walk - in closet .
it 's just a twice - a - year thing , '' i explained .
` ` do n't think i have n't had regrets that the whole thing happened , that i happened to be there , even .
after all , as i often tell myself , the bad thing has already happened .
does n't everyone wait for the bad thing ?
he loved the little girls , you know , little miss pumpkin patch , that kind of thing , and he told me he 'd even thought of entering eve , but his wife did n't like the idea .
what a senseless thing to waste emotion on , the repetition by a child of something she 'd apparently heard adults say .
is n't that a scary thing to do ?
the next thing i knew , she 'd gasped and sunk down into the client chair in front of the desk .
sometimes , people just need to know others have been through the same thing .
next thing i know , i ' m in my car buck naked without a dime , my keys stuck up my privates .
` ` seeing that dead woman in your office was the scariest thing that 's happened to me in a long time , and if you know anything about it or if it happened because of you , i think we have a right to know that .
you know the kind of thing . ''
that would mean tamsin has been responsible for the whole thing . ''
` ` this is a very awful thing that 's happened . ''
the bad thing , the worst thing , had already happened to me .
the bad thing , the worst thing , had already happened to me .
the last thing in the world i wanted to see was claude friedrich at my doorstep .
and i thought of it that way , as a treat : a seldom - achieved , rare thing that might not happen again .
since shakespeare garden apartments does n't have a basement , always a chancy thing in arkansas , everyone in the building uses his or her stall for storage .
of all the things deedra did to parade her vulnerability , this was the thing i found most distasteful .
the next thing i knew , i was down on the mat and carlton was leaning over me , looking absolutely horror - struck .
lacey might happen upon a thing or two i 'd missed , but there was n't any point in grinding her face in her daughter 's misbehavior .
becca , on the other hand , was smiling slightly , as if the whole thing was performance art staged for her benefit .
when you know some beautiful , mysterious woman is cleaning your room , it 's just a sure thing you 're going to imagine ... what if ?
if she 'd been knocked on the head with a brick while she was at an urban mall , that would be one thing .
and the sad thing about it was that i could n't wait .
my nails dug into the seat because it was the only thing that felt real - until jett grabbed my hand .
the next thing i noticed was that , in my absence , he had removed the candles , and the sheet covering the bed was gone , together with his bag .
the last thing i heard was jett shouting , ` ` call for an ambulance , brian . ''
as more memories started to flood my mind , i realized i had forgotten one very important thing that happened to me on the first day .
that was the best thing that ever happened to me , and that 's what i want my next tattoo to remind me of .
that was the last thing i saw before my eyes closed and i drifted off to sleep .
phone taps , surveillance , that kind of thing . ''
but the two thugs brand her cheek with the letter k. next thing we know , it 's all blamed on killroy ` ` but beck was assaulted .
but a funny thing happened .
i never saw his hand shoot out , but next thing i knew the asian guy had me by the scruff of my neck .
next thing i knew , i was out . ''
the reporters were naturally skeptical of fein 's convoluted explanation ( vis - a - vis me ) , and there was a lot of backpedaling and finger - pointing and that sort of thing .
the first thing he saw was holymotherofgod svensson slumped beside the dining - room chairs in a pool of blood a yard across .
` ` so far , not a thing .
how did you know about the wennerstrom thing ?
the first thing i saw was some poor guy lying on a cement floor .
not a thing had come of it .
the whole thing sounded so improbable that it occurred to blomkvist that bjorck might be pulling his leg .
she was too young to be charged , but if the gasoline - bomb attack were investigated in too much detail , the same thing would happen .
i did sometimes wonder whether she might be imagining the whole thing . ''
i got the email first thing this morning and called mnster before i came here .
the only thing that made an impression on him was when miriam wu kicked him in the balls .
since she 'd gotten into position at around 3:30 , only one thing had happened .
blomkvist had the feeling that every last thing that had happened since he arrived was staged : the introductory surprise that as a child he had met his host , the picture of his parents in the album , and the emphasis on the fact that his father and vanger had been friends , along with the flattery that the old man knew who mikael blomkvist was and that he had been following his career for years from a distance ... no doubt it had a core of truth , but it was also pretty elementary psychology .
remember that the excitement on the bridge was the most sensational thing that had happened here on hedeby island in several decades .
he 'll have to pay because he 's the one who initiated the whole thing . ''
` ` it 's the kind of thing people can get obsessed about . ''
instead she looked at him with her clear blue eyes and said , as if it were the most natural thing in the world , that of course she still had her old honeymoon pictures .
the murders were carried out at different places and there is no real signature , but there are certain things that do recur .
the first thing he saw was that the door of the cottage was ajar .
the first thing he saw on the carpenter 's bench was an open box of ammunition for a moose rifle .
last thing before he went to bed he called berger in new york .
the only thing that could have upset the story was if anita herself wanted to get married .
i felt paralysed , and the only thing that saved my sanity was that isabella - or maybe it was uncle henrik - decided that martin needed a change of scenery after his father 's tragic death , so she sent him to uppsala .
` ` the really subtle thing is what happens next .
but that sort of thing does happen .
` ` this whole thing is sort of like a boxing match , '' myron began .
` ` funny thing , '' myron said .
' sex is a beautiful thing between two people .
he had just been sweeping the room with his eyes , taking the room in but not really seeing anything , just the normal thing everyone does , when an object snagged his gaze as though on a rusted hook .
he was unshaven , red - eyed , that kind of thing . ''
but all myron heard were , not surprisingly ; traffic noises : the occasional horn , cars passing or being passed , loud radios , that kind of thing .
the drunk driving thing when we were living in massachusetts .
it became a steady thing , every other thursday morning in front of the hopper .
` ` they 'll need to dust for prints , check for hairs , that kind of thing . ''
but that was n't the really shocking thing .
i opened the door to my trailer and the first thing i saw was blood on the floor . ''
but the thing olivia could not get over , the thing that was really making the tears waterfall down her cheeks , was the look on matt 's face when she told him the truth .
he had suddenly pretended to be an irrational ass- not an unusual thing for a big - time federal agent , she knew- but it just did n't ring true .
but the main thing is , everyone figures darrow put that post online .
he asked , ` ` is this an everyday thing in russia ?
and he could n't deny being fascinated by the whole thing .
` ` i was fascinated with the anastasia / anna anderson thing , '' gant said , referring to the most famous anastasia wannabe .
the san francisco public library opened at nineam and he wanted to be there first thing to do more research and try and determine what they were missing , or at least develop an avenue down which they could head for answers .
it was almost as if the ape thought the whole thing play .
and here is the terrible thing .
` ` i have the whole thing on video . ''
in real life , not having a mother was just about the worst thing that could happen to a little girl .
the first thing you noticed - could n't help but notice in that aqua getup - was that raya singh had more curves than seemed anatomically possible .
flair hickory shook his head as if this was the most puzzling thing he had ever heard .
` ` so you 're not sure if you heard some whispers , '' i said , as if this was the most ridiculous thing i had ever heard in my life , ` ` but you may have .
` ` the strange thing ? ''
he likes hanging out with the boys , plays some darts , that kind of thing .
but it was clear he had some thing big . ''
funny thing she noticed right away .
she slid into the driver 's seat and immediately realized that some thing was wrong .
his smile was a horrible thing , his teeth too small for his mouth , like a rodents .
funny thing -- he already knew it ! ''
the whole thing seemed to go by quickly , what with one thing and another .
the whole thing seemed to go by quickly , what with one thing and another .
i 'll have a meeting first thing tomorrow morning , and it may go on all day .
the next thing i knew , i was asking patty to connect me with eileen .
bubba started one of those conversations with martin designed to link them in the male network : he connected what he was working on as a representative with what martin was trying to achieve at pan - am agra , he told martin that he could call him any time he wanted to ` ` talk things over , '' he illustrated his intelligence and grasp of pan - am agra 's interests , and he implied that martin was the best thing that had happened to the company since sliced bread .
tonia lee liked that kind of thing .
` ` it was the damndest thing . ''
` ` okay , point is , what if dylan was out here taking pictures and he saw the same thing i saw ?
` ` no , but i know one thing that scares you .
then the two chatted sociably about life along the law enforcement landscape , with one thing leading to another , and finally to the fbi .
his words were ` ` in your face '' : the boston office and john connolly were above reproach , and whitey bulger was the best thing ever to happen to the fbi .
` ` it never took place , but the business of denying such things is to make it appear as if something sinister had happened . ''
the twins , taylor and tyler , threw confetti in my face , music began to blare , and then i saw the worst thing i 'd ever seen in my life : trenton in a man thong , covered in about ten pounds of body glitter .
it 'll ruin the whole thing and we 'll have a ton of kids crying their eyes out .
there is such a thing as too much loren hale .
` ` but this is the most interesting thing that 's happened to me in six months , which was the last time sadie scratched my date .
i missed the entire thing ? !
` ` you were also the thing that tore apart my parents , '' ryke says , his voice shaking .
i think it was ... a one - time thing . ''
next thing you know , he 's going to his safety school , not even waitlisted to the place he thought he had in the bag .
lo tenses beside me , probably expecting the same thing .
even bringing up my father , college , the text messages that threaten lily - any f**king thing , my chest collapses , and i know just the solution that 'll fix everything .
` ` you said you did n't see a f**king thing . ''
if it felt formal , it 's only because we did n't want the thing to last all f**king night . ''
` ` i ' ve ruined everything for everyone , and it 's the only thing that makes me feel better anymore .
the weather is the only thing i can predict anymore .
i do n't want to keep dwelling about every bad thing that happens to us .
` ` meeting you was the best thing that 's ever happened to us .
` ` that was the dumbest f**king thing i ' ve seen in a long time . ''
the only thing i try to forget is the end of that night .
this battle is a forever sort of thing .
` ` and , the same thing happened to her ? ''
she wished she could have said that she saw the door open as he came running out after her , but no such thing happened .
it 's just this weird thing , seeing it happen to your friends . ''
her new client actually was n't the worst thing she had ever suffered through , so she was back on a normal schedule where she actually ... ate .
you 're the first good thing i ' ve seen since i left . ''
just because you did n't trust me enough to believe me , just because we were young and stupid and threw away the best thing that had ever happened to either of us so easily does n't mean that you can defile that memory with lies .
flashes went off overhead , catching the entire thing on camera .
the swell of her br**sts , spilling over the top of that bra , is the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the last thing he remembered was the look of worry on asher 's face and alex 's voice .
next thing you know , you 're buying them a ring . ''
i ' m not sure what he 's trying to communicate , but i do know one thing .
or put expectations on us that this sort of thing might happen again .
next thing i know i ' m flat on my back in your bed .
next thing i know , i ' m flat on my back and you 're all over me . ''
` ` oh my god , this is the most embarrassing thing ever .
we 'll meet with her tomorrow first thing .
i tried calling her father first thing this morning .
his favorite thing to do is give me shit .
next thing i knew , i was sprawled across the front seat of the maserati with my head in his lap and his erection in my mouth .
funny thing is i do n't have to reach for it .
but her eyes were sparkling and her skin was lovely and she smiled up at the sunlight as if it were the best thing ever , and he thought she was stunning .
he was wearing mirrored sunglasses and a khaki shirt and shorts , and laughing as if this were the funniest thing he 'd ever seen .
it was a place where things happened , and she liked that .
` ` the next thing i knew , i was being removed from the apartment we shared and all of my belongings were put into storage .
i do have to warn you about one thing . ''
` ` that hurricane was the best thing that ever happened to me because it brought you into my life . ''
a month away from cooper might be just the thing to cool his jets and refuel her pocketbook .
that was the most amazing thing he 'd ever felt .
and god , if that had n't been the sexiest thing he 'd seen in a long damn time .
` ` what about the thing with cade ? ''
i hugged her and then she kissed me , and the next thing i knew ... '' ` ` she knew you had her pills , '' audrey said in a hard voice , eyeing daphne 's skinny jeans and t - shirt .
he was getting hard , probably a bad thing to do at the restaurant .
` ` since ryan has slept through the whole thing , we 'll bring him home tomorrow , '' sarah said .
` ` until the whole thing with tabitha . ''
` ` the thing is , i never got to blast him for all that hurt .
but hank was starting to wonder if the ghost thing was just her crazy sister at work .
` ` i ' ve been there a few weeks and have n't seen or heard a thing , and i ' ve been in a few haunted houses . ''
` ` the jane thing started as a joke .
` ` one thing led to another , and i started doing stunts because it was an interesting way to pass the time while i was job hunting .
it was just another thing in their relationship that felt so very right .
walking behind brody was a beautiful thing .
i was dumbfounded ; i did n't believe this kind of thing happened in real life .
the next thing i knew , i was lying flat on my back in the center of ash 's bed and he was tickling me relentlessly .
` ` now this is where it gets a little sketchy for me because the next thing i remember is waking up at 11:00 this morning in an empty bed .
` ` when i first met ash at the house last night , i had this crazy reaction to him , like the kind of thing we read about - my body got overheated , i had goose bumps all over , my stomach clenched , you know .
honestly , i was too caught up in the fantasy of the whole thing , i did n't want to ruin it by asking .
i wondered what it would be like to be in a different setting with dylan , like a real dinner - movie date kind of thing .
the only thing i was sure of was that it was n't going to be pre - law .
she gave me an wicked look and continued , ` ` i ' m just going to go ahead and let you know now that unless you plan on giving up your v - card to an absolute stranger at this thing tomorrow , you have no chance in winning our contest .
i tried to keep my facial expressions and body movements in check as if i did this kind of thing all the time , but inside it was like fireworks were going off .
the only thing that i did n't like was everyone calling him ' rat . '
i filled evie in on my dinner and trip to mason 's house first thing wednesday morning at the table over breakfast .
` ` that was the f**king sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' mason growled .
i guess i fell back asleep because the next thing i remembered was waking up to the sun peeking through my blinds .
i must ' ve fallen back asleep shortly thereafter because the next thing i remembered was waking up to the sun shining brightly through the window .
she sighed and closed her eyes , clearly in agony over the whole thing .
i came home first thing saturday morning and you were gone .
and then the max thing ... fuuuccckkk !
being with him was the most natural thing ever , i could just be me all the time .
bob marley 's unmistakable voice was the first to flow through my speakers , and i could n't help but dance around with a goofy grin on my face as his infectious lyrics reminded me to not worry because every little thing was going to be alright .
the following day , which was my first full day there , i was taken to meet my assigned therapist first thing in the morning .
the next thing i knew they had my bag and we were leaving the room .
the hardest thing for me to accept was that i really was n't a curse to the ones i loved and i was n't being punished for anything .
i ' ve always wanted- '' the next thing i knew , the front door swung open , and i was looking at who i was guessing was courtney .
the next thing i knew , she was flying past me and up the stairs .
to forgetting about a**hole men who do n't know a good thing when they see it . ''
it 's like every little thing that happens triggers something .
he looked over at me and smiled as he did something to his horse , and the next thing i knew , he was gone .
she looked up at me , and the next thing i knew , i had a handful of mud in my face .
the next thing i knew , she was running around to the passenger side of his truck and getting in .
she pushed me off of her , and the next thing i knew , she was straddling me .
the next thing i knew , the covers were off of me , and i felt layton 's hot breath .
i feel like he is the best thing that has ever happened to me . ''
the next thing i knew , i was in his arms , and he was holding me so tightly while i just cried .
the next thing i knew , i was lying on the bed , and layton was entering my body .
the next thing i knew , layton collapsed next to me as we both desperately tried to get our breaths back .
oh god ... '' the next thing i knew , she was calling out in pleasure .
i have the whole thing planned out . ''
the next thing i knew , mitch was on top of reed , punching him .
the next thing i hear he sends you off to live with her .
` ` it would be the hardest thing i 'd ever have to face .
nan left town again , which was a normal thing for her , from what everyone said .
the first thing i see is a truck i have n't seen since high school .
he laughs as if it 's the funniest thing ever .
mom says as if she 's never heard of such a thing .
i ' m sure they talked and planned this whole thing .
the last thing i remember is dee coming home from work with a big ass brown bag in her arms , screaming ` ` liquor delivery bitch '' !
feeling dizzy , i reach out to steady myself catching the first thing i find , which i think might be greg .
the last thing i think , before i feel my world spinning and crashing down on me , is axel is n't gone .
the first thing i see are a pair of the sexiest f**k me shoes i have ever laid eyes on followed by the hottest f**king legs ever to wrap around my hips , and greg motherf**king cage holding the body that belongs to them .
the amount of pain my body feels is the only think keeping me from thinking i just dreamt this whole thing .
if it were n't for the buzzing still running through my body , i would have thought i dreamt the whole thing .
there is n't one goddamn thing that will tear us apart again .
the first thing i see is brandon 's lifeless body in the opening to the kitchen .
my son refuses to come out and if one more thing goes wrong today , i ' m going to say f**k it and kidnap my woman and drag her up to the bedroom .
seems like an odd thing to toast to when you just agreed to go off with a complete stranger and play hide the sausage .
a wise man would anticipate the claws to the face , but i am too busy thinking about getting her gone and getting back to my house that her slap is the last thing i see coming .
the only thing he does is fuel my desire .
when i find myself pulled , literally pulled , out of the exam room by a furious dr . shannon , the last thing i expect to find is the chick that has become my shadow ever since greg has started showing interest in me .
i turn around and watch brenda running out of the office door with the phone pressed to her ear , ` ` i called the police , saw the whole thing , oh my god !
the last thing i see before we pull out of the lot is mandy bursting through the front of heavy 's with dee hot on her heels .
you did what you could to protect my sofia even when you did n't know her , and honey , the only thing that does is make me love you a little more .
when i finished my chat with fia 's cold tombstone , i had realized one thing .
first thing monday , i want you to speak with your teachers about dropping that . ''
and worst of all , i was alone because i pushed the greatest thing to ever happen to me away when i let my fear take control .
i gasp when the first thing i see is a tall figure dressed in black with a mask over his face , standing right in front of the open doorway .
chapter 11 when i start to feel the tugs of awareness , the first thing i notice is a shrill sound .
but , even though she was right under your nose , you were so busy with izzy that you did n't see a thing .
i wake up , and the first thing i do is smile because i have been blessed .
it 's probably the only damn good thing that 's come out of all this .
` ` you know , the best thing that 's ever happened to me is having dee return my love , so i wo n't ever see where you 're coming from there . ''
the unfortunate thing about puking when you 're gagged is that there 's nowhere for that substance to go but back down again .
he was still grinning like this had been the best thing to happen to him all week and , other than the fresh scar cris - crossing his eyebrow , he looked exactly the same : dark clothes , dark hat , dark secrets .
it was a shallow , even vain thing to mourn for , but i still did .
he was defending my honor and , whether he was going about the right or wrong way of doing so , it was the damn sexiest , most romantic thing i 'd ever had happen to me .
that was the first thing i noticed as i pulled up to the cabin after school .
a white shelf bra cami ... ` ` good thing i did , '' jude said next to me as an old blanket parachuted around me .
i just stood there , frozen like a lawn gnome , watching the whole thing like it was n't reality .
` ` i ' m not talking , i ' m a note below screaming , and i ' m only not - quite - shouting at you long enough to let you know i ' m finished with whatever that thing was we had , '' i said , having no designation to assign what had been ours .
that was the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he said , sliding down beside me .
the ironic thing was that the day after i 'd said that , coach a was given the head 's up that a crap load of scouts would be at friday 's upcoming game .
the cabin was dark and it was the first thing that had gone right in the past hour .
and the scariest thing that had happened so far tonight was that threat .
` ` this whole thing in the bathroom was one big , spontaneous , pleasurable surprise , '' i argued back .
` ` i ca n't keep doing this up and down , never knowing what 's going to be around the corner thing .
i could feel danny 's eyes on us , not missing a single thing .
if i had n't known better , i would have believed he 'd set the whole thing up .
jude 's being drafted his junior year of college was a one - in - a - million kind of an opportunity , the kind of thing college players would sell their souls to achieve .
` ` i ' ve been on both sides of the money line , and the only thing it changes is your zip code .
` ` can you start first thing tomorrow ? ''
it was peaceful , and although these kinds of quiet moments had been increasing during our time together , peace was n't a regular thing in our relationship .
each new thing i saw drove me that much closer to having a full - fledged panic attack .
one good thing had come of this day - i had a new friend .
` ` it 's the damn sexiest thing i ' ve ever experienced , luce . ''
i do n't think that worked out so well for adam and the whole fall - of - man thing . ''
soups , breads , sandwiches , that kind of thing . ''
thomas and holly had drifted up to the table and were watching the whole thing like it was one big ol ' train wreck they could n't look away from .
` ` after the whole thing tonight ... '' i said , trying not to replay it in my head .
it was a common thing for dancers to have sporadic periods , or even for them to stop completely .
i doubted a lot of things , but this was one thing i knew for sure .
` ` but i 'll print you out some photos to put on your fridge and show off to all your friends , that kind of thing .
not that he blamed them for being pissed , but the last thing that needed to happen was for them to go over and start whaling on max all over again .
` ` that was the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he told her .
peter 's lips continue to move , and the next thing i hear is , ` ` last night , so you 're driving for a while . ''
so back in the day , was it a normal thing for you to take home random girls that sat down at your table ? ''
` ` that was the funniest thing i ' ve seen in an insanely long time . ''
the only good thing that 's happened is that dean has n't shown up .
it was probably the first thing he saw when he came into town .
it 's not the kind of thing i can recover from .
he made a stunning recovery and was about to start back full time , however- '' she presses her palms together and looks around the room at us , ` ` things did n't go as planned .
it 's the kind of thing people do n't want to start , but they 're happy to come once there are enough people to dance with . ''
` ` because this is the kind of thing that would only happen to you .
` ` it 's not the weirdest thing that 's ever happened . ''
it 's like summoning him , and every bad thing that happened to me while i was with him , with dean .
as if this sort of thing is common for me .
i ' m usually numb to this sort of thing .
i hate this sort of thing .
she knows every single dark and horrible thing that 's happened to me in my life and she does n't care .
` ` first thing tomorrow before i go to work , i ' m going apartment hunting . ''
then we had this whole intervention - type thing with will , but he did n't really care .
there had been a horse farm up the road from my house when i was a kid , and i 'd often walked over there when i 'd been mad at my mom or stepdad for whatever little thing they 'd done to piss nine - year - old me off .
that he was n't some sort of elaborate nightmare mirage thing i 'd cooked up in my brain .
your face is doing that thing it does when you 're thinking too much . ''
` ` not since the thing in the rain that i ' m not talking about . ''
i mean , he 's never forced me to , but sometimes i just do n't want to and the next thing i know my underwear is off and we 're doing it .
the last thing i could remember clearly was the two of us crashing a party at the local apartment complex and drinking a lot and him snorting some of the pills .
they all guffawed as if was the funniest thing ever .
before you go and this night becomes another thing we have to pretend did n't happen ? ''
zack 's got this training thing he has to go to . ''
it was the only thing i wanted . ''
it was n't the most romantic thing , but he responded , finally putting his hands fully up my shirt .
` ` are you going to come to the halloween thing ? ''
no , if i was going to dance with her , it was going to be the real thing .
except that thing with your tongue . ''
` ` it 's not that easy , '' zan said , and he did this thing where his face got all tight .
it was full of bile and lots of swearing , but there was one thing i got from the message that overwhelmed all of that .
and then i blacked out and the next thing i knew i was in the parking lot and will was calling my name .
i could tell she thought it was katie 's fault , which was the most disgusting part of the whole thing .
i opened my mouth to say something , but he did that thing where he kissed me to shut me up .
the only thing i 'd regret was not getting the last word , but i was n't completely immune to the fact that zack had hurt me in the past , physically , and he could again .
they 'd been treating me with delicacy ever since the whole zack thing .
chapter six stryker after the group thing katie relaxed her rules a little bit .
the thing that almost made me laugh was that her mother was doing the same thing .
` ` i hope kayla 's going to tell her that we did n't want a huge thing .
` ` i ' m sorry about the ric thing .
` ` there 's one more thing i want to be thankful for . ''
the truth , the thing i did n't want them to know was that i had no idea what i wanted to do .
i do n't know much about this kind of thing , but i do know that when someone dies , people cook .
` ` i know , '' i said , and we both laughed like it was the funniest thing ever .
we 'd all laughed and it had been like a completely normal thing , with the exception of everyone wearing black .
i wanted to skip the whole thing , but mom would have killed me .
` ` what kind of thing are we talking about ? ''
` ` i have n't said it back , '' i said , interrupting whatever thing he 'd been about to tell me .
seeing death up close made me realize it was n't a thing you wished on anyone .
he 'll be that thing i ' m afraid of when the house is quiet and i ' m alone and i let my mind go to a dark place . ''
he did it at my locker , which was always a busy spot , so it was a public thing .
this was n't just perfectly natural , it was the only thing i could imagine happening , and i could n't figure out how it had n't happened before now .
every important thing in our lives has happened together .
i ' m even more confused when nell swivels in place and watches the entire thing , hints of amusement and disgust playing on her lips and eyes .
` ` it 's the hardest f**king thing .
turns out this guy was watching the whole thing .
it was the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen ; the scariest thing i 'd ever seen .
it was the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen ; the scariest thing i 'd ever seen .
the first thing i ' m aware of is the thumpthump ... thumpthump of colton 's heartbeat under my ear .
i feel my heart doing this weird thing , swelling , hammering , stuttering , aching , and i know i ' ve decided .
there was a rumble on a basketball court , a turf thing .
it 's the most incredible thing i ' ve ever experienced , this primal force of a man lost in the throes of ecstasy , crashing into me .
like you said , it 's scary in a way , but it 's also the most amazing thing i ' ve ever experienced .
` ` good f**king thing you 're not the qb , jason .
` ` i do n't mean to tell you how to do your job as a parent , sir , but i can tell you this much , that the harder you try to control every little thing becca does , the more she 'll rebel .
he bent low to kiss me , and my knuckles pressed into the divot of his hips , where his muscles did that crazy v - cut thing .
the whole thing had lasted less than five minutes , but it was a life - changing , earthshaking five minutes .
the obvious thing is drugs , but she 's not , like , twitchy or moody or anything .
` ` baby , it was the best thing ever .
watching becca cry so hopelessly was the hardest thing i 'd ever done .
i remember when my niece was married , i saw this whole thing play out .
whatever terrible thing happened to him ruined him for others .
` ` the thing is it is n't in running condition yet , and guy said you get pretty busy around here .
` ` i ' m going to a barbeque pool party thing . ''
the best thing that ever happened to me shows up in coveralls and a pair of chucks when i least expect it .
blake strolls up with a huge grin on his face , like he saw the entire thing and finds it hilarious .
i log out and organize my desk so that i can get right back to work first thing tomorrow morning .
you 'd never see this kind of thing in seattle , but then again , if you 're not wearing a flannel shirt and jeans , you 're freezing your ass off .
her sharp gasp is the last thing i hear before i storm out of the room .
` ` um ... in two weeks there 's a dance thing .
good thing i asked , or she 'd have ended up with a pair of crotchless panties .
only thing i ' ve heard is that gibbs gave her a few days off so she could get her shit straightened out . ''
and axelle saw the entire thing .
i rush into his embrace , wrapping my arms around the two people i love most in the world , and thanking god for every single thing , all the bad and the mistakes , everything that brought me to where i am .
daddy never let me have one and it 's the only thing i ever wanted . ''
` ` the same thing that happens to you if i ' m not . ''
` ` i do n't know what happens after you die , fin , but if there really is just nothing , i guess it makes that whole make the most of your life , you only live once thing that much more compelling . ''
luke asked the table , lowering his menu and smiling like it was the most natural thing in the world .
` ` he has talent , '' hadley said as if it were the most painful thing for her to admit .
it had felt so nice to be back in the tennessee woods , and then the same thing had happened all over again .
maybe it was a regular thing for him to show up late .
she could stand in one place and experience the same thing as a hundred other people , and everyone would come out of it with something different .
it would be just another thing jenn would love about her showing up late .
` ` the feel of my flesh burning so near all those nerve endings was the most intensely painful thing i ' ve ever endured , and soon , i blacked out . ''
` ` just tell me one thing that happened . ''
` ` he tried to rape me , '' she whispered , saying it because it was the one thing that stood out .
we 'll continue first thing tomorrow .
let me tell you something you scum sucking , loathing little worm ; you leaving me was the best thing that ever happened in my life .
the last thing i remember was ashlyn slapping me across the face .
the only thing i saw was my future dying , and i could n't deal with it , so i left .
he said the meeting is first thing tomorrow morning and that i really need to be there .
the only thing i could do was shake my head so she knew it was n't true .
` ` you 're the best thing that has ever happened to ellery , and she knows it .
i laid my head on my pillow and , when i closed my eyes , the only thing i saw was london 's half - naked , lifeless body , lying on the bed .
the next thing i knew , he was placing a strip of tape over my mouth and gathering my hands over my head to tape my wrists together .
the first thing i noticed was the empty bed beside me before i heard my phone vibrating again .
the last thing i saw was mason checking his bulletproof vest and reaching for me .
` ` the thing that happened with blake , i ' m doing better with .
the only thing that came from her end of the call was her saying her name , that someone had broken in- '' i did n't wait to hear the rest .
at one point it looked like she started dancing for a few seconds before she stopped herself , and god , if that was n't the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
with the exception of actually kissing , every little thing we 'd always done made it look like tyler and i were already together .
that was the last thing i heard before grabbing adam 's arm and stalking out to my truck .
` ` obviously , i would have rather talked to you about this first , but christian , one of his frat brothers who 's coming , was sitting right there and one thing led to another , they got on your facebook page ... safe to say christian is dying to meet you now . ''
the next thing i knew my neck was free and i did n't have time to catch my breath before both grant 's feet went into my stomach again .
not only that , you have n't tried to call him either , and we ' ve been talking nonstop for three days , and first thing this morning you 're in my apartment to show me something extremely important to you .
i 'd grown up in the country , where scorpions were a common thing ; she 'd grown up in a country club neighborhood in a rich city in california .
` ` darlin ' , you pregnant is n't just incredibly beautiful ; it 's the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
a girl shrieked in my ear , and the next thing i knew , she was clinging to my backpack .
i was winning this thing ! ''
it blasted my skin , hot and wet and just about the best thing ever .
i twisted on dean helplessly for a few moments before he glanced over his shoulder and saw the same thing .
` ` you 're old hat at this sort of thing .
the entire thing was ridiculously dramatic , done in black and white .
torture because i wanted the real thing .
remember that whole ace thing ? ''
i got the same thing - a few blocks in this direction .
it 'll make you look like you have a sense of humor about the biting thing , and people will talk about it .
maybe ty did n't have a sense of humor about the whole biting thing .
i 'd been closer to him on several of our skate embraces , but this felt like the most intimate thing ever .
` ` well , let 's win this thing , then , '' he told me .
the most disappointing thing was knowing that we 'd done well and had creative routines , and that it still had n't been enough .
i 'd had the same thing happen in the hallway .
i just want to let you guys know that we 're going to leave here as friends , no matter what , and may the best man - or woman - win this thing . ''
` ` and the last thing i wanted to see was them attacking you on tv in front of everyone , with no one to defend you . ''
that 's a million for me and a million for you if we win that thing . ''
i did n't even know there was such a thing . ''
` ` next thing you 'll be calling yourself a lady of the night because you had sex once in all of two years . ''
if you can email the details through , i 'll get the paperwork signed and sent back first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` about the ... thing . ''
` ` there 's definitely a thing .
i recounted the entire story for them , starting from the moment i woke , not missing out a single thing , from my decision at the beach not to run to david getting shot to seth pulling me from the wrecked car to me telling him travis was my everything - which evoked sighs - to the way travis looked as he stood there , gun pointed at seth .
the first thing that hit me was that he 'd been ballsy enough to send me his business card .
the second thing that hit me was that , somehow , he 'd figured out where i was staying .
other than getting caught on camera with a siren they just could n't say no to , the only thing they realized at the end of it all was that half of their fortune was leaving with their wife .
as i punched the gas behind the wheel of the 640 , i knew the miami scene was n't the only thing i 'd miss .
the ironic thing ?
up until yesterday , i had n't even known there was such a thing as ` ` the competition . ''
that was about the only thing i did right in that bitter , wrong - on - every - level answer .
i try to kick and hit him until i realize how stupid that is because the only thing it might do is cause me to fall and hit the floor again .
the only good thing i can account for is that i am , in fact , still alive and not as far away from home as i thought i was .
lydia and cordelia fall to their knees and the next thing i know , victor has the man 's semi - automatic rifle and is spraying bullets toward izel and the others .
` ` of course , after her father left us , i had to get a job , '' ophelia shakes her head and looks right at me as if her having a job is the most unfortunate thing ever .
` ` because i remember every little f**king thing about that night .
when i close myself off inside the room , the only thing i can manage to do is fall over onto the bed .
` ` yes , i ' m afraid it 's true , '' i jest as if it were an unfortunate thing .
stephens smiles a big , close - lipped smile and it 's the last thing i see before everything goes black .
` ` give her to me , '' i hear victor say from outside , and it 's the last thing i hear .
i ' m the one who left my own date - who was a sure thing , by the way - standing alone by the wall while i retrieved lacey from the ladies ' room and stroked her hair until she could breathe .
` ` we 'll see you first thing tomorrow . ''
she nods , and she does that thing she does where she does n't look me in the face .
next thing , he 'll try to stamp van wright all over my girlfriend .
` ` please tell me this is n't a regular f**king thing with her . ''
if this is the only thing i get right for lily - then the whole wedding is a success in my eyes .
the only thing i can think of is that she 's doing it wrong .
it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen in my life , his eyes closing in pleasure as he tasted me .
that is just a sad thing to drink at a bar . ''
` ` i always knew it , '' she said , as though she had predicted the whole thing and knew exactly how it would turn out .
i had heard about the whole thing after the fact , when she was in the hospital .
the next thing i knew , cade was shaking me awake , and the car was definitely still not on .
the next thing i knew i was in the air and i was flying .
` ` and how do you know about the thing with cade ? ''
best thing that ever happened to me ... that girl finding out about us . ''
it was still kind of unbelievable , this thing we had .
when they do get mentioned it 's this vague , far - off thing in the future , and i did n't know how you would feel .
every meet - the - parents thing i 'd ever gone through had ended disastrously , with my parents certain their daughter had been brainwashed by a godless individual and my boyfriend kicking me to the curb because i had too much baggage .
oh , honey , what atrocious thing have you done to your hair ?
i could think of one thing .
max took control of the album and flipped through the book quickly , giving me barely any time to look at the pictures , but one thing was obvious .
grams told me afterward that she knew i loved bliss because i did n't laugh at what she called ` ` the funniest damn thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
he blew out the back exit into the alley , and it did n't bode well for our relationship that the thing that irked me the most was that he left spence and i alone to pack up once again .
the sight of her like that was the most erotic thing i 'd ever seen , and i did n't think i would forget it as long as i lived .
` ` ah , so this is a battle of good - and - evil kind of thing . ''
normally , i could n't stand that kind of thing .
i must have fallen asleep again because next thing i knew hunt was pulling me out of the cab and up into his arms .
in the elevator , i blinked up at him , and in my dazed state i saw one thing clearly .
this funny thing happens when you graduate college .
hunt smiled and draped an arm over my shoulder , like it was the most natural thing in the world .
there 's this thing ... '' ` ` we ' ve all got things like that , jackson .
i arched up into him because the only thing that was missing was his mouth on my mouth , his skin on my skin .
he 'd had several last night after the thing we apparently were n't talking about .
i closed my eyes thinking he might be just the thing to clear away the cobwebs from all those newly opened doors .
it 's a quiet thing when your heart breaks .
just another thing that was n't real . ''
you know ... it 's that thing where your voice gets deeper , and you suddenly have very good enunciation .
and maybe hunt and i had n't had a real relationship , but it was the realest thing i 'd ever had .
` ` is fence pole maintenance a regular sort of thing on a ranch ? ''
if thirty to forty every few days does , then yeah , i suppose fence pole maintenance is a regular sort of thing on a ranch . ''
` ` around here , this is an everyday , three times a day , sort of thing .
big hat , big belt buckle , big ego ... that sort of thing . ''
when jesse walker comes smiling up to your booth , that 's not the kind of thing a girl forgets . ''
` ` just some a**hole thing ... '' i started .
when i let myself just enjoy the moment and get over anticipating the next thing , i found ` ` just '' kissing a rather pleasurable experience .
i knew , as someone who 'd dealt with it , if a person was within hearing or seeing distance , we hoped to hell they 'd just keep their mouth shut and pretend they had n't witnessed a thing .
i knew when jesse and i split up , that was a permanent thing .
i could n't tell how long i had taken to get up the face , but i wanted to be ready for that little thing whenever it got there .
he used to do this thing where he almost lifted me into the air before- '' ` ` thanks , alex , '' i interrupted , heading for the door .
jax and i had pulled it off , barely , but sliding into the artist - of - the - month spot at the underground as a college freshman was n't the kind of thing that saw an encore .
the only thing he did was step back and look away .
jolene really ate up the whole thing , winding her arm around his neck , snuggling in nice and tight against his chest , making those damn bambi eyes at him like he was the be - all - end - all in all maledom ... which jesse was .
the next thing i knew , i was topless , and jolene was swinging my bandeau top over her head .
it did n't take either of us long , but when we did fall apart around each other , the last thing i remembered thinking before crying out and the first thing i remembered at the end of it was that surely no one had ever loved another person the way i loved jesse walker .
i double checked to make sure garth and i were seeing the same thing .
in this life , and our next , and our next if there 's such a thing as reincarnation .
no one had to tell me twice that josie leaning in , that damn coconut - scented hair brushing my face , and softly blowing on my battle wounds was probably the worst thing that could happen to me .
getting in a bar fight will be the single most exciting thing that ever happens to colt mason . ''
` ` garth , this whole slow and steady thing is a trial period .
the first thing i saw when they opened ?
the second thing i saw ?
josie saw the same thing and thought i wonder what they want ?
the willpower it took to keep from throwing her on her back and slamming inside of her two seconds later was the kind of thing men only knew of in legends .
silence , when the two of us were together , was a rare thing .
he opened the door , and as i stepped inside , the only thing i saw were two completely nak*d girls sitting at the table while sam and lucky were fully dressed .
` ` that 's the last thing you remember ? ''
i watched the look on his face as he came , and it was the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
and every heart will break there 's just no way to keep it safe from anything if the only thing that makes it break is somebody please do n't give it to me 'cause seeing you cry makes me want to leave but losing you scares the shit out of me my phone rang , and lily 's beautiful picture lit up my screen .
we ' ve known each other forever ; this is just a thing that happened . ''
` ` see this thing that happened , '' his voice dropped a few octaves and i was suddenly acutely aware that the coffee shop was full and that for whatever reason we had garnered enough interest from the fellow patrons that several nearby tables were watching our interaction with rapt attention .
with her i was different and this thing happen between us was most definitely different .
` ` sure thing , i did n't know you went out and got yourself a girl , rule , a pretty one at that . ''
it 's not a bad thing to feel , it 's not awful to care about other people . ''
rowdy was there and saw the whole thing .
that thing that happened last year between the two of you has always lingered .
i felt like i was not only running away from her , but also from every bad thing that had ever happened in that house .
the cool thing is ayden is n't the type to take it all .
since shaw and i talked about everything , i knew that this group of guys was into this kind of thing , but i had never seen it before , let alone had one anywhere near me .
sex was just a thing i had done before .
we had a casual thing going on but it 's over . ''
` ` the worst thing is that she got in the ambulance and went to the hospital with him , while i got carted off to jail .
` ` i know you 're hurting , but so is she , and the only thing that will make either of you stop is for one of you to realize that you just need to be together .
the entire thing would have been comical , if i had n't felt like i was going to swallow my tongue or pass out at any second .
asa could only watch from the deck since his gimpy limbs kept him pretty immobile , and ayden and i just watched the entire thing in silence .
` ` the oddest thing happened at lunch , '' he says .
the worst thing that could happen would be for you to cheat on me .
` ` the funniest thing happened a couple of weeks ago at this italian restaurant .
i do n't want to freak her out , because i know she 's completely new to this kind of thing .
every time i would try to talk to my father after that , the same thing would happen , and he would tell brennan to tell me to stop voicing my words .
i hate it when people spend their entire lives blaming their parents for every bad thing that happens to them .
my favorite thing to watch her do is erase her words .
i hate that it 's my favorite thing to watch her do , because it should n't be .
this song is just one more thing that never should have happened , even though i ' m positive it 's my new favorite .
he 's the best damn thing that 's ever happened to me .
the best thing that 's ever happened to maggie . ''
the only thing any of us can hear is the lingering shattering of maggie 's heart .
the only thing i hold against him is the night he kissed me and ruined me for every other kiss i 'll ever experience .
i want these songs to be enough to convince her that we 're ready , so every single thing has to be perfect .
maybe ridge kicking doors shut is my new favorite thing .
i have no idea how or if i even deserve him , but there 's one thing i know for sure .
feeling his moan without hearing it is probably the most sensual thing i ' ve ever experienced .
this thing with hank had been going on for years .
i was fine with not showing up to this thing .
glancing back at the empty beach house , i wondered if this was a common thing with locals .
` ` i ' m talking about the reason you brought me to this thing .
his expression became serious , and that was a rare thing .
so i figured it might be best if we talked before this thing tonight . ''
i was trying to figure out what a cotillion was and why it was okay for jason to still buy a girl flowers and take her to this thing when he 'd gotten upset over me just having dinner with jeff .
they get all dressed up , and it 's a dance thing .
my heart did that flutter thing again , and my hands on his chest turned into fists to keep from pawing at him in appreciation .
the only thing that can hurt my future is if you do n't agree to move in with me , because i ca n't concentrate without you near me . ''
i mean , this entire thing seemed too perfect .
each welt reminded me of brute and driver , q committing murder , every nasty little thing of running away .
the only thing that happened was q .
it would be the last thing i would see of his .
the ironic thing was - now i was the bastard responsible .
` ` the thing is i did n't need protecting . ''
the first thing i did was scream .
i screamed as every single hellish thing i 'd lived through crushed me with the force of a logging truck .
say that the same thing happened to me and that time will heal , but ... in this instance , i ' m not so sure .
having that devil thing out of my body was the first thing to give me a tiny feeling of relief .
i had assumed , like me , he was up for a onetime thing ; however , that morning , he 'd told me he was taking me out again to his mother 's .
scarlett laid back on her car , coming all over my hand , was the sexiest thing i had ever seen .
next thing i knew , teen spun , her fist flying right into my nose .
we had a thing ; it was one night , and i knew that ; you knew that .
` ` then , why are you here having a scan thing ?
the sick feeling in the pit of my stomach still had n't lessened any at the thought of how badly the whole thing could have ended .
it 'd been a long time coming and had n't been an easy thing for her to let the walls down and accept mace was her somebody .
i 'd meant it when i decided the thing between us was n't going to happen again .
you go around actin ' like i ' ve done some horrible fuckin ' thing to you , and half the time i have no damn clue what 's up your ass ! ''
i quickly decided i did n't want him to know i had witnessed the whole thing or had momentarily doubted him , so i ducked back around the other side of the wall and waited a beat .
trip slid my drink over looking relaxed ; he obviously did n't realize i had witnessed the whole thing , so i decided i would act like it had n't happened .
this felt like the kind of thing mick and i used to enjoy when we first hooked up .
as in , trying to have an interaction with you that does n't end with me whipping out my dick ... even if jerking off is the only thing that puts me in a good mood . ''
i lapsed into a fantasy , and the next thing i knew , hannah 's kind , familiar voice was addressing me .
` ` i can tell , '' i said , grinning helplessly , ` ` but i think the last thing your sister and i want to see is you shaking your tits , no offense hun . ''
matt crying , and trying to hide his tears , was the saddest sweetest thing i had seen in a long time .
fuck , they even have this thing called the seneca wine trail .
was this the kind of thing hannah liked ?
the first thing i notice is that landon 's hand is missing from mine , and it makes me feel empty , like one of my arms has been detached from my body .
the only thing i can think of is that he got up to go to the bathroom , because he would never leave me sleeping on the hill alone in his backyard .
` ` it 's a beautiful thing , nova , '' he 'd replied with one of his rare smiles .
was it like a onetime thing or something ? ''
it 's the most amazing thing i ' ve ever experienced , and i want to grab on to it with everything i have in me .
` ` what 's one thing you 're afraid of ? ''
` ` i know one thing , though . ''
` ` because i do n't want to ... that thing at the restaurant- '' i crash my lips into his , because i ' m caught up in the moment and i want to taste him again and i want to avoid taking a detour down memory lane again .
in the end , it all comes down to one thing : i was driving too fast .
` ` for joss , '' i replied brightly , feeling giddy about the whole thing .
as that morning came back to me in vivid detail i gave a huff of laughter as i now replayed the whole thing but with the realization that adam had been jealous .
` ` in the grand scheme of things it 's not the worst thing that happened .
i knew they shared ( and i did n't want to know if it was a reoccurring thing ) because braden had been seeing vicky for three months .
he turned and pointed up to the street where we were standing and the next thing was we were being waved down the stairs .
in fact , i pretty much think he 's the best thing that could have ever happened to her . ''
jo had done an amazing job raising him and the best thing that had ever happened to the both of them , other than each other , was cameron maccabe .
jo had said cole 's instant camaraderie with me was a rare thing indeed , a camaraderie we all knew had turned into a bit of a crush .
her fiance grinned , and my chest did that achy , flippy thing again when he leaned over to press a loving kiss on her shoulder .
cole caught the whole thing . '
so far beyond the point of being mortified at this kind of thing now , i let him pull me to my feet .
the last thing hannah needed was for braden and adam to find out there was a boy she liked , because they 'd end up making her life an utter hell with their overprotectiveness .
maybe the loss of him was n't the most painful thing in the world .
i still have n't seen the whole thing . ''
my first instinct was to fight , but this was n't the kind of thing you fight .
` ` and look how well that turned out , '' i teased playfully , knowing damn well she was the best thing to ever happen to me .
` ` okay , babe , i have a ticket for you to fly out to seattle first thing tomorrow morning .
it was the most romantic thing ever .
everyone wanted to hug me but i could barely move , so it turned out to be this awkward grab thing that happened instead of a real hug .
it was funny how often that kind of thing happened .
the amazing thing was , jack actually did come back as strong as he once was .
` ` i have a vague recollection of this thing you call summer . ''
chapter one darla the last everloving f**king thing i expected to see as i drove down i-76 toward my little hometown of peters , ohio was a buck - naked man wearing a spiked collar and a guitar .
last thing i remember you were telling judy all the reasons why you would n't f**k her , but you were nak*d as the day you were born and asking her if you could borrow her diva cup to insert it to understand what it 's like to be a woman . ''
the same thing every day , the same job which , by the way , i had to be at today at four o'clock , working a stupid four to nine shift .
i wanted to ask , and quickly realized it was a good thing i had a one - second filter , because that would have been a shitty thing to ask .
if what i wanted - we wanted - was n't supposed to happen , how could we all be here right now , ready for the same thing ?
the last thing i 'd read on my tablet had been a very hot romance novel , which left off with the hero and her**ne trapped in a broken elevator ( does n't every romance novel have to have at least one scene like that ?
` ` but it 's the first thing that 's felt real , too , '' he confessed .
the way he touched the sticks , the way he moved so fluidly , knowing exactly what to do next , was the most arousing and sensual thing i had ever seen .
the tangible feeling of my own fingers against my body felt like the most real thing on the planet .
the only thing more real would have been if his hands had touched the same place .
how could so many good things happen and one horrible thing cancel it all out ?
how could so many good things happen and one horrible thing cancel it all out ?
` ` this is the worst thing you ' ve seen in a vag**a ? ''
there was n't any such thing as a bad blowjob , but the really , really good ones were n't all that common either .
` ` thing is , bud , i hooked up with someone here . ''
pulling in air , she texted slowly , writing and rewriting the message , suddenly tongue - tied , if there was such a thing in texting .
` ` here 's the thing , beautiful , '' he murmured .
i watch the whole thing go down , then turn to him in disbelief .
the next thing i know , he 's back at the blender , loading it with cut - up bananas and an extra - large serving of strawberries - definitely more than seven .
i know he 's the one who sent this to me - it 's the only thing that makes sense .
which , i realize , is just another thing i can blame ethan for .
i gasp , try to hold still so i can feel every pleasurable thing he does to me .
they 're both watching me like they expect me to start screaming in excitement at any moment , but all i can think is that what they 're offering is absolutely the last thing i want to be a part of .
though it would probably be the most natural thing in the world for him to stand behind me and wrap his arms around my waist and rest his chin on the top of my head , ethan stands to the side of me instead .
especially when there 's a part of me that wants nothing more than to climb into bed and go over every delicious thing ethan did to my body today .
the whole thing is surreal .
this whole thing is probably the highlight of his day .
her pale skin and rose - colored lips give the whole thing a surreal feel .
we should be there first thing tomorrow .
diverting their attention might make the whole thing pass faster .
it 's the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
it was my wife who orchestrated the whole thing , but she 's still asleep because i made love to her all night and she 's probably too sore to walk . ''
the last thing i remember is watching him toss his shirt on the floor and climb up the ladder .
` ` i do n't usually come out to this sort of thing , but when jack 's name came up in the paper , i had to come .
abby understood , but she had n't realized that it would be an ongoing thing .
i 'll call her first thing tomorrow . ''
jack and i were a thing that never happened .
that kind of thing does n't normally happen around here . ''
for a moment the only thing i could hear was the slap .
the thing is , i wonder if i was right .
i did n't know who that girl was , but as i looked at her jack glanced from the phone and back to me like he was seeing the same thing .
i ' m a bit nervous about the whole thing .
the only thing i noticed was at the end of the session my head was empty .
and you must not have seen the whole thing .
i ' m going to look into this first thing monday morning , after i make an appointment to see you in the office . ''
i 'll arrange to get your car to you first thing tomorrow . ''
a girls ' thing .
she remembered discovering it in the stack , and the weird electrical thing had happened before .
what if you get some crazy electrocution thing that fries your brain ? ''
i set the whole thing up because i wanted to beat samuel .
they are n't looking for a one - time thing . ''
the only reason i posted it was because i thought someone might be going through the same thing .
the entire thing played out , just as it was done to me , but he was with another girl and it was right in front of my face .
he wanted to keep trystan from doing something stupid , but the girl sitting next to him was a sure thing .
they 'd rough - housed , wrestled and that kind of thing , but this was a fight .
the whole thing was perfect ; the way he held me , the way he kissed me , the way he said my name like there was no one else and there never would be .
tucker did n't stop the play , he let the entire thing run from start to end and when they finished , tucker just sat there , staring at them with one eyebrow lifted too high .
trystan 's eyes meet mine and the only thing i want is his arms around me .
i can be talking about the most horrible thing that ever happened to me , but with you here , the pain lessens .
the two of them stop and this awkward thing happens .
one thing led to another and his lips met mine .
the only thing that 's awkward is this .
otherwise , come back first thing tomorrow . ''
this kind of thing is too sensual , and it 's too beautiful .
before cole leaves me to find my room , he says , ` ` that shoot will be first thing tomorrow .
i 'd be hiding out in the strawberry fields , jumping from moving cars , and that sort of thing , remember ? ''
` ` that 's the only thing that i figured out and i was n't even sure i was right .
luck 's the kind of thing most people notice in hindsight .
it seemed like a strange thing to tell you , so i hid it and switched things around . ''
the entire thing seems surreal .
` ` that 's about the only thing that would be worse . ''
day after day , it 's the same thing .
every year it 's the same thing ; interns calling up , crying their eyes out that cole stevens fired them .
it 's who you are , everything from your sharp wit , to your amazing eyes , to the way you wear those pants like they 're jeans - which they 're not by the way - you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
they poke me , ask me things that i know - like my name , when i was born , and that kind of thing .
but the last thing this lovely probably wants is to mess around with someone with as much drama as you own .
i did n't think much of it because it was a common thing in my school but when my principal walked in , she saw me and just assumed it was all my fault .
it was the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
she moved her eyes with mine and it seemed to be the most unfeigned , unpracticed thing in the world .
` ` the next night , at the same time , the same thing happened but this time i stayed quiet and kept the light off .
falling for harper felt like the most natural thing in the world and , god help me , i liked it .
the whole thing was shockingly too much like a real wedding to me and i often found myself tamping down guilty feelings .
i may have started the whole thing but he kissed me back .
` ` the worst thing that can happen is that i forget and they boo me , right ?
it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever experienced and it was only my bleeping arm .
i discovered we were on top of the most gorgeous rolling hill , its green sweeping layers screamed beautiful things as the wind swooped around the feet and back to the heads of each mounded hill .
but an hour from london , the most unfortunate thing happened ... well , unfortunate yet at the same time very fortunate .
` ` it 's a curious thing , '' i added dryly .
i ' ve experienced this exact thing before .
it seems so commonplace a thing for a celebrity of dawson 's caliber to have .
she was a one - time thing .
he moves my hand , tangled in his , to my clitoris , and we stimulate me together , and that 's the most erotic thing i can imagine , until he takes his hand away and watches me .
of course , there 's a big party tonight , a swanky , glitzy thing set up by his manager , audrey .
` ` you 're the best thing that ever happened to me , dawson kellor . ''
` ` i think we 're the best thing to happen to each other . ''
it had been a big mistake because the next thing he knew they had a fight , and she was gone .
the next thing i knew they were on the dance floor , his arms wrapped around her .
sometimes that 's the only thing i remember , yet i do n't tell anyone because if i do , all will be lost . ''
` ` yeah , that was n't the only weird thing happening , '' jett said , ` ` my brother and i used to watch the house when we were kids . ''
even if things were n't meant to last , i wanted to at least remember , because in the end my memory could be the only thing left .
first thing tomorrow i 'll have a professional fix it and no one will know . ''
it could be an italian thing or the brand differs from those advertised back home . ''
next thing i knew i was in the air .
brandon laughed and cut off abruptly , sucking in another quick breath , ` ` seriously harper , that was by far the best thing i ' ve ever seen .
first thing brandon did was thank bree for her hand in my earlier outfit , she winked at both of us before running back to the side of some new guy named ryan .
if anyone 's drinks started getting low , he was already refilling it , he always made sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed , and his kisses on his mom 's cheeks had to be the most loving thing i 'd ever seen come from him .
i want the same thing every day .
next thing i know all the guys were yelling at each other and brandon started threating chase .
the first thing i saw was his anxious expression in the mirror .
i was at the party and the next thing i know i ' m waking up to breanna and konrad screaming at me and trish is in my bed with me .
~~~ konrad was driving back after talking with , and dropping brandon off at chase 's house , he had seen the whole thing .
bree 's hand was gripping my arm so hard , i had no doubt she was seeing the same thing .
i thought watching chase die on the ground was the worst thing i would ever experience in my life .
and the funny thing is , i do n't even care .
the next thing i knew , she was out of my arms and walking away .
all the guys in the house knew she was pregnant and that we were together , but drew had been joking about harper 's ` ` buddha belly , '' and next thing i know , harper 's hyperventilating .
but i did not remember their breaking it up , and not a thing after that .
` ` i was at the party and the next thing i know i ' m waking up to breanna and konrad screaming at me , and trish is in my bed with me .
in the afternoon the same thing happened except this time the girl kept her eyes lowered .
seeing logan tore me open , and i was bleeding , and the thing was i did n't know how to stop it .
logan playing the guitar and singing was the last thing i wanted to see .
i had the whole thing planned and it ended up going where i hoped it would go .
` ` there 's a thing on the list that says i have to dance in the rain . ''
the only thing that stops me is i do n't want to take my arms off her .
what happened just barely was n't a one - time thing .
it feels like we 're slipping away from each other , and he was the one thing that brought me back out of my dark place .
ethan told me about their little shake thing with mikey and it seems like it kind of broke down a barrier between the two of them .
this thing does n't start for another hour and i ' m getting bored . ''
` ` ethan and i got a part - time job in construction , but it 's just an in - between thing . ''
` ` ethan suggested a weird thing to me today .
i want to be with her and for it to be more than just a one - time thing .
` ` you say that like it 's the most tragic thing that 's ever happened to you . ''
and the scariest thing is i both do and do n't want to .
were all those sparks i felt a one - sided thing ?
the surprising thing is , i really do n't care .
` ` you know , if i ' ve learned one thing through this whole ordeal it 's that sometimes you ca n't make things happen , even if you want them to .
right after the thing with sean happened , one of the precious bells told the entire school .
but the thing is , they 're in the past , and moving forward i need to stop being so fixated on the things that have happened and focus on what i want to happen .
it was our thing and we probably threw more at my house then we actually went out to , since my mother never cared just as long as we cleaned up afterward .
without even thinking , as if it 's the most natural thing in the world , i lean over the console and pull her into a hug .
my heart does this stupid , very unmanly pitter - patter thing inside my chest , but i smile and take off jogging to my room .
the only thing that moving forward will ensure is that one of us ends up at the bottom of the ravine , smashed to bits , and i seriously doubt i ' m up for that right now . ''
however , since that 's the one thing i want most , i ca n't stand the thought of hearing something else .
sometimes i imagine the worst thing possible , trying to brace myself for it , so i never feel so off balance again .
the stupid thing is that i had no idea it was there .
i love that sound and the way he leans forward like it 's a horrible thing to witness .
grinning at him , i lift my water glass and take a sip before saying smugly , ` ` i planned the whole thing .
i did n't do it on purpose and he 's the one who stopped the thing , but i have to push him .
my eyes have the stinging panicky thing going on when mel pushes the door open .
it 's an amazing thing to see .
he leans in close and whispers in my ear , ` ` that was the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` i already have , and it 's not the kind of thing that i 'll forget . ''
the only thing that breaks it for me is you .
the thing with his wife was n't an accident .
` ` what 's your favorite thing to do in the snow ? ''
before embarrassment hits me in the head like a frying pan , sean says , ` ` and it was the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
after tearing the top open , i inhale deeply and the over - salivating thing stops .
the first thing i think is , he 's not sean , and that 's the problem .
it 's the funniest thing to grab some snow and hurl a snowball at someone when it 's summer .
it 's the only thing i want .
all the diner patrons were at the smudgy windows , peering out at the scene like it was the most exciting thing that had ever happened to them .
i 'd watched the whole thing on the news two years earlier , but javier had been here , riding the whole thing out .
i 'd watched the whole thing on the news two years earlier , but javier had been here , riding the whole thing out .
but that was n't the only thing that took my breath away .
the only thing i could do was squirm .
next thing we knew , we were throwing glasses of wine at each other , covering us in the red liquid , not caring if we were staining our clothes or each other .
that whole thing .
there was one thing that happened that night that made it different from all the other nights they spent on it .
and for all the effort , for all my plans of scamming the guy , the thing that hurt the most was the rejection .
i mulled it over and over and the only thing i could come up with was that he just did n't like me ` ` like that . ''
i 'd be lying if i said i did n't have massive deja vu about the whole thing , back to the time when camden and i used to lie on top of his trampoline and listen to music .
* * * later that day , i was walking around joshua tree national park and planning the exact thing uncle jim was afraid of : trouble .
the only thing i heard was a sound that you never forget .
the only thing she did n't like was the fact that camden mcqueen was in her class .
the only thing i could pass was the driving test . ''
and i know it 's a terrible thing to even think , but i ' m just being cautious .
and when she did , it landed on the porch with a bang that echoed in the overhang and the next thing that happened was her open palm meeting my face .
` ` some thing 's do n't change , '' i said with a nod , taking a sip .
this was n't a clark kent thing .
i thought the worst thing that could have happened would be javier killing ellie .
it was a hard thing not to do when you were stuck in his house , the house you shared together .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing that i thought was odd , '' gus added .
the next thing i knew , i was very slowly rolling out of the bed and coming face to face with the upholstered cabin wall .
if it was this revenge , this thing , then tell me exactly how it was . ''
whatever ... thing ... you two shared , it 's over .
it 's very cheesy , touristy , frat boy jackasses , that sort of thing .
i must have fallen to my side , because the next thing i knew my head was resting against damp crab trap netting and gus was shoving two painkiller tablets into my mouth and moving my jaw up and down , trying to get me to chew them .
that was the last thing i remembered before things got fuzzy and i stopped feeling .
i had to fight the urge to wrap my arm around her and bring her into me , to hold her close , tell her that i loved her , that i would n't let another thing happen to her .
` ` ellie , what was the last thing you remember ? ''
for now , tell them that you were looking for car parts at the dump and that was the last thing you remember .
the last thing you remember . ''
that whole thing was ... a blur . ''
the last thing i remembered was his arms around me as i fell asleep .
` ` do you think this whole thing was a set up ? ''
next thing i heard was his pants coming off .
the thing was , i 'd never really thought about that .
it was n't like a one - time thing that can be filed away as a ' tragic accident ' ; cole was an alcoholic before be turned eighteen .
there 's no such thing as a bad bus ride when you 're in the company of something beautiful .
` ` i ' m serious , '' she says with a cute pouty face i just want to cup in my hands and lick so she shrieks and pretends it 's the grossest thing ever .
maybe he just wants a friend with benefits , or a one - time thing .
he stands there , shirtless : the sexiest f**king thing i have ever seen in my life , with water dripping down his tanned abs .
the next thing i know , andrew is being lifted onto a stretcher and strapped down .
he 's afraid the same thing is going to happen to him , that his tumor is inoperable . ''
and that 's the last thing i remember about that day .
rachel would be arriving any minute , but i was starving so i poured a glass of milk and sat at the comfortable wooden kitchen table , looking out at the city skyline and wondering what crazy thing was going to happen today .
you saw one thing that you did n't like , and instead of trusting me , you accuse me .
emma said it was a crazy , spur - of - the - moment vacation memory thing , but i still thought she was insane .
what a normal thing to have happen to a billionaire .
he nodded like it was the most common thing in the world .
owen had focused on his work as we flew away from the thing he was trying to accomplish , the silence deafening .
i kissed him like it was the only thing i had ever wanted .
it was the closest thing to a media circus i 'd ever seen .
` ` are you sure this thing 's legal on the streets ? ''
` ` seriously though , if he says no , i 'll fly you out after work on friday night or first thing saturday morning , okay ? ''
my world went black and the next thing i knew , dean was sitting at the foot of my bed , clearly uncomfortable with the way i carried on .
she 'd gotten into the habit of sending e - mails to my work address so that i would have something to read from her first thing in the morning .
we do n't have to stay for the whole thing .
i 'll file the paperwork first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` i mean , it was before the whole matteo kissing thing . ''
even a few of the mean wives commented about the article and what a horrible thing happened to me and jack .
` ` what kind of thing , neil ?
is your battery charged enough to record the whole thing ? ''
he does that thing again where he shows me two people taller than him and two shorter than him .
the only thing that would make this better is if she came back in here and we finished what we started .
` ` next thing i know , she has my head in her lap , instead . ''
` ` that was the funniest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` that thing you two do is rather rude , '' trip says snidely , looking from one of us to the other .
it was the funniest thing i have seen in a long time .
pete jesus f**king christ that was the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen , done , or even imagined .
` ` you 're the only good thing that happened to me that night , pete , '' i say .
one minute i have my fingers inside her because the need to touch her was so overwhelming it was worth getting wet and cold , and then the next thing i know we 're arguing and it feels like she might be thinking about breaking up with me .
the next thing i know we 're headed up to the counter , telling the waitress that we 'd like our food to go .
` ` the thing is , '' ethan says , startling me .
every single thing that we ' ve been through has gotten us to this moment where she 's lying in the bed beside me and just her being here makes me so content .
one thing i could say for certain was they were infinitely more content than i 'd ever felt my entire life .
i was dying to talk about whatever that thing was that happened between us at the watering hole .
i felt like i was accomplishing some good , and i was , but while i was in uganda , on our way to get the babies , the strangest thing happened . ''
it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen in my entire life .
he smiled and it was the most glorious thing i 'd ever seen .
he smiled against my teeth and it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever felt .
but he never once made eye contact throughout the entire thing and that wounded my already bleeding heart .
i could n't even pin it down to one thing .
cricket aww 'd and i just stood there absorbing the little thing , feeling proud and overwhelmed .
internal arguments demanding i get the hell over myself , that i forget her , distance myself from her only to turn around and ask what was the worst thing that could happen and asking myself if i could steal her away from ethan .
because if there was one thing i could n't stand , it was people who tried to threaten bigger than they were willing to carry out .
the first thing i noticed , was kellan leaning against the counter , talking to rita and sipping on a beer .
` ` no , kiera , i do n't mind ... '' ignoring the oddity in his voice at the tail end of that sentence , i added , ` ` there is a registration thing tomorrow .
it was starting to become a more frequent thing , and i was really starting to lose patience .
the other three guys , all with girls scrunched close to their sides , thoroughly enjoyed the crazy thing .
in fact , there was only one thing that whole week that did not make me happy ... and it was kind of a big one .
kellan and griffin would laugh loudly , like it was the funniest thing they 'd ever seen .
i was still gaping open - mouthed at the whole thing , when jenny laughed at me .
` ` there 's this strip club in vancouver , that does this thing with a- '' ` ` no , no . ''
he groaned heavily , his face a mixture of painful need and lingering anger - it was the hottest thing i 'd ever seen .
i looked at them thoughtfully for a second , then blurted out , ` ` are you guys going to kellan 's thing at our house ? ''
` ` kellan 's having a ... thing . ''
the first thing i noticed was denny and kellan on the couch , chatting and laughing easily .
` ` so , when dear old dad had to leave town for several months ... some family emergency thing back east , '' he shook his head softly , ` ` you can imagine his surprise , when he came back home to find his blushing bride pregnant . ''
his inhumanly blue eyes taking me in , absorbing me like he was memorizing me , was going to be the last thing he ever did .
the feel of him in me was the most fulfilling thing my drunken body had ever experienced .
his grin breaking into a mischievous one as i pulled him along , he told me , ` ` i know my trick was a little mean , but it did prove one very important thing . ''
i 'd imagined kissing him for weeks , but it was nothing - nothing - like the real thing .
i think ... i think that 's really the only thing i regret with you . ''
anna was highly entertained by the whole thing .
being rejected was no easy thing .
as she walked away , i considered one good thing from the encounter - she 'd stunned me out of my moment of agony , that was for sure .
kellan 's back was the first thing i noticed - his back walking away from me again .
besides , what 's the worst thing that could happen ? ''
dad was asking kellan if he could really make any money off his band ` ` thing . ''
kellan did this thing where he- '' i put up my hand to stop her explanation .
hopefully that was a onetime thing ... otherwise i may have to have a talk with the pop princess .
` ` i guess we 'll get to work on it first thing . ''
` ` were you really thinking about me throughout that entire thing ? ''
this really was n't my favorite thing , but hearing kellan 's reaction , the deep groan he made as he clenched my hair tight was one of my favorite things , and i focused on that .
the only thing i did n't love was the loss of my marriage bed .
i still felt horribly embarrassed about the whole thing , though , especially since i was dressed like a bratz doll .
` ` that ... was ... the most ... disgusting thing ...
` ` here 's the thing , love .
the nominations had been announced at the end of november , a week after our wedding , but kellan was still in denial about the whole thing .
` ` do i really have to go to this thing ? ''
` ` i have a thing tonight . ''
` ` a weekly thing . ''
` ` why do n't you want me to come to this thing ? ''
one thing they all indulged in equally , though , was bev 's cocktail of the week .
the only surprising thing was , i was the first one to break open the stupid damn .
` ` i did n't expect to see you at this thing . ''
are n't there supposed to be warning signs for this sort of thing ? ''
` ` my boss bev has this weekly thing going on at the house .
i 'd never been so emotional , and this one last thing , him disappearing before i woke up , made me realize what a mess i 'd become .
the whole thing could n't have lasted more than thirty seconds .
i had n't been cruel about the breakup , which in the end , had been the most brutal thing of all .
no matter how many times i saw it , danika moving her h*ps to the beat was the hottest f**king thing i 'd ever seen .
i thought that was the hottest thing in the world .
if i had n't just heard the whole thing with my own ears , that look would have been enough to convict him .
it 's not the novelty of an act that makes a thing exciting , danika , it 's the feeling behind it .
because for me it 's been the thing you do when you get bored with random p**sy .
i cried like a baby through the entire thing .
i 'd just kind of assumed , as much as i hated the thought , that she 'd want to be passed around at this thing , especially if i was passing her to someone like james , who could questionably make anyone 's sexuality flexible .
it 's my favorite thing in the world that does n't involve touching you .
he 'd probably never done a thing in his life that made him hate himself , which made me hate him a little just thinking about .
life must be a f**king picnic , to grow up and never have a bad thing happen to you , like your preston there . ''
` ` are you mad at me over the preston thing ? ''
i seethed through the entire thing .
the thing i feared the most , though , was not the worst thing that could have happened to her .
the thing i feared the most , though , was not the worst thing that could have happened to her .
i knew this because , the worst thing had happened .
i check my bag for advil and remember that i took the last of them first thing this morning .
she has no clue i ' m here , watching , feeling utterly emotionless by the whole thing and forbes says nothing .
the next thing i know , my back is pressed against the wall , his body hard on mine , caging me in .
the laughable thing is , i do n't know how to fight back .
i know that traumatic events can sometimes be triggered by the smallest thing , causing blackouts and that kind of thing . ''
` ` so what time is this thing ? ''
` ` well , that 's the thing ... '' he crouches down , stroking dozer who 's positioned between us .
he 'd been so sweet to me about the anna thing , but i was lost somewhere deep inside my head ...
this comes from the receptionist , who is still looking a little shocked by the whole thing .
screw the fact that i ' ve been dreaming about this very thing happening for three months , i ' m still f**king pissed .
` ` so i could tell you the one thing i did n't when we were at the hospital . ''
little f**ker had watched the whole thing .
he wore glasses sometimes , simple plastic frames , the narrow lenses emphasizing that crinkling thing his eyes did .
a thing we could do to show we had n't meant to hurt each other .
i did n't want to stop this thing , lying on a motel bed with this beautiful man , our hot skin always in contact , never breaking apart .
but he walked up to me , squinting , smiling in surprise , a beautiful thing emerging from the blur of neon and smoke .
when i stepped up to the coffin and peered inside , i was pretty sure i 'd see the big bloody red thing currently throbbing in my chest .
the crazy thing was that after all of this , no one knew .
shocking thing number two : a letter from hiyam 's dad .
` ` and wesley stalking me , and hiyam blackmailing me , and every crazy thing that 's happened this year ? ''
thinking back on it , the whole thing is pretty funny .
the strange thing was that i was parked in the area for dogs and they never got out with a dog .
the next thing i knew , i was being pulled across the bed , my back to asher 's front , his arm around my waist and his legs bent into mine .
i must have fallen asleep because the next thing i knew , i was being put into the front seat of asher 's jeep .
it was the most erotic thing i ' ve ever seen .
next thing i knew , i was staying at his house , he put a ring on my finger , and i was planning a wedding .
the next thing i knew , my clothes were gone .
i mean , this kind of thing did n't happen to people every day .
i look over and see a group of guys watching the same thing as me .
next thing i knew , my phone was out of my hand and asher had it to his ear .
` ` the worst thing that could happen is if you left me and i had no way of knowing that you were okay .
` ` that kind of thing happens every day in the city , november .
then we became somewhat friends ; one thing led to another the night of my niece 's birth .
` ` i had been depressed all morning , thinking about john missing out on one more thing that he would have loved to be a part of .
you said what you wanted , and i told you that i do n't want the same thing . ''
you and logan have been together for over two years and the only thing you ' ve done is kiss .
it was a foolish thing to hope for , of course .
when i did , the first thing i noticed was logan still breathing heavily as he paced in front of the bed with his hands on his hips .
his head dropped to my neck , and the next thing i felt was his mouth warming the skin at the base of it .
no bad thing had happened upon me last night , but i had n't found a bad thing either .
no bad thing had happened upon me last night , but i had n't found a bad thing either .
the only thing different this year was the cancelled firework display .
i 'll be just fine at the end of this thing , and you wo n't even think about throwing a punch . ''
i was silent for a good deal of it , simply taking in the novelty of the two men in my life interacting like it was the most natural thing in the world .
i loved his touch , so i did n't protest , although the whole thing was a little surreal for me .
this thing we were doing , where he invaded my house and lavished attention on me , would end soon .
the only thing she hated more than someone else getting the man was someone else getting the attention , i had observed .
and then i got to experience the whole disgusting thing without the benefit of drugged wine . ''
i watched the whole thing as if in slow - motion , my jaw dropping in shock .
stephan had been crushed by the whole thing .
i did n't understand why stephan had kept it from me , but i supposed it was an awkward thing to bring up , when he 'd known how i clearly felt .
as i spoke , james walked into the room , as though he had timed the entire thing down to the minute .
it was the sweetest , craziest , most romantic thing i 'd ever witnessed , and i did n't know what to make of it .
he pulled me into a dance as though it were the most natural thing in the world .
a physical threat from these women was the last thing i had expected .
i thought he was beyond strange , and it went without saying that this was some kind of ocd on his part , but i enabled his strange need to wash them away , telling him every single thing they had done , and every part of me that had been touched .
i ' m growing accustomed to this sort of thing . ''
it 's the hottest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
one thing i knew for sure , though .
best thing that ever happened to me , '' he whispered .
not sure how he did it , but stephan turned the whole thing into an impromptu pool party .
the only thing we can predict is his grudge against you .
and yes , she obviously set the thing up .
it 's a lovely thing to see . ''
some things you could n't take back , and watching james have sex with another woman , a woman i 'd met , one who i openly disliked , could n't be a healthy thing for our relationship .
i had to stop linking every single thing that happened to me with kennedy .
the whole thing was a competition to see who could get how far , and i could never figure out if there was more luck or skill involved , or some unknowable combination of the two .
according to the university 's website , restrictions on socializing were to protect - or prevent - students from trading sexual favors for grades , or the appearance of such a thing .
` ` he was stopped by a guy who saw the whole thing and is willing to make an official report with me . ''
` ` you should know , buck is claiming that the thing with mindi was consensual , and the thing with you did n't happen at all the night you said it did . ''
but this was the worst thing i ' ve ever come across , and i 'll always regret taking my wife with me that night , '' heller said .
the entire thing was over in a minute , maybe two .
it 's fun to see the fans come out and show their support , even for a small thing like this .
one thing i learned about my new room is that it 's most definitely not soundproof .
someone saw the entire thing happen and brought the dog to us .
a healthy relationship with a female might be just the kind of normal thing my brothers needed to see from me .
while i sat reminding myself how to properly chew and swallow my food , i realized one thing .
and tonight i needed a sure thing .
and despite her constant flirting with me , i saw it strictly as a one - time thing .
the same thing happens with a few other friends .
the last time i saw him , the same thing happened , but the situation never ended with us leaving together .
` ` good thing you went first .
she had been able to see the whole thing .
i want to look away from him , but i can not , and when i look at him , strange things flutter through me , pulse in the secret places of my heart and soul and body .
that was the most amazing thing i ' ve ever experienced . ''
it feels like her p**sy is grabbing me and letting go , and it 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever f**king felt .
she supposed this baby plane was too dinky for that sort of thing .
it was a polite sort of thing to add a ` ` mister '' in front of a first name , but she supposed he did n't grasp that .
maylee folded her hands on her lap as if this was the most normal thing in the world .
and he 'd been shuffled to the rear like riffraff in front of maylee , who was watching the entire thing with shining , fascinated eyes .
` ` trust me , every fool in bellissime is going to be at this thing tonight .
he could n't deny that fooling around with maylee had been the best thing to happen to him in a long time .
she 'd simply been herself - excited , breathless , and wild with need - and he 'd thought it was the most erotic thing ever .
she had n't paid a bit of attention to it before , and she probably would n't have noticed it now except for one thing : the pastoral scene of a river that flowed toward a mill and a gigantic waterwheel .
be there with her friend through the whole thing , from start to finish , just as another body in the room there to support the mom ?
alex had seen plenty of strange things in his years on hospital rotations , and had walked in on some pretty exceptionally sexual situations that ranged from the commonplace to the perverted , but going at it while a woman was dilated to six centimeters or so , in a hospital room bathroom , was a new kind of deviant that- as sherri turned to him and bit her lower lip , covering her mouth with her palm , alex took charge and said , ` ` laura , are you okay ? ''
a phone call from marlene meant only one thing .
the last thing after plenty of others . ''
it 's all ... this quirky thing involving thor and his little ... model boyfriend . ''
one thing led to another and she 'd downloaded ` ` i wasted my only answered prayer '' and sent it to darla .
` ` it 's the most natural thing in the world . ''
` ` we did n't plan it ; it was n't some overt thing .
hidden in the abyss inside me that cracked open the day daddy died , when you came home from the hospital six weeks later and told me i was the worst thing that happened to you .
podcasts seemed to be the crazy new thing that brought people to good things come in threes .
the threesome was the best f**king thing of my life up to that point .
that was the last thing i remembered before drifting off to sleep .
` ` well , i guess jake and amanda were leaving the library at the same time one night and one thing led to another . ''
you are so immersed in the music and you really feed off of the energy from the crowd , it 's a really cool thing to see , and i think that they need to see that .
i must have dozed off because the next thing i knew jonathan was gently shaking me awake .
i 'll write up my report first thing and submit it .
the grin he gave her was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen and knocked the air right out of her .
ryan christensen was the best thing that had ever happened to me .
the very last thing i wanted to happen was playing out in front of me .
next thing i knew i was flat on my stomach with wood tangled around my legs , surrounded by men yelling in words i did n't understand .
it was a beautiful thing to witness , and i was so there with him .
it obviously bothered ryan to see them all interacting , although judging by the way kyle glanced around , he seemed bored with the whole thing .
the whole thing had me quite bemused until one of them broke away and made eye contact .
it was such a beautiful thing .
` ` after the kyle thing , it 's pretty obvious why ryan would want you to have a female bodyguard .
next thing i knew , strong arms were surrounding me , his hand gripping the back of my head , burying my face into his chest .
i was glad he stood up to her , but the last thing i ever expected to deal with on this night was finding out that ryan had had sex with two girls at once .
i should have known better ; there was only one thing marie or any of the other women in town felt was newsworthy these days , and it was n't that the mall was having a shoe sale .
sounds like a perfectly good thing to eat right now , right guys ? ''
the only gift i wanted from him was the one thing that his money and fame could never buy - to be my one true love forever .
i ' m not even aware of moving , but the next thing i know i ' m hopping off the carriage and jogging back to meet the girl .
i 'd either forgotten or had n't realized there would be media at this thing .
` ` vampires or whatever , zombies , that kind of thing , no . ''
until the end , when he started to lose it , and then he was powerful and primal , and that was honestly the hottest thing i ' ve ever experienced , the way he flipped me over and positioned me the way he wanted , and just ... took me .
it was just a ... one - time thing .
` ` i know that 's a weird thing to ask , i just - i know her , that girl . ''
caught the whole thing on film . ''
` ` babe , the only thing that hurts is how bad i need you . ''
` ` it 's the most amazing thing i ' ve ever felt . ''
is this an actual thing between us ?
` ` well you see , here 's there thing .
you sat like a rock through the whole thing .
this one was just like the others - i was back in my old house , reliving the whole thing all over again and again .
` ` oh believe me , honey , they are all looking , but the thing you do n't realize is that kane is like a shadow .
not even through clothes , so the closeness of his wet skin touching my skin was the most intimate thing i had ever experienced .
it was n't the most normal thing to fetish over , but hey , some people got off on sucking other peoples toes .
i leave you , go to work and the next thing i know my best friend is telling me he finds you in the middle of the sidewalk crying your eyes out ?
matt is the first good thing to happen to me .
my girlfriends are the second best thing to happen to me since i moved to the napa valley .
` ` you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to me , bryn .
is this a temporary thing or permanent , because i do n't know if my heart can take it , seeing you like this every single day .
` ` bryn james is the best f**king thing that 's ever happened to me and you ruined it .
he pretended as if i 'd just the most scandalous thing in the world .
it 's a life - long kind of thing we have going on . ''
` ` so what 's the thing i ' m supposed to remember from the other night ? ''
the wilco thing ... '' ` ` but she was a high school student .
then he did , calling out my name as i were the best thing he 'd ever felt .
her ` ` the only thing is '' was n't that bad after all .
but acting was his passion , the thing he could n't live without , and so , at age twenty - four , he 'd amassed a couple decent credits , and a few nice gigs , but not a ton of dough .
it 's not as if she was longing for this thing to extend beyond a week anyway .
same thing happens .
so we pass out cards , and chat up guys , and the whole thing has an air of crazy fun , and i suppose it has to , because i know in some ways i have to keep a distance from the reality of it .
this little thing we have going on is a business deal , a promotional partnership .
the second thing i noticed was you were funny .
and the fourth thing i noticed was you had on this cool tee - shirt with a squirrel waterskiing on it .
on monday i will go gershwin and gershwin in my video blog : let 's call the whole thing off .
still , it 's the most romantic thing i ' ve ever seen .
it was the coolest thing ever because i totally feel the same .
` ` this is the best thing that has ever happened to me professionally .
i never doubted for one second that she was eponine , and that 's the toughest thing to nail , but the one thing i want most to see .
` ` of course , '' he says , as if it 's the most normal thing in the world , when it never occurred to me he would .
i want the same thing he wants .
did you really have to watch the whole thing ? ''
her friend may be crude and probably did watch the whole thing , but she was discrete , and would never let anyone know what had happened .
the next thing he 'd know is he was getting married and having kids .
the first thing she heard was tarken shouting .
the second thing was melinda crying .
` ` emma could be the best thing that 's ever happened to you . ''
the next thing aidan knew patrick had yanked him up by his hair and was glaring down at him .
the next thing she knew emt 's had arrived and were putting patrick on a stretcher .
the next thing aidan knew he was being shaken awake .
this sort of thing happened all the time to her favorite heroines the first time they had met their greek billionaires , but mairi had n't expected the very same thing to happen to her .
this sort of thing happened all the time to her favorite heroines the first time they had met their greek billionaires , but mairi had n't expected the very same thing to happen to her .
the next thing she knew , she was on her back with her skirt unzipped and he was pulling it down her legs .
mairi losing her inhibitions with him was one thing , but having the world feast their eyes on her na**d nubile body was another .
` ` s - stop- '' damen 's bleeding hand moved again , so fast that the next thing cleon knew , damen managed to pull the knife out of his hold and throw it away .
the last thing he saw was mairi turning her back on him .
the next thing she knew , she was being whirled around , her body slamming against damen 's lean hard form .
she wanted the same thing , but she just could n't bring herself to reach for him first , seeing it as an act of weakness she could n't afford to make .
damen leventis is - was - and will always be the best thing to happen to your company .
i tried not to smirk when the waiter was talking about the food , but the super - french rolling of the rs and the whole thing was just so damn cute .
rochelle had been going through an experimental phase , dating a bisexual woman , and she and i thought it was the most hilarious thing ever to joke about ` ` tag - teaming '' people .
` ` mom , the thing that happened with my old teacher , mr . colt , was not just the one time . ''
and the weird thing is , smith was trying to tell me , but i was still in denial .
a shitty thing happened to me , but shitty things happen , and we keep going . ''
a shitty thing happened to me , but shitty things happen , and we keep going . ''
because he worked in the world of fiction , where there was no such thing as coincidence , he felt this was a sign .
i got a call from one of those reality tv shows , to be part of a real housewives type of thing .
actually , it 's more of a bullshit thing , but people love to get the story .
funny thing was , i did n't even know if the thorne mansion had a pool !
though it was n't the sort of thing i could tell my mother about , it was honest , and we really were friends .
he did n't respond verbally , but i thought it was the funniest thing .
worse , my mother was going through some sort of uterus - related thing and was a nightmare to be around .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i said , and the next thing i knew , i was crying .
simon and i were swimming over to meet up with you girls , and i saw the whole thing happen .
` ` it was a one - time thing , and we all had a nice time .
it was with his wife 's permission , as they had some sort of open thing in effect , but it was still shocking to recollect .
back in bed , he squeezed me tight and said , ` ` that was the weirdest f**king thing ever . ''
the only thing i should be thinking about was ... '' nick inhaled sharply , his breath stuttering as he and kelly stared at each other .
the only thing it proves is that you were n't there by chance .
` ` if we were n't a thing , you 'd be all over him . ''
` ` i did n't hear a thing , '' hagan claimed , and he reached for the plate of food that was ready .
kelly nodded , unsure of why this simple phone cal , out of everything that had happened in the last few days , was the first thing to truly upset him .
* * * i stretched out in the sun with my chest to the sky and felt that thing beating .
i 'd f**ked him a few hundred times in the past six months , but that finger cruelly jamming into me , with the palm laying against my scalding ass , was the best thing i 'd had in half a year .
` ` the thing with your father ? ''
so , seriously , are you going to this thing tonight ? ''
` ` i 'll let your handsome ass drag me to a black tie thing at l.a . mod .
whatever indefinable thing that was , short - term monogamous relationship , friendly f**kery , exclusive fling , it was not what he had had with jessica .
or did the thing where i felt its presence in my chest .
` ` and we have zero experience doing this kind of thing , so kevin needs a wake up call , too . ''
it 's a stopgap against hospitalizations , drug addictions , that sort of thing . ''
` ` are you going to the collector 's board thing ? ''
some last minute thing to look at property up north , and he saw the girl i ' ve been pushing .
let this be as real as it feels , not some imaginary thing .
the worst thing would n't have been taking margie but monica .
pynchon , that kinda thing .
just tell her i did n't want her to go to the collector 's board thing because my father would be there , and i simply did n't want her near him .
` ` oh , god you missed the whole thing ! ''
` ` that 's the interesting thing .
the last thing i remembered was being in scene with deacon and entering subspace , outside of myself , where pleasure and pain merged .
the last thing i remembered was snorting a line of flake off amanda 's tits .
the last thing i remembered ... what was the last thing i remembered ?
was that the last thing i remembered ?
the last thing ... deacon had gone away .
what was the last thing that had happened ?
this is the last thing you remember ?
` ` the thing with my kid brother . ''
he 'd been behind me , arms crossed , having watched the whole thing in the reflection of the window .
track back to the last thing you remember . ''
` ` we have a thing later tonight . ''
and i got a thing tomorrow . ''
` ` can you go to that thing with jon tonight ?
i was sober for the whole thing .
` ` i have a catholic charities thing thursday , '' he said .
before i could open the paper flap of the card , the second thing happened .
` ` marina and i were a regular thing until a few weeks ago .
it was a security device called the club that had been a big thing in the eighties , when the last owner had bought the car .
michael passed by , a pretty girl on his arm , and said , ` ` no dancing , '' i slapped his arm , but he walked to the dance floor with his new girl as if that sort of thing happened all the time .
he slipped two fingers in me all the way , pressing as if he wanted to get his whole hand in , and i spread my legs as if i wanted exactly the same thing .
if i hear about that fuckin ' thing one more fuckin ' time , i ' m gon na shoot myself . ''
that kind of thing happened .
and since i was in the kitchen , and before that had been babbling and not paying attention , i did n't see john priest watch me through the whole thing , unmoving .
a night that would also be the worst thing that ever happened to me .
another thing it occurred to me right then that i knew about him was that he was observant .
life did n't touch me until i decided to start living it , and the worst thing that 's ever happened to me was what bodhi and heather did , and that 's on them , not on me .
i do n't know what hideous thing happened to you over there except i know it was hideous .
and the last thing i heard before i floated off was his muttered , ` ` love my wild one . ''
do n't you think the same thing is happening to them that 's happening to you ?
i had a feeling with what he did to meg ( and he did do what he said he was going to do to meg , the last thing i heard , she 'd moved to denver , mostly because she had no choice ) , since this was way worse , he was going to take care of this .
it was the most beautiful thing i ever saw .
best thing that ever happened to her .
the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen but you 're too young , baby .
right then , floating on an inner tube on the lazy river at wet ' n ' wild in phoenix , arizona after having a squirt gun fight with creed , brand and kara , which was after we went down copious water slides including one the kids called ` ` the toilet bowl '' which had this kickass swirly thing going on which was after we had lunch which was after we horsed around in the wave pool ...
the only thing i knew , your daddy lied , you were n't happy . ''
we 'd have to be separated , for weeks , maybe even a couple of months with quick visits the only thing breaking our separation .
first thing , i 'll tell him and then i 'll meet you here . ''
this is about you learning i watched that happen to her and then i learned that pretty much the same thing happened to you for six f**kin ' years .
if he did n't , it was a rude thing to assume .
then , softer but still firm , he told me , ` ` i had a man who saw and heard the entire f**kin ' thing that went down with nick .
jeez , the whole thing lasted maybe five minutes .
` ` gray - '' ` ` prettiest thing i ever saw , '' he whispered .
both times for five minutes , two of those minutes in nothing but sequined panties and spike - heeled f**k - me shoes with two huge , feathered fans held around me and no one ever saw a thing .
i remembered everybody , every second in mustang , every person i met , every f**king thing .
i did n't have any experience with this kind of thing .
shim and roan came back after roan 's thing and told everyone about you then roan goes back to vegas all the time and heard you hooked up with a millionaire so you 're the only one we know who 's got the kinda money who could help him out .
whole thing lasted maybe half an hour .
it had been years since i danced but you did n't forget that kind of thing .
for the next hour , i would experience this same thing as folks brought food , pop , beer and equipment but i was surprised to see these folks were not lookee - loos .
finally , he spoke and when he did , it was to whisper , ` ` prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` the prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
i 'll call luci and tell her you had a thing , it 's sorted and we 'll be back in fifteen .
he knows a good thing when he sees it , my love , and you 're right , he 's very likely a man who could have anybody , that is , anybody who is his to have so , being no fool , he made certain not to delay in laying claim to you . ''
the next thing i knew , i was being laid on my bed in the dark .
on the one hand , i was falling in love with sam and if he could grow to trust me , i could grow to trust that maybe the same thing was happening for him too .
the only thing that semi - marred our day was that twice sam got calls where he looked at the display on his phone then took them elsewhere .
i had no experience with this kind of thing .
the only thing i knew , sam would n't share .
but while i was home , one thing i did learn 'cause skip talked to hap , hap made some inquiries and skip , hap and luci were waitin ' for me at the beach house when i got home . ''
this was an odd and slightly rude thing to share so i had no response .
because , this afternoon , i was innocently working and the next thing i knew , i was on my back on my desk .
it did n't feel good to be lied to , that kind of thing never feels good .
` ` but , second , if some great opportunity came my way and i took it and the same thing happened , you would n't stop it .
not tack shouting threats of stereo mutilation but the whole thing .
i got ta tell you , red , there is nothin ' , not one thing in the world worse than puttin ' your hand to the throat of someone you love and ... feelin ' ...
this was true with a slight exaggeration and only half of them were for the party since , when i made them , i doubled the number because i knew this exact thing would happen .
and the first thing tack did was wrap two fingers around his throat .
` ` mitch - '' ` ` actually , that whole thing was funny , '' he replied to my earlier comment .
` ` what was that everyday life thing that you survived ? ''
` ` if it was an everyday life thing that was n't a big deal , why wo n't you tell me ? ''
well , one thing i knew about this , latanya had shared with her cousin about mitch , me , billy and billie .
` ` best thing that ever happened to me , that shredded washer , '' he whispered .
one thing you learn really quickly and really well when that kind of thing happens to you is to be a f**king great actress .
you have to let it go so when you let me in and , baby , '' his hand squeezed my neck , ` ` when i say that , i mean when you let me in , the only thing you feel is me moving inside you and the only thing you see is me likin ' right where i am . ''
and the f**k of it was , i made that sacrifice and the whole thing got f**ked in a bad way , tess , where i had to watch those morons take a good man down and almost take him out .
i did this because , since i saw it and all the times i saw it since , the scene in my big fat greek wedding when ian asked toula out and she immediately answered yes , no games , no subterfuge , exposing straight out she was not only interested but the idea of spending time with him excited her , i thought that was the sweetest thing i ever saw .
nothin ' you did , not one thing , i did n't like and most of it i f**kin ' loved .
this , a thing you shared .
the other big thing that happened was i met rex and joel .
we thought it 'd be cool , we survived the long distance thing my freshman year in arizona , we figured we 'd make it a couple more years .
and everyone knew who she was to me and they knew what he did to her and , right or wrong , all of them , someplace inside them , knew the same thing happened to someone they gave a shit about , they 'd either do what i did or consider it .
and when his eyes hit her shining ones he realized he had not one thing to wish for .
the first thing i saw was the flashlight , not bright , an led .
i had no doubt he was on the cover of the men of the denver police department calendar and i was going out first thing tomorrow to buy one .
it was the most romantic thing i 'd ever seen and we were in a fast food burger joint .
he helped me out of the car , through a door and i knew one thing .
first thing whatever morning it would be when it was safe again to be in my f**king house i was putting a phone in every room .
` ` you know , the funny thing is , i think ginger did it so warn me off .
` ` the thing is what ? ''
the thing was , three weeks ago , i was shopping with elvira and i tried on the valentinos .
and i 'll give you that , late at night , first thing in the morning , anytime .
she 's there first thing in the morning .
this was the only thing anyone enjoyed .
i also used to call for whatever reason - your place or mine , what 's for dinner , this annoying thing just happened and i have to get it off my chest - and he always picked up right away .
to take my mind off that , the second thing i noticed was that max and his crew had gotten a number of windows in .
but the whole thing was just strange .
this was another thing emme now did .
but one thing did n't make sense .
this did n't even get into the fact that it was n't a new thing she liked to party and take a walk on the wild side .
the next thing i knew , i had lips on mine and a tongue in my mouth .
since you and me , uh ... had our thing , dr . dickhead got worse and began to target me .
then it all slid into place , the thing that happened that was priority hit me like a bullet , and i turned woodenly to shy who was also staring at the door , that muscle ticking in his jaw .
the bad thing was tyra turning to the door with a smile then seeing it was me .
but there 's only one thing that can go down now , so if we ca n't negotiate with nightingale , we got a problem . ''
the most beautiful thing i 'd ever experienced .
i watched the whole thing , frozen , with my mouth open .
` ` the thing that business with elliott should have taught you is not what dad says it should have taught you , but that life is way too short to put up with dysfunction like that .
did n't like that it was the same thing every night .
` ` that was what that thing was about in vail , '' i admitted .
after hopper kincaid said those four words , there was one thing i knew with a surety that was astonishing .
` ` i think this all might have to do with , uh ... well , me getting you hurt , feeling guilt about it since you told me to dump eli but also , mostly , that whole thing , '' i waved my hand around , sloshing the wine i held dangerously , so i righted it and finished , ` ` in kansas city . ''
it was one of the most beautiful things i 'd ever seen but also the snow and the underlying quiet mixed with the landscape and the sound of the river rushing by it had to be the most beautiful thing i 'd ever experienced .
then i shared , ` ` you know , the funny thing is , that part does n't hurt .
` ` you happy about this max thing ? ''
the last thing i knew , dinner consumed , beers consumed , three glasses of wine consumed ( all by me ) to max 's displeasure , we moved to the living room with our uninvited guests and a plate full of cookies .
like it was the most natural thing in the world , his arms came around me , his knee went between my legs , my thigh moved to hook over his hip and my arm slid around his waist as i got closer to his warm , solid body .
my father was the last thing on my mind , which was the only fortunate thing that came from the vicious twists and turns of my day .
` ` only thing you got to be sorry for is passin ' out on me last night .
` ` um ... '' ` ` wish i'da been there , shit , just the kami thing , woulda paid money for that .
` ` this kind of thing happens to you , one thing i learned is that you have to give away some of the pain .
sex was usually the last thing anyone did in a horror movie before their life was snuffed out with an axe , hatchet , a glove made out of long , razor - sharp blades or a common kitchen knife .
or she could have set the whole thing up to happen when she was in the house , knowing what was happening with the pi .
max got kind of mad about damon pushing me and taught him a lesson in the parking lot of the bar which , unfortunately , seeing as it was the parking lot of a bar most of the town saw the whole thing .
his boss says he has n't been to work since you and he had your thing and he wants him to come back real bad , mostly so he can fire his ass . ''
a muscle jumped in jeff 's jaw but he stayed silent so max finished , ` ` nothin ' worth havin ' , it ai n't worth fightin ' for even if the thing you got ta fight is the thing you want .
the only good thing to come of it was that i did n't stay in gnaw bone an extra week and max did n't come to england for a couple of weeks ' visit .
` ` the , um ... thing with her hair , '' i explained .
` ` what thing with her hair ? ''
the thing you got ta know before you climb back on the back of his bike is that tate jackson is trash too . ''
i went with her three times a week mainly because i liked spending time with her and tyler was a great trainer , very positive and upbeat and he made the whole thing seem like we were all a team getting prepared to compete in the olympics , but we had to do it together .
` ` i need to rest , i want to be back to check on your father first thing in the morning . ''
` ` the thing you got ta know before you climb back on the back of his bike is that tate jackson is trash too . ''
they were in their own world , they missed the whole thing .
only thing she ever gave me was an orgasm . ''
` ` no offense , honey , you know i like you but the worst thing a woman can hear is another woman , a woman who has a good man , sayin ' she 's sorry about your man . ''
` ` we 'll get him first thing . ''
` ` outside jonas , she 's the best goddamned thing to ever happen to me . ''
* * * * * the first big thing to happen was that tate did n't take jonas back to neeta .
` ` when he asked me to marry him , the first thing i felt was fear , '' i went on .
same thing all around .
they 'd wake up tomorrow and realize they 'd done the one thing that could happen in vegas that did n't stay in vegas .
maybe it was some texas thing .
another thing to add to the list .
i just ... '' my hand at his chest drifted up to curl around his neck and i needed to instigate damage control so i whispered the truth , ` ` it was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen . ''
` ` we had a ... thing , '' i told her quietly .
` ` but , the thing i need my touch up for is tuesday night , '' she told him .
she did n't remember chace 's big thing on tuesday night , no way she 'd remember an appointment with dominic .
the thing you got ta get is the effort is his to make you like him .
i 'd never seen anything like it , i did n't know anyone was into that kind of thing , i did n't actually even know that kind of thing existed and , watching it , i wished i still did n't know .
` ` her last birthday , i brought her up here last thing just like that night , '' tate went on then , ` ` asked her to marry me on her birthday , decided last year this was where she 'd end every one of them from now on . ''
and after a while , i saw the same thing in misty and by the end , for misty , it was even worse .
` ` i ... '' she started , paused then continued , ` ` see , there 's this ... '' she paused again , adjusted her torso in a way where it seemed she was trying to straighten her shoulders but failing as her eyes drifted away and she went on , ` ` the thing is ... '' she trailed off , stopped and he watched as her teeth came back out .
the kinda thing that was happening beats a man down .
chace did n't try to swallow down his chuckles because the whole thing was so f**king hilarious he knew he would n't succeed .
it was an everyday thing , going to the grocery store .
one thing your kid doin ' it , she 's a girl , a pretty one at that , as a parent , you feel you can tell her off for it no matter what her age .
the only surprising and alarming thing with malachi was that mom and dad shared that it seemed he 'd never seen a television set .
` ` they 'll process her , call the local authorities in wyoming and those boys up there will either head out with the news tonight or they 'll wait until first thing in the morning .
` ` losin ' her was the worst thing to happen to me . ''
` ` you do n't forget that kind of thing .
jeremiah had seen the whole thing .
so , just sayin ' , this thing you two got goin ' '' -she put her fist toward her face , extended her index and middle fingers , pointed to her eyes then to ham then back again- '' i ' m watchin ' you . ''
losing you - especially you - is a hard thing to do , ham .
i mean , does this kind of thing happen to other people in the world ?
` ` thing was , he did such a bad job , i ended up looking like i 'd been mauled by a dog . ''
i had no money or idea where i was going , but it was the best thing that happened to me .
every time she came near me , i was the crux of every bad thing that happened to her .
the second life changing thing happened when i threw open the front door .
you did n't have your life turned upside down by an accident only to have that accident be the best f**king thing to ever happen to you . ''
the one thing i hungered for and the one thing i did n't think i 'd ever achieve .
the one thing i hungered for and the one thing i did n't think i 'd ever achieve .
and that was when i felt the strangest , wettest , alluring , disgusting thing of my life .
but the scary thing is , i do n't think i 'd miss a single fucking thing .
but the scary thing is , i do n't think i 'd miss a single fucking thing .
a kiss could very well be the one thing that could shatter the icy wall he hid behind once and for all .
this was the first true thing that 'd happened to me in my entire life .
` ` accepting you was the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
i shrugged as if it was the most natural thing in the world to own a tiny haven .
maybe i needed to stop being so f**king selfish and let her walk away - from me , my life , from every bad thing that 'd happened .
worse than ice : it was dead - sucked into a dream where the only thing she wished for was to die .
the first thing i noticed was the whisk .
seeing you like this , wanting you that way ... it 's the sexiest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the only positive thing was they 'd come for me .
and if you 'd killed her - like i know your sadistic tendencies make you want to - i would ' ve forgotten this whole thing .
they 're going to be the only thing i can think about . ''
` ` when you blush , it 's the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` is this another thing the club does ?
i know it means nothing to you , and this was just a one - time thing .
chapter four dear diary , the most amazing thing happened today .
what just happened was the most amazing thing in my life .
the only thing that had happened was she 'd been the cause of his black eye .
the only thing steven liked was to cause pain on those people he claimed to love .
he kept kissing me , and one thing led to another and bam .
they were the only thing good to come from my life with steven .
her body moulded to him like it was the most natural thing in the world .
he 'd organised the whole thing , and she went along with him .
all she knew was being with julian was the best thing to happen to her .
` ` that 's the good thing , saying words of regret .
` ` out of everything you could say to me you picked up on the cum thing . ''
it was the most erotic thing he 'd seen .
it is the most erotic thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` the next best erotic thing i ' ve seen in my life is watching my c**k sink inside your ass**le . ''
waiting for the next best thing to happen ?
the only thing i did last night was rape you .
` ` will this be a regular thing ? ''
being pregnant and feeling him for the first time and then seeing harry on the ultrasound was the most amazing thing in the world .
she told me to get out , and then one night one thing led to another ; and we became lovers .
` ` opal is the only good thing to come out of our family .
this was the strangest thing to ever happen to her in her entire life .
anyway , one thing led to another , and i slept with her , and we started a relationship .
the only thing he was waiting for was for her to come all over his cock .
cheryl barnes and her sweet boy were the only good things to happen to him since the skulls .
one thing led to another , and we were at a hotel room and i did n't leave until monday morning .
` ` he 's the best thing to happen to me . ''
she did n't know what she was , only that she loved every little thing that he did to her body .
the last thing he expected was to see the man in his home .
she was the best thing to come to him .
another thing to add to the list of things to thank zero for .
` ` best thing that happened to me was meeting her .
those men knew how to party , and toward the end of the night , he 'd f**ked the redhead multiple times before ... shit , he could n't remember a f**king thing .
` ` now that is the f**king sexiest thing i ' ve seen .
the one thing i know is he wo n't let a f**king thing happen to you . ''
nothing happened , not one thing .
it was the only thing nash heard .
the only thing she was thankful for was that she did n't have to watch him f**king the women .
it was the strangest thing to witness but the most pleasurable experience to feel .
being on the other end of his gun was the worst thing ever .
` ` the wax thing did n't go well . ''
and the last thing she was over with was murphy , the backstabbing , lying , betraying bastard who had made her fall for him and then left her like she meant nothing .
tate and kevin had installed security cameras that showed the whole thing .
not the most sensual of kisses , but to cadeon it was the most beautiful thing he 'd had .
` ` but i ' m the best thing that 's ever happened to you .
` ` actually , we ' ve organised for you to leave first thing tomorrow . ''
the look on her face let him know it was n't the worst thing to have happened .
` ` this is the strangest thing that has ever happened to me , '' she said .
the words slipped out , and the next thing i knew , she did n't want me at home .
the one thing he could never risk was losing lacey .
` ` one thing led to another , and we 're standing here waiting for whatever to happen next .
` ` strange thing to forget : ' the woman said .
the only unfortunate thing about it was that vanessa had n't schooled her in one - night - stand etiquette .
another thing to check off my list .
he was the best thing that had ever happened to her , and she was n't going to screw things up .
` ` i saw an article about him in food and wine last month , and not only did they say that he 's the biggest thing to hit the restaurant world since thomas keller , but the man is gorgeous .
even if it was only a couple of square inches on her back through her dress , it was still the most deeply sensual thing that had ever happened to her .
but she did n't have time to dissect that crazy thought , because the next thing she knew , she was lying face down across his lap and her dress was up around her waist .
` ` they work for me too ' she said in a husky voice , and the next thing she knew she was in his arms and he was carrying her out of the kitchen , down a dimly lit hallway .
and then , as if they were n't smack - dab in the middle of a conversation , he did the strangest thing .
` ` actually , the funny thing is- '' she began , but jason did n't want to hear anything she had to say .
especially when he could n't think of one single funny thing about his night so far .
feeling reckless , she said , ` ` the funniest thing happened to me at the reunion last night , '' she began , waiting for her parents to ask her to tell them more .
working to not only convince kate that everything was fine , that she was only imagining dark clouds of danger , but herself as well , emma said , ` ` being with jason again is the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
as far as she could tell , there was one thing jason could n't resist .
` ` good thing you know for her , '' jason said , the irony thick as cream in his words .
she was trying to put her swirling emotions and newly budding happiness into words , when he said the one thing she 'd dreamt of for so long .
the saddest thing , emma now realized as she pulled the large canvas out from behind boxes of old tax records , was that she had n't bothered to hang it up even when steven moved out last year .
for a moment the only thing he could see was the two of them naked and writhing on the table .
and the last thing lily wanted was for travis to think that she actually cared if he had plans to meet another woman while they were in tuscany .
even though he had said she was n't fat - like she 'd believe that in a million years -the last thing she wanted to do was remind travis of how big she was , not when she had the dress on , anyway .
he leaned close to her and said , in a soft voice full of promise , ` ` actually , the same thing happens every time i get near you , too . ''
had it only been one week since he 'd woken up to the one thing he 'd been missing his whole life ?
the next thing she knew they were landing in san francisco and picking up luggage .
janica 's giggles were the last thing she expected to hear .
but one thing had led to another , and she 'd never had the time .
something amazing and wonderful and the best thing that ever happened to him .
and with the real world completely suspended on its axis for one night , it was the most natural thing in the world to look at him and say , ` ` i ' ve always thought you were so beautiful . ''
but later , what struck him as the most amazing thing of all was not that she 'd been able to take all of him and then some .
only , the next thing she knew she was alone in her bed .
` ` the thing is , apart from the obvious , i did something really stupid . ''
as if it were the most normal thing in the world , she sat down on the couch and crossed her legs , completely naked as she looked up at him and waited for him to comply with her request .
and the incredible thing was , even after all of the amazing things he 'd done to her body , his simply holding her hand was the most wonderful thing of all .
it was the most natural thing in the world to dance with her there in the middle of a biker bar to country songs about drinking too much and sleeping with the wrong guy .
it was the most natural thing in the world to sit down on a blanket in front of the fire with janica between his legs , her back pressed to his stomach , his arms around her , holding her tight .
but the thing is , i do n't think i ' ve ever been able to see all the way through his .
the only thing that would have made it better is if his brother had tipped the chair over and landed flat on his ass .
the last thing she remembered was putting her head on her desk at the clinic , just thinking she needed to rest her burning eyes for a moment .
that was the most erotic thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he told her , his hands stroking her bare arms up and down .
after the whole thing ended ? ''
` ` the last thing you remember happened a week or two before you disappeared . ''
` ` funny thing , though ... '' he started and then trailed off , looking like he was contemplating something .
this whole thing just seems so unusual .
there is no such thing as eating only what you think you deserve and going hungry in this house .
what just happened was the most incredible thing i ' ve ever felt in my life .
god , that was the most astonishing thing of the whole afternoon .
and he was disappointed that you never gave him a child , '' her foster mother answered , as though it were natural for such a thing to happen .
` ` when i thought i was going to die , the only thing i really regretted is that i never told you how i felt about you .
rifling through her dresser drawer , desperate to find another pair of black hose , the only thing she came up with was an ultra - thin pair of stockings and a black garter belt .
watching you come is the most satisfying thing i ' ve ever seen , '' travis said huskily in her ear as he nuzzled the side of her face .
it was the hottest thing she 'd ever seen , and travis 's desire for her was overwhelming her .
there was no such thing as a shotgun wedding anymore , and she had to have been willing - probably because she had always wanted jason so desperately .
she did look up , not to remind herself of who she was with , but because watching him take her was the most erotic thing she 'd ever seen .
uh , so i started working for a fortune 500 company , married my boss , got knocked up - you know , the usual thing . ''
that was the other thing i just could n't get together .
` ` it was n't the worst thing ever .
` ` but that 's a thing , is n't it ?
despite her nakedness , it was n't blatantly sexual ; strictly speaking , the staging was almost platonic , but it was still the most erotic thing i 'd ever seen in my life .
` ` was this whole thing just a ploy ? ''
the whole thing started because i was browsing amazon while drunk .
he folds his arms across his chest , and it 's probably the most terrifying thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
there 's one thing i did n't realize about silky underwear .
` ` every day , i ' m going to call you into my office first thing .
maybe the cover models did something really crazy after i left , and eclipsed the whole thing .
chapter eleven one thing i failed to notice , when i went over the schedule , was that the big send - off party at the conference had a theme .
it 's been a week since austin , i ' m just starting to wonder if the whole thing was some kind of insane fever dream .
it 's some seasonal new harvest thing . ''
awe was a light and airy thing inside her chest .
` ` good thing i ' m not a debutante , then , '' she whispered in his ear , her hot breath sending every last drop of blood straight south .
the same thing has happened at each home i ' ve lived in .
` ` it 's an amazing thing to see . ''
i always have , and to see him hurt , because of me , is n't an easy thing to witness .
sometimes , for some people , there 's no such thing as a happily - ever - after .
there was no escaping her jealous clutches and i felt like now that our wedding had a date and was n't some far off thing , she 'd amped up her efforts to win him back .
not to diminish his story ; it was a terrible thing that happened to him .
the thing is , her version of ' i ' m sorry ' includes taking over . ''
that i was dumb enough to think that it was just a one - time thing .
the only thing that made it worth listening to was that they had a child .
and then the leg thing in the shower .
he pulled me back forward , his gaze locked between my legs like it was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
` ` the thing is , when she said that he told her he loved her , i got this feeling . ''
` ` and it 's been one thing after the other since then . ''
questions and fragments of conversation swirled around me and the beating thing in my throat shot past the heart shaped hole in my chest right down to the cement .
the tourists and museum goers around us chirped and bustled , but the only thing i heard was ' bdsm ' echoing over and over .
it was probably cliche and the last thing i 'd ever expect to so believe was possible , but he awakened things in me .
his mouth opened and closed and in his eyes i saw the absolute last thing a woman wanted to see in the eyes of a man she 'd just poured her heart out to .
logan was gentle , and when i chanced a peek at his eyes , i saw the last thing i was expecting .
it was the smallest of gestures , but it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` the thing that hit me like a cinderblock to the chest , was fear . ''
if my ascent was magical , a high that nothing else compared to , crashing back to earth was the thing that nightmares were made of .
the collision of pain and pleasure was the catalyst , the thing that i craved .
delilah was more than some looming thing that i struggled to ignore .
i wo n't play into her hand and have one more terrible thing for my kid to see or read about their father one day . ''
she let out the tiniest moan , a deep and vibrating thing , pushing her ass back against me .
those big blue eyes would be wondering what kinky thing i had in store .
but melissa was proof there was no such thing as normal .
` ` what a terrible thing to do to you , '' she clucked her tongue unhappily .
what bad thing was alicia and jacob covering up ?
so tender and so soft and a thousand different things that courses right down my belly to the nub within my pu**y , and i feel a flower of desire open up in me .
after all , she did deck him a good one for something he did when he was an immature fourteen - year - old who was too angry with his alcoholic father who took out his booze - soaked rages on him by whupping his ass and his mother who stood by and watched the whole thing but did nothing .
you orchestrated the whole thing , '' she accuses .
and some part of me wondered that too ... if i 'd dreamt the whole thing .
the only thing is he 's going to need some money .
there is , of course , the possibility of her staging the whole thing - ` ` she pauses .
the whole thing stinks of a setup , not that he has time to mull over the new evidence .
there 's only one thing he is sure of .
holding her felt like the most natural thing in the world .
` ` what i feel is more than a passing thing .
-11- the first thing nolan realized was his head was splitting ; the second was the sound of shannon 's voice penetrating the drunken fog .
in this nolan had no trouble beaming from ear to ear , saying , ` ` brother , it 's the best thing that has ever happened to me .
he turned the lock and returned to her , his smile the scariest thing she 'd ever seen .
and if there was one thing he did n't abide - it was being used .
` ` because i ' m not that guy anymore who revels in the kind of thing that happens at malvagio and i think it 's time to distance myself from it . ''
he did n't have much experience - okay , he did n't have any experience with this sort of thing - but he was starting to think that maybe a trip to the hospital would be a good idea .
i ' m sorry , i ' m sure you 're very talented but i ' m just not into this ... you know , type of thing . ''
but one thing she knew for sure ...
it 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever experienced . ''
they 'd forgiven her but would there always be this terrible thing between them ?
maybe she was being a silly twit for even hoping such a thing was possible but she was n't going to stop now .
so yeah , we were guilty of a lot of things but you ca n't place the blame completely on our shoulders . ''
and honestly , she 's the best thing that ever happened to me so , little brother , i say we let the past rest .
` ` skyler ... '' ` ` i intended for tonight to be a onetime thing , but i ' ve changed my mind .
skyler was the best thing that had ever happened to him .
his breath hitched , and the joy that flooded his gaze was the most wondrous thing she 'd ever seen .
the next thing he knew , darcy threw her arms around him , stood up on her tiptoes , and kissed him .
the last thing darcy wanted to do was tell him how she felt by screaming over a deafening dance beat .
she 's got a body that wo n't quit , sure , but there 's this whole pollyanna thing going on .
the moment of admiration was brief , though , because the next thing she knew carson was covering her body with his .
we do n't do this kinda thing too much anymore . ''
of course , one good thing had come out of the break - up , but she was n't allowed to think about that either .
` ` if i do n't hear from will tonight , i ' m calling him first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` it 's an annual thing . ''
the last thing she wanted to do was see will and holly , arms around each other , secret smiles , kisses ... oh god , she did n't even want to imagine them kissing .
she spent the entire night downing margaritas and talking about what a jerk you were for ending things , then she cried , then ... well , then there was the vomit thing , and finally she went to bed . ''
because for her , it was a one - time thing .
` ` and the thing about ... um ... jane ? ''
` ` it was just a one - night thing , '' annabelle added .
cash 's c**k started right up in response , his balls aching so badly he wondered if there was such a thing as a testicle migraine .
first thing tomorrow , he 'd call jen and arrange for a repeat performance of tonight - one that would n't get interrupted .
it was the sweetest thing ever . ''
` ` when is his work transfer thing happening ? ''
first thing tomorrow , she was confronting her brother , and he 'd better have a damn good explanation .
next thing he knew , his friend 's hand slid beneath the waistband of his boxer briefs and ... yup , dylan 's fingers were wrapping around his shaft .
` ` this is the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life , '' jen choked out .
it was the most erotic thing she 'd ever seen in her life , and a second orgasm promptly blew through her , so powerful she sagged back in the chair , gasping for air .
` ` it 's the most bizarre thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
next thing cash knew , becker was barreling toward them , a surprising spring to his step .
she quickly told him about the phone call with rick martin , and the next thing she knew , she was in cash 's arms .
` ` same thing happened to me with matt . ''
` ` it 's funny , i was so worried about you taking advantage of her , but now i ' m starting to think you might be the best thing that 's ever happened to her . ''
the next thing she knew , annabelle lunged across the center console and nearly suffocated her in a tight hug .
next thing dylan knew , he was being thrown over the low railing separating the patio from the alley behind it .
one thing led to another and ... '' seth shrugged .
` ` his name is seth , and he does n't come by because there 's no such thing as bring - your - fling - to - work day . ''
feeling the hard ridge of aidan 's erection rubbing against his thigh was the hottest f**king thing on the planet .
next thing she knew , seth 's strong arms came around her and he pulled her into his chest .
` ` i have that carnival thing tonight , remember ? ''
but ... oh sweet lord , shock and confusion aside , this might actually be the hottest thing she 'd ever seen in her life .
you and me ... we do n't really get along , and then there was that whole visit thing and ... you know , what you saw at my place ... which you never brought up again , and i ' m really grateful for that , by the way- '' ` ` oh for the love of god , '' she interrupted .
everything seemed to be spinning as she made her way down the hall , so the first thing she did when she entered the living room was collapse in the black recliner before the floor gave way under her feet .
so now let 's get you nice and settled in your room , and i can go back to enjoying the football ga- '' he did n't get to finish that sentence , because the next thing he knew , claire was grabbing him by the front of his wifebeater and forcing his head down for a kiss .
he had no answer for that , but there was one thing he did know - he did n't want claire to go yet .
` ` what- '' she did n't get to finish her sentence , because the next thing she knew , he yanked his t - shirt over his head and tossed it aside , then shoved his sweatpants down his legs .
the kiss lasted for several more seconds , then broke off abruptly , and the next thing she knew , aidan was sitting next to her on the bed .
it was a full - body orgasm , the most intense thing she 'd ever experienced in her life , and each time she thought it was over , another wave of pleasure shuddered through her .
` ` it was just an occasional thing , '' aidan said sheepishly .
next thing you 'll tell me , you 're screwing him too . ''
even dylan 's mother accepted the arrangement , which was the most surprising thing of all .
now , the thing that 's really going to suck ?
` ` that was a thing of beauty , '' aidan agreed .
tell me about this seal thing . ''
chuckling , jackson slid his hands down to her waist , and the next thing she knew , she was being led backward to the shadowy strip of gravel between the two trucks .
` ` we play a game on friday against the devils , then this charity game on saturday as a joint fundraiser type of thing . ''
` ` i did n't encourage a thing .
i am instantly remorseful of only one thing .
i have a meeting first thing this morning and i ca n't be late because i ' m pretty sure alex will be sitting in .
and apparently , because of a little thing called karma , your mom has had some sort of reaction . ''
the last thing i need is priscilla knowing that i know what she 's doing .
marchant 's guy , dave , captured the whole thing on film , proving that , for now at least , the bad guys have no idea that we are onto them .
i arch my brow , roll my window down , and dump the glass out , and priscilla laughs like it 's the funniest thing she 's ever seen .
i know i can , because there is one thing i remember clearly .
it takes me a long time to go to sleep , and i remember the last thought i have before i shut my eyes is ' i hope i sleep through some of the awkwardness of tomorrow ' , followed by ' i do n't want to miss a thing with cross ' .
the first thing i think is something important happened , but for that first minute , i ca n't remember what .
it 'll be a one - time thing .
and the crazy thing is , when i ' m with her , i ' m not that kind of guy .
the weirdest thing that happens in the first forty - eight hours is that my mom visits .
that 's the last thing i remember clearly before waking up on my bed a day and a half later .
the hardest thing , i think , is sister mary carolina .
i do n't understand , but the one thing i know for sure is i do n't have all the details .
i widen my watery eyes at him - a random thing i do sometimes when i ' m not sure what to say - and he pushes his palm back through his hair .
i want to know every single thing that 's happened .
when he pulls away , the smile on his face is the sweetest thing i ' ve ever seen .
it 's that kind of thing .
* suri the first thing i think : there 's something wrong with him .
i should leave , because this guy is obviously , i do n't know - i guess the only obvious thing is that he 's bad news - but instead i lean my exhausted body against the sink .
the last thing i imagine before the curtain falls on everything is suri dalton .
which is a f**king weird thing to think .
i think that 's the worst thing , '' i whisper .
she had this church thing in the afternoons , and it was over and she wanted me to come see her .
but the thing i thought about most was that joshua had figured out a way to spend six months with me .
the next thing i felt was joshua tying my hands together to the neck of the massage table .
maybe it was a group thing and everyone goes together in a caravan .
i am assuming we will have a meeting on this first thing monday morning ? ''
yeah , they had a photo and yeah , that building did burn down but there was a long way between one thing and the other and it was circumstantial at best .
there had been more cameras in mr . stone 's office than mr . black had known about and the whole thing had been captured in glorious high - definition full color .
` ` and here 's the thing .
she might have lost her claim to the moral high ground the moment she 'd let lucien touch her , but this thing of dan 's ... it was different .
sophie swallowed , because she 'd been imagining the same thing .
he could hardly make a scene about it with maria , but sophie 's silence could only mean one thing .
watching her give in to her body 's desires was just about the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen , far better than porn made for the purpose .
he had nothing to offer sophie in terms of promises or commitment , and there were n't cutesy tags to apply to this thing happening between them .
maria just ... we 'd had a drink , she ... she kissed me , and one thing led to another , '' he finished in a rush .
trouble was , he craved her body in a way that made him selfish and unreasonable , and the only thing that eased the hunger was being inside her ... but even that was n't enough .
lots of kids in the pool , that kind of thing . ''
` ` so , this thing you ' ve got going on with kara ... '' lucien said , changing the conversational course once more and leaving his sentence there for dylan to make of it whatever he wanted .
not such a bad thing to have been found out after all , dylan reflected .
after that , we did more and it became a regular thing .
the same thing happened to elroy whenever he entered another man 's body .
meeting nice , decent people is the only thing that blows my mind .
the next thing elroy knew he was on his back with his sweatpants off and his legs wrapped around jeremy 's waist .
` ` this is a big thing , '' evan said .
when he stepped back to make sure it was straight , he felt a hunger pang and realized he did n't have a thing to eat in the house .
the last thing he needed to hear was some idiot trying to figure out his life when he still had n't figured anything out yet himself .
i figure if i stop thinking about them and start thinking about a job in an office , the same thing will happen . ''
the saddest thing of all was treston knew if he did go out and tell dare the truth , dare probably would n't have believed him anyway .
and it was usually the biggest assholes who liked that kind of thing the most .
he never thought he would admit to himself being left naked at lake mead had n't been the worst thing that had ever happened to him .
` ` i ' m messengering the portfolios of three men over to you first thing in the morning .
david had lost track of the number of times he 'd thrown away empty bottles and brought christian aspirin first thing in the morning , and it looked like he 'd be doing it again tomorrow .
i missed seeing your face first thing in the morning , and i want that to be the first thing i see every morning and the last thing i see at night . ''
he 'd heard someone order it on tv and it was the first thing that popped into his head .
the last thing he expected to see was richie standing in the middle of his living room , completely naked , waving his big floppy dick .
i could barely see a thing .
there was a strange thing happening in the church .
what ever bad thing awaited her on the other side of that yellow police tape was n't worth seeing .
so , this kind of thing is normal around these parts , then ?
honey , you were the best thing that ever happened to us .
that was nt the kind of thing one kept a secret .
mom agreed to have the party at our house , and she took it a step further by insisting that we have the whole thing catered .
and in that instant , the most amazing thing happened to me .
this was the biggest thing that had ever happened to me .
and when i make him laugh hard , to the point of him falling over hysterically , it is the best thing ever .
the same thing happened the following night , and the night after that .
one thing i know for sure ?
it 's the hottest thing that ever happened to me .
the whole thing lasted only a few minutes .
that is all the reassurance he needs because the next thing i feel is sebastian thrusting inside me , hard and fast .
chapter eleven the day speeds by and the next thing i know it 's six oclock and time to get ready for dinner with sebastian .
that was the last thing i remembered about that day .
it is completely and totally the most erotic thing i have ever experienced .
then we decided to be friends and that night , in your bedroom , was the hottest thing i have ever experienced .
` ` i 'll call her tonight and call ms . iverson first thing tomorrow morning and see if its too late to change my flight plans . ''
at first he was flattered by all of the attention , but now he was just sick of the whole thing .
she must have fallen asleep because the next thing she knew ben was sitting on the coffee table watching her .
his croatian accent was always stronger first thing in the morning , just as she remembered .
police involvement , media , that kind of thing .
i felt those weak pathetic tears forming in my eyes and i tried to turn away so angus would nt see me crying , but next thing he was there , lifting my chin with his long fingers , and smiling down at me , and enfolding me in his arms , and all my fears evaporated .
next thing she was standing by my old wardrobe in fergus t - shirt and boxer shorts looking for something to wear , heartbreakingly lovely .
she had nt noticed a thing ; she must have been in a really deep sleep .
seeing was scary - to spot this type of thing would shock her to death .
she sat up straight in her chair and confessed , ana , there 's one thing i did nt tell you about lucas .
would he be seeing the same thing as her ?
she had to be sincere : the thing was she had nt asked her heart if she was being honest with herself .
and the only thing she had done was hold hands with lucas .
marina did nt believe in such thing , but it was best not to let her friend down .
the strangest thing was , when he looked at me , i felt i could nt breathe .
you re the best thing that happened to me , answered lucas .
the last thing she remembered was being pierced by a sword .
he had an expression of ecstasy , as if he had seen the most beautiful thing ever .
point is , that type of thing wo nt happen again .
this is the best thing i ve ever felt and i never want it to end .
stephen has been called into an early board meeting first thing tomorrow , and there s no way we can make it there and back in twenty - four hours without killing ourselves .
the last thing was nt a request , he says .
i m completely consumed by my shrink session and the fact that amy invited my mom and stephen to christmasa horrifying thing to think about , especially after the thanksgiving fiasco .
emilys gaze returned to mine , and i implored her to side with me , to not let him take the blame for one more thing that had gone wrong .
` ` yeah , and a ... there is this thing coming up next month . ''
` ` yeah , like an annual city wide fireman 's ball thing .
idiots who hit girls with their jewel slipped back , and tried to get her balance , but the last thing she remembered was him smirking at her as her head hit the floor again .
each time , it was the same thing .
the funny thing is , colin has always been happy knowing he would nt have that responsibility .
he did nt have a set appointment , but usually tried to stop by during the early afternoon , and then again last thing at night .
that kind of thing would be in those medical texts he read .
what a thing to happen , she heard charles say , and on christmas eve of all days .
the only thing different this year was she was able to sit at the table and eat with everyone else .
it was the only thing he looked forward to at the time .
he was certain his request would be denied , and he might be reprimanded , but no such thing occurred .
but the thing is next week , and working eight hours a day is not going to do , so i decided to take some of this home .
i do nt like listening to some teacher chat on and on about some boring thing or another .
i ve seen this sort of thing before .
this sort of thing happened before ... with his mother .
that sort of thing was frowned upon , but in her case , people would be more understanding .
ill return the manuscript first thing tomorrow , i promise .
actually , there is one good thing that came out of that incident .
the only thing wrong is that we need a new couch .
i decided to watch some of it , and i got so into it that i did nt realize how long i had been there until the thing was over .
after all , you and father went through the same thing .
it was an amusing thing to watch .
i entered my cul - de - sac , and the first thing i noticed was the petersons mailbox .
i have to work tomorrow , and you have the frisbee thing in the afternoon .
he smiled , and the weirdest thing happened .
one thing you re going to learn is that st . james is like a one - man army .
for thinking you can take him from me , maliina snarled , and the next thing i knew i was airborne .
the funniest thing is i begged him to let you die .
i think you re mom would like to help us about this thing i caught the scent of myrtle .
it is a feeling that makes us calm and piece when there s a bad thing love happens when god wanted it will turn you into an angel from being a devil .
its a wonderful thing that i do nt want to end .
another unexpected thing had happened that night .
but that s not the thing that happened .
forever with you , yhanna rose ps : i love you and i will never forget the simple things we had .
come on , this is the kind of thing people who are dating do together .
well see how things go tonight and well talk first thing tomorrow .
okay baby , ill be back with some food for you , he said , kissing my cheek , it was the last thing i remembered before i went to sleep .
she 'll probably jump right in and tell you every embarrassing thing she remembers . ''
` ` just a few hours ... and i swear if they think they can get away with going somewhere without us again , they have another thing coming .
and took notes on every little thing .
why could nt we get up early and go first thing ?
yeah , that whole thing is odd .
kids will talk about seeing a group of women in the forests , or someone finds a burnt circle that kind of thing .
she told me , just be ready , and then she smiledbut it was the worst thing i d ever seen .
and i think they just figure the nell and amber thing ran its course .
i know it seems impossible , but , its the only thing that s real to me .
jumping with the scare , i must have cleared the ground and convulsed at the same time , but the thing that had people looking my way was my high - pitched scream .
then the littler dude stepped up , smiling like the whole thing was some big joke .
i let her open the champagne , pour two glasses , and we sat in the living room to live out 1946 when this kind of thing was normal .
where each of us lived , what places we liked , things that were different , things we missed or did nt .
now that i knew tys crowd was into this sort of thing , i just had to make sure candace called me when they came here againwithout william .
first thing i noticed was a look of shock on ty and candaces faces .
she had helped me heal from the dusty thing , she was my shoulder to cry on for the william thing , and she was always around to cheer me up , or just hang out .
she had helped me heal from the dusty thing , she was my shoulder to cry on for the william thing , and she was always around to cheer me up , or just hang out .
it could ve been last night that he held me close after the dusty thing , promising safety with the warmth of his body .
the anticipation of the great and wonderful things that were bound to take place during his college years was desecrated by the cool reception that jon received upon his arrival on campus .
we 'll need time to get the whole thing organized and to give people time to rsvp .
` ` the only thing you are guilty of dennis is being nave .
janet smiled to herself , her initial suspicion confirmed : mrs . chapman had set the entire thing up .
she had imagined the entire thing .
` ` but first , can we please talk about that thing i mentioned ? ''
when buddy opened his eyes in the recovery room , the first thing he saw was mandy smiling down at him .
the last thing before getting into bed , she walked to the barn to meet with max before he rode out to watch the loading dock .
the last thing she remembered was the feel of buddys hand gently rubbing her back .
another thing , the sheriff said , after i told the cattlemen 's association about the possible cattle theft , they offered a generous reward for the arrest and conviction of the rustlers .
funny thing that .
the first thing i knew was when tom rang me last year to say that his father had died , but by then he had already been cremated .
first thing the next morning a taxi pulled up outside the front door and rosita and her sister got out .
the first thing i saw , when i was able to get my hair smoothed down and out of my face , was a tiny blue - black ball of fur , hurtling toward me and wagging furiously .
then i helped a friend from milan get into modeling here in chicago when i got back , and one thing led to another .
you expect me to go sober to this thing ?
i see you sometimes , and i want to be the one who makes you laugh until you do that snort thing you ca nt control .
the most amazing thing was that he had enjoyed the service life and over the years he had worked his way up to the rank sergeant .
it was turning out to be the best thing that had happened to him since arriving back in stowmarket , and at least it got him out of that house and the clutches of the females that surrounded him within its close confines .
that just about capped off a good night out for him , about the only thing that has nt happened so far tonight was an earthquake .
` ` janice tells me that he has been known to hit you , and that is the last thing i would want to happen to you especially if i have caused the problem . ''
however , he also knew that it would get her going , especially as it was first thing in the morning , when she was usually not at her best .
however , one thing led to another and they started caressing each other in the bathroom , considering that matthew had never had sex or slept with maureen before , and to date the furthest he had gone with her was just a little fondling .
the one thing that matthew did know was that as far as making love to her in the future , well that was definitely out of the question and the thing they had going was now over for good .
it was becoming a regular thing for him and at this rate if he was not careful he d be responsible in breaking up half the town 's marriages .
that kind of thing puts every one of the blooded at risk .
my goodmother has seen the thing we seek , he continued , and his words did nt really matter .
no better thing to fall asleep than shakespeare .
it was not a hardy thing , life .
she did n't want the same thing to happen to paul .
the one thing i had n't anticipated was that the hell - damned dagger would come out of its sheath as he pulled it up .
the only thing that came out of ciscos joining the choir group was him turning into the butt of jokes .
well , at least that s one thing that s worked out , i mumbled .
the only thing that broke the silence was alex as he began to speak again .
i thought for a moment and the thing i decided to start on was carly being pregnant .
i m sure carlys news was nt the only thing .
the only thing that broke my train of thoughts was him sliding his shirt on .
i sat there and an evil smile formed on my face as i thought about the one thing he had nt planned for .
in the back of his head , he knew exactly what was going on , he could have stopped you and just drank your blood , but he decided to let the bond thing happen .
the thing is , if jesse ever has the blood bond with anyone else , that s when it ll drop off of me .
death is nt always a thing to be mourned , its not an ending , its a new beginning .
yes , i mean , i think its this huge thing but when i look around , no one else gets scared like this , do they ?
i forgot all about my exciting plans and i laid my lips on his and one thing led to another .
when our plane began to board people , alex and i had our tickets scanned and then we walked into the tunnel thing .
the only thing that stopped my imagination from flowing was the car stopping , we were now at my grandmothers house .
the only other thing that really happened in the last ten days was sammy , he had developed a crush on me , so to speak .
i was still seeing things , maybe one thing every two or three days but that was it .
the most uncomfortable thing was throwing up in a public bathroom .
bruce and dan had planned on every possible thing that could go wrong and everyone was fine .
the man we talked to , he was a hybrid like scott and he did nt know why the whole memory thing happens .
the only thing that made him open his eyes was the sound of my phone ringing .
as they were walking , a peculiar thing happened .
not really , i went home to take a nap and the next thing i know , i saw bruce shoving a knife into my heart .
the next thing i knew , jenn was in scotts arms and her lips were pressed against his .
we prepared for every possible thing that could go wrong so we had a backup plan for it all .
so , instead of looking into my whole family history , i then looked into alexs history and you know what the strangest thing was ?
the only thing that broke our silence was the sound of someone clearing their throat .
well see you first thing tomorrow .
the last thing gracie saw in her rear - view mirror was old eb standing in the middle of the road with simon chase 's blood money dangling from his fingers like a flag of surrender .
it was like being welcomed into a magic place where only good things happened and she hated to see it end .
she looked like she did n't believe such a thing was possible .
guys hated that kind of thing .
the only thing that would piss him off more than that would be if noah found himself a minimum wage job right there in town .
the most amazing thing of all was that nobody knew about them .
the saddest thing of all was that he would do it again in a heartbeat for the chance to spend his life with mona webb taylor .
that kind of thing never happened to gracie .
the funny thing was , she did n't miss the place .
first the grownups yelled at each other , then they yelled at her , and then the next thing she knew her bags were packed and she was on her way to another new house where the people did n't really want her .
` ` i mean , it 's only the most romantic thing anybody 's ever seen around here . ''
she 's the one good thing to happen to me since i lost you . ''
i told him i loved you , that i would make you happy , that you were the best thing that ever happened to me .
was the same thing happening to elanna , or was she reacting to echos terror ?
we repeated the cycle three times , and the same thing happened each time .
what s the first thing you saw when you looked at me ?
the only thing worse than me becoming a cheerleader is becoming a cheerleader on the same squad as summer .
and the only thing worse than that would be summer being captain of that squad .
she s been sitting with us at lunch once in a while over the past week or so , which is not an unusual thing for her .
in fact , the only thing i continue to notice at all is the sound of my dad weed - eating outside .
as far as i m concerned , this is the one good thing turning sixteen has delivered so far -- the age at which my parents allowed me to date .
* * * the very next thing i remember is slowly opening my eyes in a well - lit room .
the very first thing to consume my thoughts , of course , is the accident .
no matter how the whole thing goes , ill be here for you .
a reality that was nt all roses and sunshine , and earth - shattering make - out sessions and exciting basketball games and things like that .
we gaze at each other briefly and the next thing i know , i m straddling him on the bench and our lips are locked together .
the music is now muffled as it blares through the dividing wall , and the first thing i notice is the tall , skinny door guy leaning over with his elbows on the bar , adjusting his glasses and staring at a laptop , along with three other guys -- two of them asian -- and two girls , one of them looking like summers older sister based on summers description .
summers been really fantastic about this whole thing .
i nod twice , then the next thing i know i m grimacing , and my forehead hits his chestthen the floodgates open .
the next thing we know , our plates are empty .
i was also wishing i could rip my genius out of my brain through my ear and just start this whole existence thing all over again from scratch , when i saw the door open and summer walk in with the hall pass in her hand .
the next thing i knew , he was trotting in my direction , alert and staring me down .
what s your favorite thing to eat ?
i made a mental note that it would come in handy with a little one around , since you never knew what cute or funny thing they d do next that just had to be recorded .
and becausebecause that thing happened last night with that fireman .
cam only understood one thing .
the neat thing is that , if we listen to that little voice inside us , and that s him speaking to us , well know where we should be .
i brushed my hair down ; i applied a small amount of make - up , which was an unusual thing for me .
i said , but feeling giddy with adrenaline , brandon chuckled just when i thought i was the best thing that s ever happened to you .
janie clapped her hands and mom just stared at me then she looked like she was going to cry , aw my little girl is growing into a young woman , next thing you re out of high school , then college , then you ll start a career , get married she said and i smiled whoa slow down there mom , i m only going to turn 17 .
i decided to cut to the chase , not bothering to sit down though the weirdest thing happened to me earlier in the day , i was told that i can wield some magic with my necklace .
i ca nt afford to have the same thing happen to you .
the only thing was to just say it .
and the funny thing is that now i wish that i had taken a shot at him .
she might have only known him for a few minutes , but she had the feeling that a smile from john ryman was a rare thing .
i- her voice broke and the next thing she knew he had taken the half a step to bring them together .
i helped get the one guy off tom , but his friend came for me with that knife ... next thing i know , the guy is laying across a chairback screaming .
it was small , hometown boy decided to make a business type of thing , but in the past year , he d sold it to a big name company .
i needed to give him a key or something , because this heavy beating on the door thing was getting old .
the courthouse came into view and my heart started that fluttering thing it did when i saw francesca .
i m really glad you found those other women that had the same thing happen .
there s this thing tomorrow he gives me a pained look .
i m going to this art thing .
i ca nt except somehow the only thing i ca nt do is say no to this man .
except for that one thing lewis mentioned luke , i say , can i ask you a question ?
my intention was to tell her first thing in the morning , but she was half an hour late .
i wanted to give you your space and all , but the thing is that i hold my breath , waiting for his big confession of his love .
the thing is , he goes on , my dad died last night .
everyone is debating whether or not its a good thing that the elder thayer died .
i had nt really thought this out , but jason and i were best friends , so it seemed like an obvious thing for best friends to help each other out with .
did you force me to this thing because shane asked you to ?
autumn knew mia wanted a family of her own one day , and part of autumn dreaded such a thing happening , as it would mean shed end up alone .
maybe i ve been asleep for the last three days and i ve dreamed this whole thing .
strangely , she no longer felt embarrassed about his nudity , as though watching such an intense , painful , unbelievable thing had somehow taken their intimacy to a new level .
pain spiked through her scalp as she tore free , her hair unraveling from the knot shed so carefully styled first thing that morning , leaving her curls hanging around her face .
the events of almost ten years ago had been the final straw for blake , the thing that had finally caused him to turn his back on their family and leave for good .
she felt drawn to them , to both of them , and she could nt not watch this extraordinary thing that was about to happen .
the thing happening before her eyes was nt even supposed to exista thing of myths and fairy tales , but she could nt deny what was right in front of her .
its not an emergency , per se , but we umwe sort of had a thing going , if you know what i mean .
yes , i am still seeing the same thing , madame says , and i return my focus to her and the crystal ball .
a weeks no - contact later , i also discover that he recorded the whole thing .
the only thing a sex video will get us is misery .
neil bursts out laughing at my reaction and i momentarily forget all my embarrassment because watching him laugh is the best thing i ve ever seen in my entire suckass life.it 's almost like watching a trick birthday candle.a sparkle shoots up in his eyes and his cheeks heat up as he presses his broad hands down on his stomach .
it actually feels like the most natural thing in the world .
yeah , thing is i m not four .
if this were a universe where such a thing was even possible .
a painful thing to watch .
and just like before , its a beautiful thing to witness .
looking through a few shots , i have to admit itdoeslook like a sexy thing to have .
i had always read , heard about sex and wondered.would it be this awesome thing to experience like everyone made it out to be ?
one thing led to another , you know how it goes when there s sunshine , champagne and that nice little picnic blanket without another soul around for nicolas , catherine objected lightly , her voice totally at odds with the steel grip she used to push his arm away .
that is quite a story , but i do nt understand one thing .
whether you believe it or not , you are the best thing that has ever happened to me , so just deal with it !
look at how many lifetimes you lived , did you ever envision such a thing ?
we will be back first thing tomorrow .
it seemed like a sure thing to find someone who d lived in a small town for sixteen or more years , but neither of us spoke of what we would do if we did nt find anyone .
the two courts are always on the brink of war and the only thing that brought the queens together were the birth of the twins meant to rule over them and their decision to stop them .
what s the last thing you remember before you ended up here ?
the first thing i noticed was that it looked sort of chilly out here , but i was nt cold .
that is the creepiest goddamn thing that has ever happened to me .
that s the mostbeautiful thing he pressed a finger over my lips before i could finish the v for vendetta quote and returned the smile , though it was weak around the edges .
the same thing i wanted before , my dear .
you may think me a monster , but if you were honest with yourself you would realize that my monstrosity just might be that thing you have been searching for .
so if the same thing were happening to me and i told you to just back off and forget about it , what would you say ?
some ghosts picked up on the odd phasing thing quickly while others , often children , took some work .
i have endured unspeakable things in this place , but i worry she will endure worse .
i could nt get through the entire thing .
welltruthfullythe best thing to come out of my screwed up marriage is lily .
well , that was a romantic thing to wake up to .
my sister is in town and he is having some dinner thing .
though thorsen held controlling interest in holt , he still had board members to appease , and the last thing he wanted was a coupone mark would happily lead with torches and pitchforks .
having thorsen to snuggle up against at the end of a long day of dealing with anna might be just the thing to keep her sane .
call the owners of that land first thing in the morning and tell them to stop any and all negotiations they might already have in the works .
he had even convinced her that he d stick aroundand that sure as hell was a rare thing .
she thought the meeting had gone well , but quite frankly , she did nt have enough experience with that sort of thing to know if she was right or gravely mistaken .
given his line of work , his instincts with this sort of thing had served him well in the past , and he d rather be paranoid but safe , especially when riley was with him .
the last thing he remembered , he was riding shotgun with franklin and the chaplain to bagram .
i had a run in with a bear and then a mountain lion and then river showed up and one thing led to another jonathan knew he needed to keep his answers as vague as possible , but he tended to talk too much when he was nervous and shula definitely made him nervous .
the last thing jonathan wanted to do was get back on a horseespecially not the monster in the corner stall .
this weird eye flashing thing is nt caused by some strange disease , is it ?
or maybe she was out rounding up wolves for that merge thing .
katie was in the shower and ken had a look on his face like he d planned the whole thing for while jason was out of town .
he angled his body so the only thing anyone would see , if they looked , was a young couple kissing .
the last thing he remembered was bending down to put on his shoes .
i ' ve always heard that it is a rare thing to achieve self - actualization .
it would have been the most embarrassing thing if he 'd turned her down , but the smart guy did n't .
yes , and then , julie said , picking up the story , she had the whole thing planned for their thirtieth anniversary but mitch was out of the country and had nt been getting his emails , so he did nt know about the party .
the only thing any bystanders could see would be the whir of air that trailed behind her .
on the way to class , i asked anita , that thing back there with dean , are you sure ?
the scariest thing i have seen tonight was the look on anitas face when that guy tried to grind against her leg to some rap song .
grey said there were things worse than death ; an eternity of hell is about the worst thing i could imagine .
such a mundane thing to happen to a werewolf , but it killed him just as dead as any human .
the next thing i knew , pain was lancing up my hind leg and i was dangling , upside down , from a tree .
the next thing i knew , he was shoving me backward and i was pinned against a tree , the bark biting into my back .
i took a nap on the couch , she said tearfully , with him in his playpen and the next thing i knew , i woke up and he was gone .
first thing tomorrow morning ill hitch up the buckboard and we will tour the fields .
first thing tomorrow morning he would have a discussion with the little lady and find out for himself if she was content with her current arrangement .
the first thing she saw was the lodge 's boat , with lonnie in it .
but when you actually get to the place on the map , there are a thousand things you did n't expect .
always in search of the next big thing .
a nasty cut was almost a sure thing if the seed chose that route .
so , entering the mist is the only way to escape this terrible thing that has been done to her ?
the worst thing just happened .
reminding herself to breath , she thought that was quite possibly the sexiest thing shed ever seen , a man holding his beautiful child and winking at her .
he spoke to her like this was a normal thing .
not sure what sort of thing you re talking about , but i know he s a player .
i stammer ` ` the thing of it was , darlin ' , '' jack begins as he takes his cap off to scratch his head .
` ` and this thing that took her , you could n't see it clearly ?
a broken nose is one thing ; a foot - long knife was a different story .
they start moving things , making things fall over , that sort of thing .
this sort of thing happened all the time ; although the medicine was impressive given that it was such a long time ago , it was still pretty awful .
i ca nt see a thing , and before i know it , its over .
its never a guaranteed thing , but it happens almost every time .
its the only remotely funny thing that has happened all day long .
but it just seems like its one thing after another .
klein either started this thing or it was around at an earlier time and klein just stumbled onto that information .
one bright thing of note though : vincent had taken my bait and during one of his trips he jumpstarts the investigation on ancient vampires .
the only thing that ever even caused a rift in them was my birth .
for once , that s a nice thing to see .
that was a terrible thing that happened over therehow many were killed in that fire ?
its just amazing that simple things like fires that should have normal , scientific explanations actually have paranormal roots .
and the thing is , mom , we never really had the choice to be normal .
its really embarrassing , the kind of thing that you ca nt really watch .
we would never allow such a thing in these chambers , algarus responds immediately , still in awe just being in vincents presence .
randy explained , we found a deer stand the stalker was using to view the cabin , and the next thing i knew josh had an arrow sticking out of his chest .
i set the whole thing up to get amy alone in my car .
and being without her now was the most difficult thing he d ever endured .
only that i ca nt imagine such a thing .
she looked at him bewildered , and he wondered what horrible thing had happened .
well , the thing that s strange about that is .
but there was no good in hoping for such a thing .
to have her torn away from him after such a thing had occurred made him physically ill .
do you think such a thing is possible ?
she went to bed with her mind made up that first thing in the morning she would just walk down to the pier , walk aboard the phoenix and talk to him .
it was the last thing i saw before i went to bed and the first thing i d see before i got dressed .
it was the last thing i saw before i went to bed and the first thing i d see before i got dressed .
he would never have called her trudes unless they had a thing and , also , he was taking a huge risk being at her house so he must be either stupid or in love or both .
this was the worst thing that could have happened while he was trying to learn to play the guitar and specially trying to practice his magic card tricks .
nothing that was lasting , it was usually just the one - nightstand sort of thing that left the town talking .
i heard the same officer give the order to aim , and then a strange thing happened .
she cracked herself up , as if this were the funniest thing .
the next thing she knew , someone was rapping at the door .
she wondered if the whole damned thing was a set up .
it was the last thing she saw before she snatched , grabbed and swung away from him , holding on tight .
now that was a thing that would never have been allowed , not on any other day - wholemeal was better for you , or so his mother maintained , but it did nt taste as good to an eight year old boy .
then indicating to the room , he added , these are my lads here tonight not our normal sort of thing .
how people reacted , that sort of thing .
but it was not a problem for ben , quite the contrary in fact - he found the whole thing quite amusing , and thought the exposure was a bonus .
now there was a thing .
lee could guess what it was going to be about ... who says that there s no such thing as bad publicity ?
that s the crazy thing .
maybe i had imagined the whole thing ?
i could nt understand them , but i was floating and dizzy with fever , so i might have imagined the whole thing .
dec seemed amused by the whole thing and treated me like a favorite cousin .
the whole thing with scott was old news now , but people still whispered .
the next thing i knew , dec was there holding my head in his hands again .
any of these guys could slide a blade in you without anyone seeing a thing .
the last thing i saw was the tractor trailer flying towards me before i crumbled into darkness .
i want the same thing , but -- just stop .
about that excitement thing .
it 's a beautiful thing when two strangers become best friends , but it 's the most painful thing in the world when two best friends become strangers .
it 's a beautiful thing when two strangers become best friends , but it 's the most painful thing in the world when two best friends become strangers .
riding the bench became a pretty usual thing for me .
it was an occasional thing for me .
it should be a daily thing ... a natural thing .
but i did catch one thing as we sped down the freeway ... a camera .
he had seen the whole thing go down .
it 's a rare thing for me to care about anyone .
the letter had actually made me cry which was a very difficult thing for me to do so i was deeply touched .
i did n't even want to go to this stupid thing .
the fans do n't appreciate that kind of thing and to be honest , i really do n't either .
hunter seems to think the whole thing was my fault .
she had a long way to go with blake before she would understand his real issues , but there was one thing she did know .
were almost out of time , and i really want to talk about the last thing today , too .
she was wishing for the same thing .
the first thing i know , you re engaged to that nice young attorney , walt you were just saying you never liked him !
of all the crazy things that had happened to him in his life , falling out of that tree and nearly landing on connie had been the single most important .
the beautiful thing ishe glanced down the aisle toward macnow he will love you too .
that is the last thing i remember before i fell asleep .
as i was walking in the road , the thing , which everyone says , happens only in the films , was happening to me at that time .
the same thing had been happening to me in the old school as well , but i had never been bothered .
as i doubted , the same thing happened .
i knew it was too stupid to think like that since it was a quite an impossible thing that could happen .
my love for her could deserve only that happy thing from her .
if i have got her , then it will have been the happiest thing of my life .
after all , i knew that the yearning and sadness for a happy thing , which has failed to happen , can be forgotten by undertaking some other happy things in my life .
the last thing he saw before everything went black was luccio advancing on tara , and he could nt do a thing about it .
she was on a flight back to london first thing .
he smiled at her , a tight hidden thing that failed miserably to reach the twin pools of his eyes .
as much as i hate the idea of this thing , i know that i ca n't stop it .
to find the one that was created for you is a wondrous thing that not every wolf experiences .
our dna and human dna is almost identical , organs the same and unless you knew what to look for , you would n't think we were any different ; well , aside from the whole turning furry , howling at the moon , running through the woods in our birthday suits thing .
she nodded , yes , i saw the whole thing through your eyes .
the next thing i remember , my friend , geena , was standing beside me .
what a thing to tell somebody !
he s shit for this kind of thing .
okay , the thing is that the last couple ideas might be doable , but its lost in the translation .
only thing is , i spit out new ideas so often that i lose track of the old ones .
you always bet on a sure thing .
sean sincerely hoped it was the thing with jacob that caused her face to point at the floor , otherwise he did nt get it .
i think it was the best thing that could have happened , sean said .
they were cocooned in a web of intimacy , a deep , heavy thing moving in his chest .
that was the most disgusting yet hilarious thing i ve ever witnessed , i chuckle .
the last thing i hear before i drift off is doms deep voice whisper , you re amazing , as his hand finally stills , resting flat on my belly .
but possibly the craziest thing that s happened took place just last night .
it was genuine and sincere and it made my heart do this weird fluttering thing in my chest .
i was kind of mesmerized by the whole thing .
heres the thing it had been two years since i was even around boys in any consistent environment .
that being said , its not the best thing she could have either .
i must have dozed off after i coaxed page into taking her second dose of tylenol , because the next thing i knew strong arms were pulling me on my side and my head was resting in a lap .
i ve never seen any of those guys kill anyone first thing in the morning .
this is the best thing that could have happened to you .
people lived in relative peace , with complaints or issues brought in front of matthias first thing in the morning , which was why kane took us directly to the school building .
probably its better not to turn me on violently first thing in the morning .
` ` i think you 're the best thing that could happen to your father .
flirting was one thing , banter another , but this was new , this was completely new ... . she began to pace the length of the drawing room , trying to work out the tension she felt .
whole thing , beginning to end .
she was back at home when she recalled things that happened with blake that afternoon , and she could nt help but pause for a while , holding the bouquet of roses he gave her and sitting down on bed .
first thing in the morning , you people are going to explain what s going on , do you understand me ?
she was so upset over the kevan thing , as she called it , that kaitlyn refused to let her go to the shop .
shed ask my advice regarding guys , and i d hear about what terrible taste i had in women , that kind of thing .
you would nt have known a thing , but instead , it turns out that we unbound powers that were in all of us , who knew ?
she whispered , closing her eyes , then opening them again , but still seeing the same thing .
hey , its the weirdest thing , i thought i heard mum , dad !
thanks for that but ... , brennans voice dropped , do nt tell anyone , but i m kind of enjoying this whole thing .
kevan continued , the one that started this whole thing was grandpa joe .
the next thing , i woke up in a whole world of hurt .
the only thing that makes sense to me is brody stopped as they turned .
the lid dropped to the floor , and her fingers began seeking what she was looking for , knowing that she would feel the right thing the second she touched it .
i see demons , and vampires , or some shit , crazy thing .
lets just say , being a member of the le pierre lafayette family for about the next five generations was nt such healthy thing to be .
i remember falling asleep in calebs arms , then the next thing i know , i m standing in a field of wildflowers .
` ` okay , let 's say you 're right , how does your friend tatiana , whom you have had no communication with for almost two thousand years , suddenly have directions to the exact thing that we are looking for ? ''
this had happened a bit too frequently lately , from when she disappeared with tatiana and this trance thing of hers .
her hands reached out , yearning to touch the one thing that she had always believed was nt possible .
the next thing i knew , i landed in the middle of a bed .
the last thing she could really recall was caleb carrying her to the sleeping bag that he had pulled out for them .
video games gave them the chance to relive it , but it still was nt the same as the feel of the real thing .
okay , as we discussed , we all wish for the same thing .
not after the pencil thing .
the only thing they d never been able to manage , however , was to lose their virginity and , while nate could have his pick of the girls at school , he wanted nobody but georgie .
the strange thing was that i was sure to have locked the small white gate outside .
as i looked down i felt like i was a falling in love with a dream : a thing you could wake up from ; a shadow on the wall .
i was interrupted by mr . russell who asked me to recite the most interesting thing i read in the past week .
perhaps we could blame it on the exuberance of fun in the ambient air but after a few hours of conversation , she paused awhile , and said , you know , the funniest thing was that when you had made fun of me i would go home and cry myself to sleep each night .
the only good thing was , his face creased in a wide grin showing the whitest teeth i d ever seen .
the last time i d seen her , there d been no such thing .
next thing we d be yelling did not did , too at each other .
the whole thing surrounded me with a dream - like quality that kept me walking around in a happy daze throughout the entire event .
jims been the nicest thing that s happened to me in a long time .
never did i think to see such a thing happen .
it was a rare thing for us to have an outdoor field trip now we were in high school .
so whatever happened , it 's not just a one - time thing .
and i was gon na say so to her , because i 'd figured out landon used to love that kind of thing , when he got me worked up enough that i 'd actually tell him that stuff out loud .
his throat had the sad closing thing and he just had to cry .
he said , tommy , a bad thing happened and people are sad .
how this freaky thing we all had going was n't going away , just getting stronger .
his lips on mine were the best thing i 'd ever felt , and he pulled me closer , opened his mouth a little , and ... at that moment adam opened the door .
right , he was here for the whole thing .
sherry : so it is possible that everyone is making her joke that she is good looking and she can get a good husband but she is with that guy and to make her parents happy she behave like she is happy , and she do nt want the same thing happening to her sister .
the last thing i remember is stretching out on a sofa with my arms around greta .
micah kept his arm around katja as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
this kind of thing just reminded katja of why shed been tempted to break up with him in the first place .
the thing you have to remember is that you re not your papa .
breaking up with micah was the most painful thing shed ever experienced .
shay was probably scrolling through flights now , and the last thing she needed was her cousin showing up , guns blazing , and screwing everything up .
take us on a few tours around the place , that kind of thing .
but this word play thing we had going on ?
nice , he said , his wry grin making my heart do that weird flip flop thing it always did when he smiled .
his gaze drifted to my hair and an amazing thing happened .
one thing jess knew for sure ; it would nt be helping pam , her flamboyant mom , plan any more crazy weddings .
which only added up to one thing .
his inability to enter a church had to do with the whole dead / not dead thing being an affront to god .
already looking forward to whatever amusing thing he might say with that butter - soft rumble to his smoky baritone , her pulse kicked up a crazy rhythm .
i witnessed the whole thing his father 's voice now breaking in places .
the next thing i knew , nikolas had hauled me up onto a saddle and we were cutting through the night as fast as the steed could carry us .
around the bars , intricate vines twisted , adorned with roses in the same black metal , it was a strangely beautiful thing to behold .
hesitantly , i walked to my mother and father and wrapped an arm around each one , forming a group hug kind of thing .
anyway , what is this induction thing liam spoke of ?
i had , i had a vision kind of thing today andi saw her face , that girl .
the next thing i remember was waking up in the back of jamess truck .
that was the sweetest thing i ve ever seen .
you were right - the tests on the water samples from the mouth of the river showed nitrates , the sort of thing you 'd see from fertilizer runoff .
` ` i ' ve often wondered the very same thing , '' gage said .
` ` good thing feronne vineyards gave us this , '' she said with a nod to her glass , ` ` or we 'd be drinking three buck chuck . ''
the sad thing is i still have nt purchased a beer with my real i d .
one thing i know for certain , i wo nt miss jackson .
we d done a few whiskey shots and one thing lead to another .
the next thing i knew , karri was on her knees , rubbing jacksons thighs , winking at me and promising us both an unforgettable night .
i ca nt sit by and let the same thing happen to him .
after that , eilish got involved and began to undress him and it was the most exciting thing he d ever experienced ; even more thrilling than removing her clothes .
but such a thing was impossible !
back then , shed even been hopeful that he might understand the awful thing that had happened to her and not think less of her for it .
this was madness , even thinking such a thing was possible .
and she had acknowledged him as if it was an everyday thing to see a waiter she knew from third class while she hobnobbed with those in first .
tomorrow a very terrible thing is going to happen to this ship .
i twisted toward the source to see who was there , but the next thing i knew , i was sailing through the air .
the thing i d feared had come to pass .
same thing everyday .
more than one thing that happened at the youth center earlier in the week set him on this course .
there s no such thing as writers block , kara mumbled , irritation coating her voice .
i wantno , i needto know there is going to be someone else there for you in case this kind of thing happens again .
it was the one thing shed wished for and her dream had been crushed when david died .
one thing i know for sure is that maddy always follows her heart .
and because that was one of the last things that had happened before shed finally fallen asleep , everything else sort of paled in comparison , which was a decidedly good thing .
that was nt the only thing that was real , maddy heard riley murmur under his breath .
the sad thing is , i do n't think roy ever got over it since he never married .
clint 's heart did a funny wavering thing .
clint struggled but could n't do a thing .
you wo n't survive this thing if you have another relapse . ''
` ` i still do n't know how the others weathered this thing out on the open range .
` ` here 's the thing , jessie .
what horrific thing did that little wisp of a girl do to the almighty clint wilkins that you ca n't even be civil to her ? ''
he looked away , convincing clint he was guilty of some diddly - dang thing .
plotting schemes and plans of havoc , caleb joked , and then sterling did the oddest thing ; he elbowed his friend , hard .
he nodded like this was a common thing even though sandy had hit the shores so long ago .
as she realized perhaps they were nt so different that was the scariest thing of all .
this kind of thing should nt have been happening , but it was and her body could barley handle it .
the last thing donna saw before she opened her eyes was a hooded man in the distance ; a man who had tried to hurt her years back , the first time her father brought her to new york .
it was a rare thing these days to have such good friends .
well leave first thing tomorrow morning .
the whole thing has the rest of us running scared , as if things were nt bad enough before .
the relief was the hardest thing to forgive herself for .
never did see a thing like it , charlie said , giving his bald head a scratch .
hands cradling the pot , anya said , its not flowers one side of his lips lifted and christophe let his brows do that climbing thing again .
you want the same thing to happen to your sister ?
the team had staff people who would do it , locker room attendants , equipment managers , that sort of thing .
it was such a rare thing , seeing her like this .
i guess the next thing on the schedule is casino night .
it was too late in the season for that kind of thing , anyway .
there were other things going on during the course of the night , too : a silent auction with things like getting to go on a road trip with the team next year , a video game booth where they could compete against a few of the boys , that kind of thing .
he had to stick around portland for a few days , go through exit interviews with the coaches and jim sutter , that type of thing .
death is not an easy thing to come to terms with .
meeting you that night , carlene , was the best thing that could ever have happened to stalford .
he wrapped an arm around my shoulders , as if it were the most normal thing .
o0o dorian was confounded by the nature of this thing called dancing .
from what i understand , this type of thing is common in your time period .
it was a standing thing every saturday , but ever since angel began at kkis , it was harder and harder for her to drag herself out of bed .
the only thing i know it will do for sure is ease the aching .
that s one thing i know for sure .
i m the one who left my own datewho was a sure thing , by the waystanding alone by the wall while i retrieved lacey from the ladies room and stroked her hair until she could breathe .
i contemplated telling her to get her own drink , but reagan seemed comfortable around tyler and i wondered if maybe it was nt such a bad thing tyler stopped by .
abby had noticed the same thing , but attributed it to the long walk they 'd taken that morning .
as sophie had grown older , the same thing had happened .
she had to wear an eye patch for a month , and it was safe to say it was the funniest thing i ve ever seen .
when that thing happened the other night something changed in me .
i m looking forward to the whole end - of - the - world thing .
she kissed me , and it was the most amazing thing ever ; it was like i could see inside her mind !
that was the last thing i saw before i slipped into a blissfully undisturbed sleep .
her swollen stomach stuck out more as she sat down , a thing that reminded me of the fact that i was asking a pregnant woman to fight the old ones , and whoever else came through the veil .
penelope just looked amused by the whole thing .
anyway , i thought she was dead , and then i saw her in judgment , and one thing led to another and , well , she s having my babies .
uh , well , i , uh , one thing , um , led to another , and we , like , uh , slept together .
in fact , it was the best thing that s ever happened to me .
tracy said , obviously excited by this entire thing .
enough crap has gone on in our lives without another bad thing having to happen .
okay , so if we want to win this thing , we need to fulfil the prophecy , matt said , rubbing his chin .
we were probably the best thing that could have happened to emma her freshman year .
lindsays the one who invited us to the masquerade thing this weekend , said there was a flyer for it on their board or something .
at the time , i d thought it was the worst thing that had ever happened to me .
i would have felt that i was on the home stretch , but the worst thing about being a housewife is that there s never a home stretch .
this had nt just been a one - time thing ; a moment of weakness .
instead , talking to him like that felt like the most natural thing in the world .
and the funny thing was , every sunday mrs . macgillicuddy used to go out to her rabbits and sit on the tree stump with her bible and read to them like they was her flock and she was the preacher ( which everybody knowed was a foolish thing on account there were nt no such thing as lady preachers ) .
better than being bored wich is the worse thing in the hole wide world .
after the whole paddlin arrest thing , the punishment for school crimes was deemerits , which was like black marks on your record .
several thing happened the year i turned 14 .
mama thought the whole thing was part of a very funny program .
if there s one thing that makes a body start thinking everythings not fine , its some other body sisting that it is .
i do nt have the slightest , but i know one thing .
realizing it must be the dress , she said , i was just trying this on for a thing at the college where i teach .
but the letter says its a special thing .
but lets keep that regina thing and the you re beautiful embarrassment to ourselves .
its like i m getting thrown into the deep end of the pool first thing .
however the most fearsome thing was something kelly could nt even bring herself to think .
but the main thing is i did this horrible thing .
if there was one thing that had always made kelly crazy , it was when mike left the room .
that was one thing kelly could never do .
he always knew this kind of thing was a possibility .
andrew , you have told me about this sort of thing .
he s the one who set this whole thing up .
the most startling thing , the thing that makes me most sick , is that i m telling the truth .
the most startling thing , the thing that makes me most sick , is that i m telling the truth .
i ve witnessed the same thing before on my rotation as an intern , primarily in the morgue .
the next thing i know i m sinking to the floor .
that s the hottest thing i ve ever seen , blondie groans .
i should have tossed her ass out first thing when i d kicked everyone else out .
dying is the only thing i m afraid of these days , she breathes , and i need to be afraid .
it all pointed to one thing ethan howell oconnor had entered the building .
i ca nt be the juiciest thing going on right now .
a fun one thing .
of course , i would prefer not to have the hangover , but i will suffer through such a thing if it means having the whole experience . ''
not one single normal thing has happened to me in the last twenty - four hours . ''
` ` this is a new thing on the list , is n't it ? ''
you ll have to attend occasional dinner parties and fundraising events , that sort of thing , so you ll need appropriate clothes .
i have to say , its one of the funnier pickles he s gotten himself into , and i do find it entertaining that the whole thing was your idea .
damn , woman , jack grunted and the next thing she knew he had her in a firemans hold over his shoulder and was headed up the stairs with her .
he still wore his ski mask , so she took that as a good sign that her death was nt a sure thing .
i do nt have anything to cover their mouths , and the last thing we need is for them to alert the others , chad said .
the funny thing is , she wrote about the job from an abbey .
does that sort of thing happen often ?
seeing their pain , not being able to stop itits the most difficult thing we ever have to bear .
a terrible thing for the entire town .
but how could such a thing why ?
the amazing thing was that i did nt fully activate the tracking scanner , which suggested to me that her ability was something more than what she may have realized .
the funny thing was that i did not move .
for the purpose of this documentation , i should concentrate not on our clearly distinguished named minority , even though my historiography is from the point of view of neither , in its most naked and grotesque depiction of all things that have taken place before my eyes ... and in the discovery of the whereabouts of my own soul ... in relation to my approved clearance to describe the aforementioned for the peoples of our collective audacity .
that will only start this terrible thing all over again , sally .
she never heard of such a thing .
now with this kennedy thing , sally was really annoyed that they had apparently gone too far .
the only thing she had managed was to create weird , scary images in her head , and come as close as can be to becoming totally mad .
what a shame this kind of thing did nt happen in real life , i thought to myself .
you ' ve been the best thing that could happen to me and to my family since peter left us .
` ` mr . mason was going to have dinner by himself , so the polite thing to do , not that we were n't happy to ask him , but the nice thing was for him to join us and not eat by himself .
naturally , this sort of thing had happened with other men , but they had nt been vampires .
how often should i expect this kind of thing ?
this sort of thing had happened more than once and it never bothered her .
you re the most fascinating thing to happen in years .
it seemed like a stupid thing to have in a noisy area .
until i came here , i did nt even know there was such a thing as born vampires .
it is the hottest thing i ve ever seen .
it was such an oddly intimate thing .
a similar thing happened with the born vampires .
the only good thing was that she was doing a better job of convincing graham that she was too weak and confused to help him .
the worst thing was thinking that you d all turned on me .
and if what he said about your mom is true , that might have been the very thing to send him over the edge .
i m going to talk to amos first thing tomorrow .
susan had the feeling neil hoped to wake and find he d dreamed the whole thing .
how you might have anticipated such a thing i knew what that key meant to susan .
its a thing couples do when they do nt want to be a couple anymore .
when the lightning gave out , darkness hung like shadows of the long dead pressing closea stupid thing to imagine and he wished he had nt .
it seemed suddenly an embarrassing thing to admit .
he sat back in one of the hotels fringed velvet parlor chairs and flipped through a copy of life magazine without noticing a thing on the page .
i heard about this type of thing , but i never thought i would witness it , renny mumbled .
he was looking at them with an unreadable expression on his face , holding a bouquet of yellow roses in his hands as if it were the most normal thing in the world for him and he belonged right here .
magically , he walked right over to her table and sat down opposite her as though it were the most natural thing in the world .
when i made cakes for our events or on special occasions , everyone always appreciated them , took photos , asked me for the recipe , that sort of thing .
strangely enough , being in his kitchen and sharing banters with him like this felt like the most normal thing in the world .
sniffling quietly , the girl walked up to her and took her hand as if it were the most natural thing on earth .
the thing is , we did nt have the same nanny all this time .
he had shown the bravado to forget the whole thing , and she had been panicking unnecessarily and wasting her thoughts on the kiss .
ellie was embarrassed about the fish thing , which was extremely awesome , by the way .
you do nt have a golf thing to go to ?
i had lost track of all time the next thing i realized , we were traveling in the car and someone slapped me .
i tensed my muscles to seem more masculine , and deepened my voice , but the only thing it did for me was make me look like a butch softball player .
louise has a whole movie night thing planned for them .
to top it all off , she was having serious doubts that his relationship with savannah had been a one - time thing .
however , there was something off about the whole thing .
liam had seen the same thing in his own eyes many years ago after annie died .
liam walked to the bus stop and waited , wishing the powers - that - be in heaven who had set this whole thing up had provided them with a car .
whatever this thing wasthis evilhad started shortly after she disappeared .
one thing that also was nt out of order was seeing the ladies mix it up in the ring .
the only good thing to come of that relationship is little tommy .
richie saw the whole thing as well and trudged back to matts horse to steady him .
yes , thanks to you that was easily the scariest thing that s ever happened to me .
next thing i know everything was hazy and spinning and kevin was trying to , you know .
i mean , did nt your dad freak out about the kevin thing ?
next thing you know , kevin , john and chris were on them .
next thing i knew , the guys from the club were on the ground and kevin , chris and john were going crazy , punching them and stomping on them .
from what i remember , the worst thing that ever happened was stolen lawn ornaments from time to time .
he looked around , almost as if trying to figure out what strange thing would happen next .
then he glanced up , eyeing sakura , who looked rather upset about the whole thing .
she opened her eyes , and the first thing she thought was that she had to get out of here .
they had nt done a thing .
the last thing she remembered was her flying down , hitting the water , and then drowning .
there was one final weird thing about timothy that happened shortly after we agreed to share the apartment .
` ` but without that whole sun - burning thing ? ''
` ` you mean with that glowy light thing ? ''
for one wild moment i considered the whole thing a dream and me a psycho ward patient , but bat sat close by in a chair .
ill call up the schedule , and if its clear , ill e - mail the pilot now so he gets it first thing in the morning and we can make the run .
people do nt rehearse for this sort of thing to happen .
i enjoy this sort of thing .
the thing roger did nt mention is that the house earnings go to charity .
either way , he was in big trouble , but out of respect for the judge here , we just could nt let that sort of thing go on , could we judge harry ?
roger , there is just one little thing about this girl who s coming to see me monday in the office .. : no , i do nt want to know anything about it .
the crazy thing is , i got the class newsletter that comes in now and then from back east , but to tell the truth , i did nt take time to read it and just pitched it , at least i thought i did .
the guys with the tractor were a riot , and to tell the truth , the whole thing made me feel good .
such a thing happened to laura at that moment , probably not beyond her will to control but certainly beyond her desire to control , and she heard someone say , in her own voice : you missed ; my lips are way down here .
if there was one thing alice had lived to see , it was to see this man happy in life again , and there was no question that had come to pass .
ryan was allowed to sit at the planning table as though he knew what he was doing , while in reality he had little knowledge about the flower arrangements having to match the color pattern selected and things like that .
its that sort of thing going on that can disrupt the social structure of an office so much that it is barely functional .
assured that he would , peace finally ensued , and they returned to a little quieter time ; laura would remember it later as the most family thing she had ever seen in her married life , at least where she and her children were concerned , and she was nt even married to this man , yet .
it was just one more thing in a whole series of events that made the day memorable .
when i tried to tip him , he said that a man who has just made love to such a beautiful woman first thing in the morning is a man among men and is to be revered and honored .
climbing in the bed , she wondered what would happen the next day at school , or if she should fake being sick to put more distance between them so the same thing would not happen the next day .
i do not want to see the same thing happen for you .
my nerves were so on edge that every little thing was beyond frightening .
sean breaking up with me was the best thing that ever happened to me .
i searched the parking lot and felt that same thing , so i sat down and waited until someone arrived . ''
it 's not likely to be the same thing again , '' he said , lifting his head and explaining to the group watching , ` ` i was kidnapped by moltere 's men a long time ago .
the next thing he knew , tessa was bending over him , a huge smile on her face .
cassie nodded , though the last thing she wanted was to come back here .
this is the most fantastic thing that i ' ve ever experienced .
he knew how their minds had connected , knew he had been the one to do it , but he 'd never planned to let such a thing happen .
he 'd never had such a thing happen before , had never lost control in such a way .
it was n't staggering to me , and at the time we never could have imagined that such a thing as the slaughter would occur .
` ` the thing in the woods . ''
said it had to do with some fashion thing .
it kept wondering if rylee had talked him into asking her out or , if they d already tried a thing or two under the bleachers .
iris merely rolled her eyes at the entire thing .
i did n't want the last thing i ever saw to be this monster draining the life from me .
i just nodded in acceptance of what he said , and the next thing i knew , he was putting me in the passenger seat of my car .
that sort of thing does n't happen like that for the other dark ones .
` ` the same thing that always happens just happened .
` ` i drank the thing of stripper grandma had . ''
the only thing jaslene had seen was the fire and the chaos in brazil .
she felt like that would be the worst thing to happen .
i had this unbelievably strong urge to join them and the next thing i knew i was a coyote puppy . ''
the thing was , morgan really could nt stand laura .
i was there in the office with that creature and the next thing there was a pressure building in my body .
the only thing i miss is hearing your brother scream as i broke his bones .
as you can see , we d have two hot specials each dayfor example , a vegetarian lasagna and perhaps chicken stir - fry with brown rice , that sort of thing .
but the last thing she wanted was a partner taking over , which was exactly what would happen .
i have to clean this place up , arrange the furniture , make sure my deliveries are on schedule , hook up the cash register , make sure the debit card and credit links work there s so much potential for things to go wrong .
mom and dad are having their anniversary thing this weekend .
she was in love with ric emerson and it was the worst possible thing that could have happened .
god , if they were going to discuss catering this thing , she needed to work up a sample menu , put together per - plate prices .
it was a frightening and liberating thing to admit it .
it d been taken two weeks after my fathers death and i d still been in a daze about the whole thing .
you tried to stop this whole thing even though you do nt know what s going on , and logan kidnapped you .
then the other words come to me and the horrible thing for these poor sons of bitches is when some do - gooder shuts off the engine and opens the door , thinking he s trying to save a life when all he s doing is prolonging a death i sink to the ground , try to block the murderous sound of the chevys engine .
the next thing i know , i ' m in never - never land .
i followed her gaze into the darkness , but could n't see a thing .
a shiver ran though me as i remembered the whole church thing from earlier .
this was exactly the kind of thing elizabeth warned me about .
the first thing i noticed as i swung around the corner into jason 's driveway was that his jeep was gone .
for me and jason it was even a bigger dealwell for jason anywaywe were to report to the front office first thing to find out if we 'd be going forward , or retaking last semester 's classes .
it looked like it was going to be a weekly thing , but jason dropped me off at his house first .
` ` looks like this is a permanent thing . ''
when i got there , the first thing i noticed was the water was frozenduh , it was winter .
` ` the blood thing , righti ' m such an idioti ' m sorry .
this was probably the very thing she had been trying to avoid .
she made her mom leave and then in the kitchen , when we were aloneshe got this kind of thing goingnot a trance or anything like that , but there was definitely something going on inside her .
` ` i hope so , i have an appointment with ms . moore first thing monday morning . ''
then , there was the whole derrick and lisa thing back at the pool .
she met tom under not so great circumstances ( when her sixteen year old granddaughter was having her stomach pumped for over - drinking ) , but that was a onetime thing and jackie learned her lesson .
the only thing that would be better is getting mom and dad back , and that s not about to happen .
they could still stand in front of a mirror or in front of their own twin and see exactly the same thing .
the sad thing is that carrie died before knowing what she really meant to her sister .
you mean the other night was nt just a onetime thing ?
` ` a strange thing happened today .
` ` you know the kind of thing , '' he continued .
he turned the whole thing some kind of a sex bargain .
say you believe this sort of thing goes on all the time , and that you have information about it happening at the poseidon centre , suggest that you could come with a tv crew and do a few interviews , ask the women as they go in , that sort of thing .
has this kind of thing ever happened to him before ?
as she headed into the kitchen , she added in her head one more thing to thank him for , the first nudging of physical attraction shed felt for a man in more years than she could count .
you re the best thing that s happened to me in a good long time .
she saw the whole thing in her mind .
however the teenage girl went to sleep already at ten oclock , the usual thing was that did nt let her sleep .
- the best thing happened to me what could happen tamara has nt seen heni to be so happy like then .
but i ve never waken up by so good thing like your calling .
- i look around in the neighbourhood too , but there was nt any interesting thing , but there asnt any interesting thing , so i got on a bus , went to the beach , i swam there , later a got on a ship , but it was hell of an expensive .
- i look around in the neighbourhood too , but there was nt any interesting thing , but there asnt any interesting thing , so i got on a bus , went to the beach , i swam there , later a got on a ship , but it was hell of an expensive .
` ` but the darndest thing happened to me .
table of contents introduction chapter 1 : the september chapter chapter 2 : the october chapter chapter 3 : the november chapter chapter 4 : the december chapter chapter 5 : the january chapter chapter 6 : the february chapter chapter 7 : the march chapter chapter 8 : the april chapter chapter 9 : the may chapter chapter 10 : the june chapter about q. t. valentine introduction if there is one thing that every teen in america can relate to its having a high school crush .
but if for some reason that changes then you ll know because ill be outside your window in the middle of the night calling your name probably only to find that the next thing you see is the police quickly pulling up with red and blue lights flashing and sirens blaring as they quickly haul me away in handcuffs because i m disturbing the peace ( and breaking curfew ) .
so it was nt a small thing to nearly die .
i m a researcher for a law firm downtown , i m married to a climber , and my son , todd , is the best thing that ever happened to me .
one thing i do know about hockey , that guy he met is his favorite player .
its an awful thing to drown in the ocean , jack .
well , the neatest thing happened , we met some old friends of your moms , and when it was time to go she wanted to spend just a little more time with them .
that was the thing about todd .
what if making him jealous was the one thing to snap him out of his self - imposed no - go zone ?
but you 're the best thing that s happened to me in years and i 'd be a fool not to want to fight for you . ''
but finding out i had a son , then being privileged enough to get to know you and be a father you can turn to , is the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
i resented every shitty thing that resulted in her being here at the age of sixty - three .
the only good thing to come out of uppity - doo .
but losing them was the hardest thing i ve had to endure .
i pause , still wondering about one thing .
he was walking me out the door as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
i '' he paused , the only thing i could hear was his breathing on the other end .
i must have fallen asleep , because the next thing i knew , something was chasing me .
the only thing i could think of was their father having cancer .
he saw the entire thing .
alec was still busy cursing to himself and blaming himself for every little thing on the planet .
so , that is the kind of thing i have to look forward to ?
well , one thing led to another , and if a counselor had nt noticed all the lights were off at the dorm and come to check on things , i might not be here today .
i m afraid if this becomes a daily thing , ill have a problem sitting down before long .
a real flowers in the attic sort of thing .
but it seems he and lorettathats his girlfriendhave an off and on thing of convenience going on .
if it was nt for this thing with sarah , i d be looking forward to spending the rest of the summer here .
but there is one good thing to come out of this , its giving me the chance to reflect on my life .
they probably saw this kind of thing on a daily basis .
and even though we did nt know what the thing was exactly , the underworlders were very impressed with our brilliant outcome .
it was a curious thing to witness .
[ maybe the morning after the thing , you know , it , just to ease my nerves . ]
there s one more thing we could hope for .
this same magical thing was happening all over again .
come on you two , lets get this food thing going .
and you are the best thing that s ever happened to heath , outside of trey and cassie .
the corners of franklins mouth did that subtle little twitchy thing that meant he was going to start stuttering .
earlier i was very nervous about such a thing , '' she joked and the girls all giggled .
that was probably the last thing she needed to see .
and that was the last thing i could remember .
on the sidewalk in front of my unit , where she had an apartment on the first floor , stood heather , pipers best friend , watching the whole thing unfold .
and that s the last thing i m sure of until violet called the next day to tell me she got arrested for dui .
the whole thing was my fault , but she s the one who got arrested , and she s the one doing time in rehab .
the second thing i noticed was that she had noahs eyes .
he blushed when i graciously offered to pay , assuring me this type of thing never happened .
asking me about my weekends is becoming a regular thing and thank heavens for sadie 's advice .
` ` the charity thing your students performed at .
` ` i know this is the last thing you want to talk about but that thing that happened . ''
i got dumped first thing this morning .
i saw this thing on the news a week or two ago about a teacher who got into a sexual relationship with one of his students .
you two being together was like , the most romantic thing i d ever heard of .
just the most amazing , romantic thing ever , she says with a sigh as she walks into the classroom and shuts the door behind her .
and then just as the limo was passing by an electronics store blake caught sight of the strangest thing : a bride had apparently been caught outside in the rain - the white dress clinging to her body had become slightly see - through and blake could see her long legs that were clinging to the chiffon .
rosalie watched blakes limo drive away feeling like the whole thing had been a dream .
and then the strangest thing happened as he tried to push on rosalies back with his right hand .
and death is not a happy thing .
as blake floated closer and took an even closer look , blake was able to decide upon one thing .
but a few hours later the strangest thing happened .
and the strangest thing happened , the radio went staticky and a strange sounding voice filled carries room : please carriehelp ropervertcage blake ? !
sounds like a smart thing for me to avoid .
she s the best thing that s happened to you in years , son .
i hated soap operas , but it was a thing i did with my best friends , candice and reesey , although i had nt seen much of them lately .
chapter three the first thing i thought of was cassidy harris .
seeing gloria kate was the worst thing i d gone through in my life .
do n't be stupid , she said , linking her arm with mine as if it was the most natural thing in the world .
yeah , your boss set the whole thing up , from the tip that got me to watch you , sent through harry , the snotty werewolf , down to this little dream episode .
apparently this parapleasures thing attracted an even weirder crowd than anime conventions , because everywhere she looked , miranda saw features , appendages and skin tones not found in nature .
it was just a cute , fluffy little melodrama type thing that i thought the two of them might think was entertaining .
the next thing of which he was certain was that he was sitting between his sister and his .
their routine went back to what it had been before , and keely had herself half convinced that she had imagined the whole thing in the first place .
we do nt take to that kind of thing around here , chelsea .
seeing roy sitting in his usual spot with the same slouch and hang dog look on his face was best thing tuck had seen in months .
one time , just one time when he did nt think and the one thing he never wanted to happen , happened .
but if there really is a dying woman to visit , i do nt want the last thing this wench sees be me in sweats with a slutty word stitched onto my ass .
maybe she planned the whole damn thing .
the last thing i remembered was her hands on me , and then everything went dark .
at that time in my life , she was the most amazing thing that had ever happened to me .
when you kissed me here , it was the greatest thing that had ever happened to me in all of my life .
i ' m very sorry about what happened to your mother , it 's a terrible thing to watch people you love struggle .
the whole thing might have been a dream , but he was calling out to me , he was calling my name the way he had at the theater .
` ` i 'll get your car out for you first thing tomorrow .
` ` you know , there was one other strange thing .
could be the ghost thing , but he 'd bet his truck it was the controlling bastard who put that ice on her finger .
` ` the only thing is , tracey said they asked him if he was going to try anything with me , you know , sexually , and he said , probably . ''
` ` i just want to see if that magic is still there or if it was a one - time thing .
the only thing i did was help you two cross paths . ''
they 'd put people in the asylum for any random thing , so i guess she was lucky in a sense .
having such a traumatic thing happen and not being able to tell anyone about it , then finding out she was pregnant as a result .
` ` caden luke beauregard , you are the best thing that 's ever happened to me , and i am so in love with you . ''
that was the last thing she remembered seeing before darkness enveloped her .
just as they were passing an irish pub the strangest thing happened .
the last thing she wanted was to get in a catfight for a guy she did nt even want .
jeanne thought back to the last thing she remembered .
shed never heard of such a thing before .
now , this was definitely the last thing dante had expected .
another thing you learn quickly on the street is to take your calories where you can get them , because your next meals never a sure thing .
next thing you re pregnant .
i look down at my faded chucks , and a part of me questions whether this kind of thing happens all the time .
blair , for me , there s no such thing .
i blink and clear my throat , and suddenly everythings back in focus , like i ve been away for a small eternity , off somewhere in a forest filled with my ugly thoughts and every bad thing that s ever happened to me .
the whole thing did nt take more than fifteen seconds , but felt like an eternity .
lyds the best thing that ever happened to me .
phelps grinned at me and i did the most startling thing ; i kissed him .
that thing with the towel .
phelps was the first thing even resembling a date i d had in two years .
i will spend the day with one of you from first thing in the morning until four and with the other from five until the night is over .
the same thing that had happened every other time he d won in his and miss westins verbal sparring match .
the only thing i can imagine giving everyone what they wanted was if the countess delivered an heir .
i must have hit my skull in the scuffle and imagined the whole thing , she told herself .
the next thing i know , ill be suspecting him of black magic and worrying about demonic possessionand i have too many real concerns to waste energy on silly ones !
its this damned sheet that caused the whole thing !
still , my boy , i can not count your stupidity the most unfortunate thing .
your mothers death was the worst thing that ever happened to the braedon family .
and there is another curious thing .
it is the last thing i would wish .
oh yes , my lord , friendship would be a lovely thing to share .
the next thing i remember is dropping a box that she handed me .
i blacked out after that , because the next thing i knew , i was waking up in recovery and my mom was crying .
the next thing i know , someone is shaking me and i smell very strong coffee .
the next thing i saw was a black pickup truck come from the right side and hit it .
thinking hard , the last thing i recall is rising to let jonathan out , not even his leaving .
i m sorry that i can not stay longer and hope that we meet again soon , but i must leave first thing tomorrow morning or someone that i have become close to may lose the one he loves .
it was the strangest thing , but after we came back , i had a few dreams and mom told me that they actually did happen to her .
we had a pop quiz first thing , and then went over the problems after everyone was finished .
the first thing i noticed when i got to the school , was the two local news vans in the parking lot .
` ` because of that whole , ' team to beat ' thing ? ''
` ` alex says that kind of thing happens .
the guard must have known about our little season dedication thing , because he got this kind of evil glint in his eye .
the next thing i knew , the air was knocked out of my lungs and i was flying across the gym .
i reached out to pat him on the shoulder for supportnext thing i know , tink is laying me down on my bed .
certainly jason 's life was worth the risk , but what if it was poisonhe was going to die regardless and my existence would end shortly afterthis entire thing was my fault already .
just one more thing to embarrass us .
he could see that she did nt want the same thing to occur with him .
it seemed too eerie that she would mention such a gruesome thing .
zack was telling me about an interesting thing .
chapter 46 i just heard the craziest thing , billy said , barging into lorenzos classroom during their free period .
its been one thing after another since the death of lindsey .
now that i look backthe same thing happened to me .
this transaction , this thing that was happening between them tonight must be kept anonymous , a secret , until she was sure anton liked her .
it felt so wonderful and so beautiful that she was lost in an endless world of pleasure and magic , and when she woke again , the next thing she knew , she had already walked out of the hotel and was now wandering around the streets aimlessly like shed lost her mind .
from first thing in the morning when shed fantasized about kissing hunter , to being carried by hunter because she could nt walk due to her sore feet , to finding out hunter was the other silverton heir , to hunter sitting next to her during lunch , and then to hugging hunter when she found out she was pregnant .
i just assumed there 's some guy at this thing you want to impress . ''
the combination of the cool glass and his warm skin caused havoc with my senses , but one thing i knew for sureevery part of me was aware of him .
next thing i knew , reece was picking you up .
next thing i knew they 'd grown up and not a single one of them knew how to get themselves a nice girl . ''
the funny thing is that there were supposed to be strippers at the party .
sounds like you ve done this type of thing before .
no , i m beginning to think this is probably a case of a random home invasion type of thing , he said .
they do nt usually get involved in something unless its a national security issue , bank robberies , white collar crimes , kidnapping ... that sort of thing .
they re hot and sweaty and i can feel every rock and pokey thing .
i mean , they must have had something to do with the arizona thing , obviously , but to end up murdered ?
janet is right about one thing , jim said .
as a result , the company rakes in millions of dollars that they say is going to worthy causes such as starving children , abused women , animal cruelty , environmental issues ... all that sort of thing , when in fact , the money is redirected into other activities .
when i got back to the penthouse and stepped out of my cab , the first thing that happened was aidens driver who was seated in the podium area got up and said , miss valentine , you do nt have to pay for a cab .
another thing i was nt aware of until years later .
maybe he had an explanation * * * i got up early the next day and the first thing i did was check my phone .
it was the best thing that could have happened , and at a time when i needed it the most .
next to his mother , he was the best thing that ever happened to me .
one would think going to these things would be exciting , but when a guys been to enough of them over the years , the thrill of it all quickly leaves .
the whole thing would be some sick way of letting them know what happened to me .
yeah , sure thing , i lied .
the sight was , frankly , the most adorable thing i d ever seen .
i could nt listen to her words , because in that moment only one thing occurred to me .
if i did nt know any better i d say mr . drake planned the whole thing on purpose .
the only thing that happened is that she took fathers money .
i held out my hand but lowered it when she pulled back and did the weirdest thing .
but the actual thing , unfolding right in front of her eyes in its full splendor , was beyond what even she could imagine .
the thing that could excite the immortals of the earth more than the presence of the cure inventor , would have to be no less than the discovery of another planet fit for human habitation .
its not that i do nt trust you , daniel , i m just skeptical cause its such an unusual thing , you understand .
the next thing that happened , though , was very different from what would normally happened in her own hovermobile .
to steer hovercars manually was an extremely rare thing for people to do in the 22nd century .
most people would nt forgive this sort of thing easily , they would hold a grudge for lifes too short for grudges , amari , daniel interrupted , well , at least as far as i m concerned .
no , it happened last thing on friday , right after you left , amari replied .
no , daniel replied , i have a pr company now , we organize events , advertising campaigns , this sort of thing .
next thing the door burst open and frankie barged in with horrified expression on his face .
they had a meeting with the team first thing in the morning , then they would spend time with the band members , gathering information for their new marketing strategy .
that was the most romantic thing i ve ever experienced , amari whispered when all they could see was pink glow stretching across the sky , marking the spot where the sun had hidden .
it was the first thing i tried to add to the calendar , but they wo nt even discuss it .
dorothy and i were very intimidated by the whole thing , we were nt told everything at the time .
weirdest thing happened .
why ca nt things like that happen in real life , rose ?
both of our families had gotten together for a christmas eve party thing , and he had it all set up to pull the ring off the tree .
i think this is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me other than you agreeing to marry me .
i have to heavily medicate myself to endure the whole thing .
any good thing i try to remember gets stamped out by seeing those guys .
the whole thing was very routine , no one was severely injured and we were tired , hungry and ready to get back to our outpost .
i vow to tell tess first thing in the morning and have her show me how to use the satellite phone .
` ` this is the taco salad you asked me to make for that church thing you have today .
not an unusual thing for spring in the virginia coast lands .
there 's some kind of family hierarchy thing .
her thoughts drifted wildly from one thing to another .
it seemed to abbey that she had a tape recording in her head for this sort of thing .
` ` you know after a funeral , the oddest thing happens .
` ` well , i was n't sure how long this thing would go on , you know . ''
one thing the song leaves out thoughthey only have six months from taking the oath to find a bride . ''
she probably remembered him because of the car thing , but he did nt have any reason to think she liked him let alone liked him like that .
working for jude was the last thing she expected .
it seemed like the most natural thing in the world to let his hand rest on her shoulder .
and then jude was standing on her porch , carrying pizza and beer and leaning in to kiss her on the cheek like it was the most natural thing in the world .
the only thing that would make it better would be if they did nt have two layers of life preserver between them and he could feel her breasts press against his back .
the if she thinks she s going to sneak out of my bed in the middle of the night and walk away from something this good , she s got another thing coming litany played on a loop in his head as he drove the few blocks to her house .
next thing i know , a letter comes and its from a woman .
the only good thing i can think of coming out of this is that i get out of going to that stupid ball .
i did nt know if he thought i d crumble into a ball of tears or what , but he had another thing coming if he d come to that conclusion .
the last thing i remembered before falling totally asleep was an actress driving down a highway with a van full of puppies .
the only thing you ve got going for you is that my stalker has moved ahead of you in the list of people i want to hurt .
nowadays those come pretty standard in rooms , he said , as if it was the most obvious thing in the world .
perhaps the mechanical malfunction on the delta jet was the best thing that could have happened .
one thing she wo nt tolerate in her house is rudeness to a guest .
she came on to me once at the house and , well , one thing led to another .
it was an impromptu thing , he said .
besides , i m not up for a double date kind of thing .
but i do know one thing you did nt have real love with robert .
he swore i was the best thing that had ever happened to him , and if i came back , he would treat me like a queen .
i think this is the most romantic thing in the world !
a fellow students death was the kind of thing that linked you together .
right up until the day before , she was looking forward to the whole thing without a cloud on her horizon , but then sugar turned up and tully knew the moment she heard her older sisters voice coming from the kitchen when she let herself in the front door after school that prom was spoiled now .
maybe just alcohol and pot or weed , or whatever was the latest cool thing to call the stuff .
the last thing sugar wanted was to sit somewhere like that , listening to a lot of cozy gossip that would shift , as soon as she left the place , into gossip about her .
but if there was a list of unlooked - for joys that tully had discovered since shed come home to marietta , the thing the fling with ren would be at the very top if itabove the blossoming warmth in her relationship with sugar , above the scary possibility of someday having a new brother to love , above even the magical mysteries of copper mountain chocolatesalthough admittedly that last one was close .
well , i mind , because i want to see you , and i do have this candle thing going on up here , which was supposed to be a surprise , but we can do it another time .
we say hello at the rodeo , and that kind of thing .
he hardly dares to word even to himself what this all thing could be .
but this thing proves that she is going to speak about this soon .
the man did nt understand what heni meant in this odd thing .
- it was completely clear for me too how much hopeless my situation was before it worked out exceptionally for me , what they only daydream about , we should nt convince them of how bad that situation is , its already enough grievous for them , and when they also remind them , there is nt worse thing than this .
mainly because you really are nt a reason of anything the man answered during dried henis tears with his hand and was stroking her face and hair calm down , i m going to stay alive , the doctors also have said that i well could manage this all thing compared to the situation he was smiling by the way maybe the bullet also would hit me if i let you to stand before me , anyway , you reach only my shoulders !
- but was there anything before this thing what he did nt like in connection with you ?
- so did this all thing how happen ?
i love my parents too but you are who i love the most in the world an dtaht thing that i have talked to them again , remembered me of my old life when you still did nt even know that i exist she was stroking laurences chelst i have met them only two years ago last but i missed you so much through six years !
it seemed like it was efficient because the little heni did nt realize anything of this all thing when he took her home from the nursery school .
and also , we , jehovas witnesses do nt let anybody to rank among us who is susceptible to violence or even suspicious to be a thing like this .
you really think this all thing is my fault ? !
- i also worried when she accepted it because i was afraid of this all thing will be similar what montana has done .
later she was already hoping she will have a bit more time to get ready for the worst thing .
a cluster of saudis are gawking at the latest fastest and best thing evers , and a handful of kids are running around wildly , playing with their little dog .
nay , it is a marvelous thing , thought raife , his joy now complete .
it seems to be the same thing every time .
the worst thing is that he does nt even know why he is looking for mr . xs place in the first place .
i truly believe that internet porn is the greatest thing to happen to mankind since the industrial revolution .
jonas huffed a snort out , and the others joined in , laughing like it was the silliest thing evereveryone , except emilio .
chapter 6 a team effort is a lot of people doing what i say that had to be the craziest thing to ever happen to me .
the next thing i knew , the robot was sitting up on the table .
chapter 16 when choosing between evils , i always pick the one i ve never tried the alarm blaring was the next thing i heard .
i thought it was an awesome thing to move my phone .
it was an important thing to communicate , so i was nt even abusing my power .
i do nt think i saw the whole thing , but at one point you were concentrating on me so hard you started projecting the images to me .
we should get some sleep , so we can head out and see if you like the place first thing .
it was a dangerous thing to remember a rogue lovers touch .
swallowing the pill of truth can be a hell of a thing .
` ` is n't that the sweetest thing you ever saw ? ''
she stomped through the snow to the next house , only to have the same thing happen again , and then the house after that , and then the fourth one .
what nasty , heart - wrenching thing do you want to torment me with next ? ''
the nicest thing that could be said about this kitchen darcy thought grimly was that its fittings looked original .
it would have to stay in here for the night and shed deal with the fleas first thing tomorrow .
ill go and check it out first thing wednesday morning after i take connor to school .
beautiful small buildings like this were like jewels and as rare as hens teeth it put her in mind of the cottage in the middle of the garden at sissinghurst castle , that kind of thing could nt be manufactured , it just had to happen but , unlike most national trust properties , shed like to see this one lived in .
darcy blushed becomingly and started to apologise for her wandering attention but he cut her off in mid - apology , saying that listening to others drone on in a language one did not understand was never an easy thing .
great thought darcy checked over by the mother next thing shed be opening her mouth to inspect her teeth .
darcy waved her hands tremulously either side of her head to give a visual on what the girl thing had looked like .
darcy spoke slowly , considering her words before she uttered them , if you ve been thinking about this for a while and its not just some spontaneous spittin the dummy kinda thing , halley shook her head hard in denial , causing her frizzy hair to bounce in a way that put darcy in mind of frodo running .
one thing i learned about those two was that cale always tried to beat tyler in almost anythingat least when i was around .
the sad thing was i knew tyler would tell bryn .
bryn , it was just a one - time thing .
the first thing i noticed was how pale he looked .
since we do nt have to change every month , like a regular shifter , the same thing would nt have happened to us .
i imagine that s just part of the whole missing for decades thing that both the guys are having trouble getting over , he said .
so , the thing i almost told you about earlier , i started to say after i took my first bite of soup .
i hated the idea that there were more people out there potentially going through the same thing .
i m fairly certain its a one - time thing .
i do nt know if you ve noticed , but we sometimes have the weirdest conversations first thing in the morning .
as far as she was concerned , she was already looking at the most intense thing .
then the craziest thing happened .
i do nt want to sleep , but the next thing i know , he s waking me up .
when a girl shows up at your office without panties , the last thing she wants you thinking is that she s a nice girl .
it will give us a chance to unwind and get to bed early , so we can leave first thing .
the king says be here first thing , were here first thing , sean replied .
that seems like an odd thing to have to do .
i ve lived with scientists poking me , and i wo nt allow the same thing to happen to her .
the next thing i knew , i woke up in nates lap , and saw the worry that was too often in his eyes .
i remember sean and trey being released , but that s the last thing that imprinted in my mind .
not the most joyous thing for a fianc to have to watch , nate added .
a lot of things to see and do in the area , you know , nate said .
we are nt quite ready for uniques to come out of the shadows , and i m not sure your kind of uniqueness is the first thing we want people to witness , i explained .
the only thing that was a little shocking was that rick had nt been perched outside my window until nate joined me .
the last thing i remember was being laid out in a forest clearing .
when i was eight years old , some kids at school told me that there was no such thing as santa claus .
this was the one thing out of all the traditions that i really was interested in , at least tonight with robyn .
it was picture perfect and the only truly bad thing that ever happened to me was a plane crash when i was nineteen years old that took my parents from me .
it was so sweet , the way he set the whole thing up , like he d been thinking about how he wanted to do it for a while .
the next thing i knew , i was in an all - out fervor .
one thing led to another , and we wound up masturbating together , each of us in our own sleeping bag .
the next thing i knew i was on top of him , fucking like i was in a remake ofbrokeback mountain .
the medias going to have a frenzy with this thing .
we were drunk , she started taking her clothes off , one thing led to another i did nt mean for it to happen , i swear .
were a band , and we have to stick together if we want to win this thing .
i barely survived when you left me last time , and i m terrified of going through the same thing a second time .
it 's the last thing we need to happen right now . ''
the one thing i ' ve actually been trying to avoid till he actually shows me a move and we continue to where we are in full out training mode .
the only thing though is that in her training i know that she is supposed to be ever vigilant to all of the things around her and anything that can be posed as a threat should be watched extra carefully .
the only thing i can hope for is that she is so lost and confused at the moment she passes me there is no chance that she can focus and that sunder does n't see me following her .
the only thing that might change is she may treat her mother a little bit nicer .
it seemed like it was just another thing that happened in my everyday life .
the next thing i know , i was in the bedroom with nate just before you joined him earlier today .
he s reworking the spell detector so this type of thing wo nt happen again .
the thing is with a gun , you need to have it on you .
losing a child is worst thing i can imagine .
my father had an extensive library , a very rare thing in that time , and i found what i sought amongst his books on creatures of folklore .
chapter 11 i sat there for a moment in silence , a rare thing for me , and contemplated his story .
the chocolatier vowed aloud , and this was the last thing tristan remembered before he fell into unconsciousness .
it was during that time that i seduced your father , adrian savant , in his dreamsand the most miraculous thing happened .
that s when the most unexpected thing happened .
next thing issy knew , the two judges had leapt into each others arms and were kissing passionately like a scene from an old , black and white french movie .
i must have fallen asleep for the next thing i remember is the door bursting open and column staggering in .
they have that karaoke thing on next door in the new lounge !
she said laughing.the single most amazing thing she found , was how she had assumed it would not be too much different from ireland .
the truth is , i always observe and i never miss a thing .
i knew deirdre would have enjoyed that i had witnessed the whole thing , but i did nt have the heart to let fintan know i had .
so there i am all spruced up and anticipating a nice pint of guinness when next thing i hear is oh oh .
like it was the most normal thing in the world to make a six hour roundtrip just because she forgot something !
i thought to myself , even if this proves to be the most humiliating thing to happen for me ( the second , i should say ) it would be worth it , to have uplifted the girls in this manner .
nuala asked , did we really just get interviewed for tv or did i just dream this whole thing up ? !
besides , the worst thing that can happen to a drinking man is to be made unwelcome in his local pub !
and this is the next strange thing i vividly remember about that evening ; somehow i had become overwhelmed with the memory of my father , provoked by something i was not able to identify exactly , although deep inside it felt like i knew the reason for the sudden recollection of my fathers memory .
christopher , you re the best thing that has ever happened to me .
he said , as if it was the most natural thing .
she gave me the impression she was enjoying the whole thing .
then the most unexpected thing happened to pull me out of the blackness i was so eagerly subsiding into .
i was impressed by their enthusiasm and next thing i knew , i was opening boxes of colorful childrens books and started organizing the bookcase .
the last thing i heard was well take over from here .
two weeks before christmas , the most unexpected thing happened .
your abilities and level of maturity over the past several months amaze me , but jacob , the hardest thing for us to see is that our striking out can hurt those that we love and are trying to protect more .
laurels in a pretty bad place , when i slammed into her , i saw some things that have been happening to her and i gasp as i wonder if the darkness and screams i heard but that showed no images may have to do with her being hurt earlier .
the only other thing that i saw was that he was a police officer .
the next thing i know , someone is calling to me .
his being involved in the accident , even though it was not his fault may be the best thing that could have happened to laurel because i m telling you , she has changed and for the better .
it is believed that saria fought them and that even sahir had appeared , somehow escaping from the beyond , they were successful at first in banishing the demons and protecting those on board , but then the strangest thing happened .
she is right about one thing sahir looks exactly like andrew except with longer hair and the boy has his eyes with a hint of hers .
your unintentional image sharing of your conversion was not the only thing that i was privileged to see during our little exercise down stairs .
changing gives me a split second in time where i can grab hold of him , but i have to put things in place so that many things can happen at once .
the first thing she noticed was that thomas no longer touched her hand .
the ride home was quiet , leaving anna to come to terms with one thing .
to anyone else , this would have been the most bizarre thing ever to happen to him or her .
while i had heard of such a thing before , i d never come across a person who claimed to actually do it in real life .
it hit me thenthis entire thing was real .
the only positive thing that happened in that office , besides fucking a warm mouth , was now i had a first name for my lap girl .
she 's silent throughout the whole thing , but she 's just as into it as i am .
with this i leaned across the desk , narrowing my eyes as i said in a softer , more intimate tone , i never mind the sight of you first thing in the morning , especially when you re telling me what to do .
is nt that usually the standard thing that happens when somebody falls in love ?
i immediately started chastising myself when i realized she must have wheeled me down a hallway or something and i had nt noticed a single thing .
who was lying about their symptoms and who was here for a chat and a gawk at the new doctor , that kind of thing .
he stood back and let ben and layla in , while sylvia clapped her hands in glee , and said that the only thing better than them coming for christmas would be them coming for hanukkah , because it was sooner , and yes well , thinking about it they d have to come for hanukkah .
juan had planned the whole thing the night adrian told him her parents would be out of town .
first thing tomorrow , shed buy a bed .
he would call her first thing tomorrow morning .
but the first thing she noticedan apartment twice the size of hers and , dare she admit it , much cleaner .
he left first thing thursday morning , earlier than his scheduled afternoon flight .
the police tell me you witnessed the whole thing .
she wondered if he had witnessed the whole thing on video .
i know its a rare , rare thing .
the worst thing that can happen is she says no in front of two of my students .
we ve got that stupid prep - rally thing this morning .
first thing this morning .
for one thing this takes far too long and i do n't have the patience for such antics .
unfortunately , the next thing that i saw clearly was the last thing on earth that i needed to see , or so i thought , at the time .
the thing is , there 's too much to it .
` ` if anything ... any single thing even starts to go off course and i phone you at your parents ' , you are on the next plane home .
some sweepstakes thing .
i helped him into his chair first thing , and he says he does n't want to be a do - nothing .
did you ever hear of such a thing ? ''
david says you were the best thing to happen to bud maybe ever . ''
` ` the thing is , '' lander said .
` ` funniest thing , though .
jocelyn was always phoning to ask if ilona wanted to go shopping or to a night club or some such thing , but ilona only took her up on the offers occasionally .
this was nt the first time her heart had stopped at the sight of someone in the distance who had the same hair colour or way of walking , but this time it had nt been just one thing or another .
oh for heavens sake ilona , it was a dream even if the whole thing did seem extraordinarily real .
the whole thing happened so fast that when ilona finally registered the need to get out of the way , it was too late .
dying was a difficult thing to cope with but he hoped the honeymoon he d save so hard for would go a long way to helping her with that .
the really amusing thing was that in about a week he would no longer be amused , but instead he would be annoyed .
you were at la boulogne with bethany right , so were there and first thing we see is my boss your supervisor , mick ?
she was the absolute best thing that ever happened to you and you were too daft to know it .
next thing , kira heard a crash and rushed to the hall closet , where the umbrella shed used earlier appeared to have opened and fallen .
funny thing , i m just down the street , nicole said .
he said the words as if they were the most normal thing in the world .
the few times she and jeremy traveled or took day trips , he d liken the place they visited to somewhere familiar to him , which she supposed was a common thing to do , but the south african coast was like nothing shed ever imagined .
living your whole life , especially one that spanned millions of years , without fearing a single thing makes you overlook how precious life really is .
i already know you ve seen thing from it you should nt have , but i have to put my foot down when it comes to you trying to dig for more details too soon .
so we have no explanation about the fireball and i do nt want to talk about the other thing we mentioned .
its hard to sleep when your mind has slipped into overdrive , examining every single thing you ve seen the past few days .
i did nt remember whether the knife was a one - time thing , so i could nt just hurl it at the demon and be done with him .
shed seen the same thing in school after school shed been to for as far back as she could remember .
the last thing arianna wanted was to get caught up in a love triangle .
chapter eight a knock on georgianas door was the only thing that could have dragged her attention from her bedroom window .
` ` the only thing that could come between us is infidelity .
` ` you 're the worst thing that 's ever happened to me .
the flash of unnatural y long canine teeth was the last thing she registered before the world went dark .
` ` oh my god , guys , the weirdest thing happened last night at work .
i watched as she scribbled the number down in her ledger , then said , ` ` you know , they have computers for that sort of thing now . ''
i felt a roiling in my gut , and the next thing i knew , i puked .
the thing with stacy , and ... you know . ''
maurice greeley had been in the day before showing off his granddaughter , that kind of thing .
but this thing with your friend and the walnuts ... you said it was at night ?
i came in during the heartfelt please - find - my - father thing , but i did n't want to interrupt . ''
my neighbors were home , but no one seemed to have heard or seen or noticed a thing .
telepathy , however , was not the strangest thing that had happened to me lately , so i went with it .
i looked at it , and the first thing i saw was a picture of a smiling woman with long , wavy brown hair , and underneath her picture , the caption : avery unified teacher holly monroe .
i just walked out of the house without thinking , and the next thing i knew , i was here . ''
the last thing she saw was derek sprinting back toward her .
only one person in the world for you sort of thing ? ''
no , it 's the same week as the thing he goes to every year .
a thing of nothing , chicky explained , and they moved on to talk about plans for the day .
you know , old friends turning up together , maybe going on a trip there with an old pal , that kind of thing .
sometimes when she woke suddenly at night , she wondered had she imagined the whole thing .
as far as she could tell , there was no such thing as an early evening fire in this town .
he had n't intended to be gone all day , but as with many of his fishing trips , one thing had led to the next and he 'd lost track of time .
it was the same thing last year , too . ''
` ` i wish i could have been here for the whole thing , though . ''
and on the following day , it was the same thing .
it was the saddest thing i ' ve ever seen .
but a few minutes after the trailer pulled in , the other guy turned his ankle , and the next thing i knew , i was all by myself .
next thing i know , they were sitting across from earl .
` ` he said the same thing would happen to earl that had happened to missy ryan .
the next thing i remember was that i was in my car , heading for home .
had the same thing happened now , had i known the things i do now , i would n't have done that .
the next thing i knew , it was morning .
his hands were by his side ; in one hand he held a cup of coffee , as if things like this happened every day .
then he leans forward and he says that if i do n't pay up , the same thing is gon na happen to me that happened to missy ryan .
maureen , misreading the whole thing as ` ` young people in love who wanted to be alone , '' practically blushed as she watched them walk away .
in the midst of his grief , sarah put her arms around him , and her touch made his crime seem even worse than the terrible thing it was , for he knew then that his sister still loved him in spite of it .
the whole thing felt surreal .
the next thing i knew , i was in the car . ''
you 're the best thing that 's happened to me since missy died .
hell , you 're the only good thing that happened .
it would have become part of his general description- '' the most awful thing happened to him , '' people would say - and jonah would have had to grow up with those words all around him .
she tried to make excuses for him but the only thing she could imagine was that he was secretly a troll and not who he pretended to be .
but then she 'd flash him such a beguiling smile , he decided he 'd imagined the whole thing .
once the thing actually happened , there was nothing left to fear .
it was the craziest thing to happen to her in years .
` ` i swear you 're about the worst thing that 's ever happened to my ego . ''
the last thing she expected her small confession to provoke in steve was a laugh .
in that moment the oddest thing happened .
he wrinkled his nose as if to suggest that being forced to watch men and women sing and dance was the most disgusting thing he 'd ever had to endure .
perhaps she 'd imagined the whole thing .
the first thing she noticed was that cole had left .
cole 's the best thing that 's ever happened to us . ''
the most amazing thing happened that afternoon .
jeff demanded as though he 'd recently been hired by the state police to make sure this type of thing did n't happen .
the last thing thor saw was his brothers , sitting in the back of the last carriage , looking out at him , disapproving , mocking .
he felt an equal disdain for luanda , who seemed to be enjoying the whole thing .
firth was just not cut out for the sort of thing .
it was the most disgusting thing that had ever happened to him .
as kolk had said , he had started the whole thing .
sometimes the most painful thing is to have an awareness of your destiny , of what will be .
he reached back his fist , and the last thing thor saw was his fist , coming down right for his face .
apparently , mr mi6 knew what kind of thing went on there , and he wondered how .
' insofar as such a thing is possible , sir , ' he replied politely , and wolfe brayed with laughter .
he had n't been looking at the frog ; the last thing he had seen through darkening eyes was the woman - la dame blanche - her face over the cup she 'd given him appalled and white as bone .
hold on as long as he could , keeping a cheerful face , until some small unexpected thing , some bit of emotional debris , struck him through the heart like a hunter 's arrow , and then hurry to find a place to hide , curling up on himself in mindless pain until he could get a grip of himself .
' if it 's a thing i can help ye with , sister , ye ' ve only to ask , ' he said , smiling faintly .
the sight of the drowned young man was in her mind , soft brown hair fanned across his cheek , young eyes half - closed , seeing nothing - and what terrible thing was it that he 'd seen before he jumped , or thought of , that he 'd screamed so ?
the thought of the new things she 'd seen , and the new things to come , distracted her mind - a little - from thoughts of her mother 's voice , the wind off the moors ... she shoved these hastily away , and reached for her new rosary , this a substantial thing with smooth wooden beads , lovely and comforting in the fingers .
she 'd find herself now and then in dangerous places without him - ken how some folk are just the sort as things happen to - so he put it about that she was la dame blanche .
that was the last thing he wanted to happen .
' very likely the same thing you are , ' the frog replied .
i was getting pretty good at handling rejection , i 'll tell you , though that 's not the sort of thing you brag about to your grandkids .
i barely slept that night , i tell you , which was just about the strangest thing i 'd ever experienced .
i planned to ask her first thing in the morning , while i still had my courage , but jamie was n't in school .
unlike those of us who were used to this sort of thing , he 'd never come across someone like jamie before .
angela had probably forgotten how the whole thing started anyway , owing to the amount she 'd had to drink .
instead i 'd joke with my friends about the weird things jamie did and tell fibs about how it was miss garber who had forced me into the whole thing .
now i ' ve heard of confession - that thing when catholics sit behind a screen and tell the priest about all their sins - and that 's the way eric was when he was next to jamie .
she told the class what we were doing , and she asked if other members of the cast would be willing to do their parts as well , so that the orphans could really enjoy the whole thing .
i guess it was the one thing that even i could n't imagine .
but the whole thing was over before the night was through when the guy walked into the police station to give himself up , explaining that it was a bar fight that got out of hand .
the sad thing was , he was probably right .
i did n't want to tell her about our conversations about henry preston because i knew that was n't the sort of thing jamie would want to hear about .
the next thing i knew , the curtain was opening again and i was back in hegbert sullivan 's world , walking past storefronts and looking in windows for the music box my daughter wants for christmas .
but because of jamie 's presence , it really became something special - and i think everyone in the cast was as shocked as i was at how well the whole thing had come off .
being in love with a girl like jamie sullivan was without a doubt the strangest thing i 'd ever been through .
the following day i walked to her house , and the first thing i noticed was that hegbert 's car was n't in the driveway .
i paused and smiled , sort of tilting my head to the side , and the next thing i saw was that she 'd closed her eyes and was tilting her head , too , and that our faces were moving closer together .
when she leaned in to kiss me , i kissed her back , though the whole thing made me want to cry .
so you guys have a ... a thing going ? ''
it was a relief to shed the cloak of secrecy , but also alarming to give people one more thing to gossip about .
` ` it seems a wonderful thing to come out of the wiretapping scandal . ''
i know the timing is terrible and it 's the last thing we expected , but it 's happened and i intend to raise the baby .
the very first thing he saw was a very young child - a girl - huddled on a tattered couch riddled with holes , a takeout box from the sandwich shop down the street from the hardware store perched on her lap .
the last thing she wanted was to give cammie false hope .
eve bit back the tears , determined to stop breaking down at every single thing .
originally , the girls and i were supposed to drive up to that new casino about an hour away , but then ella remembered that joel invited her to some family reunion thing this weekend . ''
the only thing he could hope was that the f**kers did n't take the whole damn place with them .
` ` meg is running a few things and talking to some experts in the uk that have some knowledge on this sort of thing , '' ryder said quietly .
if he did this with her , he knew it would n't be a onetime thing .
the last thing they needed to have happen was kace being called out for being a cop .
it was the same thing that had happened when they were making love .
with all the nasty back - and - forth , colin fought the urge to ask katherine whether she still loved him , because the only thing she hated more than his saying she did n't understand was his asking whether she still loved him .
paradoxically , he felt as if his getting dumped was the only thing happening on the entire dark and silent planet , and also as if it were n't happening at all .
hollis came out then and the first thing she said was , ` ` please do n't interrupt me during working hours , '' and then lindsey said hassan had an asthma attack and forgot his inhaler , and then hollis took off running up the stairs .
they 're like , here 's something i was thinking and then the next thing i was thinking and then et cetera .
and since colin had , not too long before , been dumped by katherine xviii , colin asked marie out on a date , because marie , a perennially tan italian beauty who would have won homecoming queen if the kalman school did that kind of thing , was the hottest girl he had ever , or would ever , come across .
and that 's when the funny thing happened .
so i ' m gon na start sending you out to the other folks in gutshot , factory retirees , and that sort of thing .
for minutes , as they ran in random directions , the buzzing continued , colin always following behind hassan , because the only thing worse than getting stung to death in south - central tennessee when your parents do n't even know you 're on a hog hunt is dying alone .
it 's a beautiful thing to watch - particularly this time , because i like the girl . ''
just when it seemed that very thing was about to happen , she discovered herself willing to do whatever was necessary to keep their relationship intact .
that 's exactly the kind of thing the government 's expecting . ''
leaning her forehead against the side of the hospital bed , julia must have dozed because the next thing she knew alek was there .
` ` one moment i was perfectly fine and the next thing i knew , the room started whirling . ''
` ` this afternoon the craziest thing happened .
he 'd purposely made arrangements with the answering service to avoid this very thing .
` ` i ' ve got appointments starting first thing tomorrow morning .
i 'll be leaving first thing tomorrow morning and landing in fairbanks at some horrible hour .
her intention was to read until her mother woke , but she must have fallen asleep , too , because the next thing she heard was the sound of running water .
to see you repeat my mistakes would be the most tragic thing that could happen to me . ''
i will leave first thing in the morning .
and one thing rosa knew about liam - she 'd known it from the first time she saw him , almost twelve years ago - he loved his mikaela .
the next thing he knew , billy mcallister was standing in front of him , yelling , ` ` what 's your damned problem , brat ? ''
the next thing he knew , mr . monie , the principal , was there , breaking up the fight , blowing his whistle .
in later years , when rosa looked back on it , she wondered how it was that there 'd been no warning of such a thing , no salt thrown in mikaela 's path for good luck , no sun breaking through the clouds .
if there 's one thing kayla knows , it 's the pain of a father who ca n't be bothered to spend time with his child .
these are often powerful , significant memories - weddings , births , that sort of thing .
` ` i did n't think that sort of thing happened until junior high . ''
` ` the funniest thing just happened .
` ` this is the weirdest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life . ''
the same thing happened the first christmas after we buried him .
` ` that would make for a fine thing for my son to come home to , his wife married to another man . ''
she 'll be ready to leave the hospital first thing tomorrow morning .
i 'll speak with the committee members first thing tomorrow morning . ''
karen was the only good thing to come out of her sick marriage .
when he arrived at the house , the first thing he noticed was that the kitchen lights were on .
` ` the crazy thing is i found my handbag .
6 ` ` why would such a thing happen to madge ? ''
` ` i ... i ' ve heard about this sort of thing happening . ''
could his sudden interest in her be the same thing that happened to her brother billy shortly before he became engaged ?
ted started across the lobby , eager to make his escape , when the very thing he 'd feared most happened .
it was a little thing , but i was so angry i damn near put my fist through the wall . ''
this was exactly the type of thing barbara had been so good at organizing .
maureen was n't going to scold karen for speaking to brian , but she wanted to make sure this sort of thing did n't happen again .
i ' m really good at this sort of thing . ''
` ` no ... the funniest thing just happened . ''
` ` this is the saddest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' mercy told her two friends .
` ` i ' m not sure yet , but i do know one thing . ''
when you needed me ... '' he deserved every rotten thing that was happening to him .
` ` i bet catherine did n't think so at the time , but the fact that greg bennett walked out on her was probably the best thing that could ' ve happened .
that was years ago , but even now , as an adult , he generally avoided annual checkups if he could and - the needle was the last thing he noticed until he heard edward 's voice , which seemed to boom at him like a foghorn .
we ' ve kept in touch through the years - christmas cards , that sort of thing .
the surprising thing julie had learned in the past year was that life does go on .
anne could hardly believe marta had said that ... . ` ` i ' m stopping by your place first thing tomorrow , and if this painting is half as good as i think it 'll be , i ' m taking it back to new york .
next thing you know , i ' m stringing the lights .
` ` the thing is , mother , i thought she was different , that i could trust her . ''
` ` well , the thing is , i found a whole new part of myself .
it 's the best thing that 's happened to me in ten years . ''
` ` lucy said the same thing happened to her , '' harry pointed out , reminding his wife of the conversation earlier in the day .
first thing after new year 's , he 'd make the arrangements , he decided , praying god would give him that long .
` ` the most astounding thing happened last night , '' he rushed to tell his wife .
i watched the whole thing through slitted eyelids and came close to launching myself across the room and bitch - slapping the man .
the next thing i knew , i was flat on my back , everything quiet .
i thought i looked nice , but i was already at work and then there was the thing with my car .
` ` you 're telling me , '' lexie agreed , as if fearful of the same thing .
a terrible , terrible thing , mind you , and we 'll all be praying for him - but it also puts us in a bind .
the same thing happened if his mother or father or brothers e - mailed , or if he had to write a letter , or if he wanted to take notes about something he found on the internet .
` ` i ' ve been trying to make sense of it since it happened , but the only thing i ' ve figured out is that in his own twisted way , he thought he was helping me avoid a potential disaster .
same thing today .
however , the same thing happened that night .
jaw clenching , she tilted her head backward and looked him squarely in the eye , saying , ` ` while your company has been charming , i fear i must disappoint you , for i noticed no such thing . ''
as if such a thing had been possible .
it was the most erotic thing he 'd ever experienced , watching her take his finger in her mouth ... feeling the wetness of her tongue as it brushed against him .
the next thing she knew , she was in his arms and he was carrying her across the floor to a large pile of hay , his gaze hot and determined , which should probably have scared her to death but did n't .
she squeezed her eyes shut , and the next thing she felt was his lips - not on her mouth as she had expected - but against her ear .
` ` for i fear they will have to abandon all hope of arranging that grand society wedding they were hoping for - i ' m getting a special license first thing in the morning . ''
the only thing he could hope for was to enjoy the comfort of their beds later , but that would hardly hasten his progress to the altar , nor would it improve his aunt and uncle 's opinion of him if they happened to find out .
her cheeks grew hotter still , though she had n't thought such a thing possible .
` ` good evening , mr . neville , '' she said , amazed by how nonchalant her voice sounded - as if his standing there perched on one of the last rungs of a rickety ladder had been the most natural thing in the world .
she had to try and tamp them down , because the last thing she needed was to fall in love with a man who in spite of his promises and good intentions was very much the rake he 'd always been .
your aunt is right - your husband meeting such an early end was the best thing that could happen to you .
this was exactly the sort of thing that daniel had warned her about , but it was not an outcome she would have expected with the parlor door wide open as it was .
this sort of thing gave eve a migraine .
the publisher thinks i should have seen this y2k thing coming .
it 's a terrible thing to grow up without a father . ''
beth to jennifer > > i did n't know there was such a thing .
and i say it because i trust her , and because i believe that being miserable about some bad thing that might not ever happen wo n't do you any good .
i believe that worrying about a bad thing prepares you for it when it comes .
` ` especially the millard south kid ... there 's such a thing as knowing too much about computers . ''
he slipped it into an envelope and stuck it into greg 's keyboard where greg would see it first thing the next morning .
now it was the thing he waited for .
but i saw this video , not even the whole thing , and i just knew that it was going to be my favorite song for ... for the rest of my life .
the next thing she 'd be reaching out to touch him ... .
kia told her the truth and explained how one thing had led to another .
` ` the next thing , you were phillip 's shadow and engaged to him . ''
then , the next thing she knew , he 'd jerked into a sitting position , throwing her off him .
it was hard to believe she 'd been here twenty - four hours ago , and even then she 'd sworn to herself it was a one - off thing .
` ` then i 'll trade you in , '' he joked and laughed out loud as if it was the funniest thing in the world .
she closed her eyes for a moment , and the next thing she knew was brant gently shaking her awake .
then the same thing happened the following week .
` ` that 's a fool thing to say , '' he said brusquely .
however the first thing he saw when he turned his sports mercedes into her street was the reckless idiot in a red sedan who cut across the road and slammed on his brakes in front of her building .
this would just be another thing for him to accuse her of faking .
danielle knew that was one thing he would n't be , but she could n't say that , in case the woman withdrew the offer .
her mother had been a well - paid doormat to her rich husband , but infidelity was the one thing she had n't been able to accept .
it 's the darnedest thing . ''
the last thing she wanted was him seeing she 'd mistakenly assumed he was talking marriage a minute ago .
the next thing she knew blake was dropping to his knees beside her .
he took his hand away form hers and clamped it over his mouth , shaking his head now , saying , ` ` i pretty much just picked the worst possible thing i could bring up during a first date , did n't i ? ''
watching her die had been one of the most - no , the most difficult thing - dylan had ever experienced .
` ` they could n't have picked a worse thing to be worried about , right ?
some charity thing she organized in allston for old people , the number and email were posted on a web page .
when he walked in , he found the last thing he ever expected to see .
the embrace was the last thing he expected .
making things happen was one thing a valente did extremely well .
the main thing was that she did n't love nick nor had he guessed she 'd been in love with him years ago .
loving nick was no longer the worst thing that could happen in her life .
isabella began to giggle , the sound the most delicious thing he 'd ever heard in his entire life .
first thing this morning she 'd called bridget edge , the managing partner at work , to let her know she would n't be in , that she was taking compassionate leave because her best friend had died .
and she had n't asked because the last thing she 'd wanted was connor asking questions about her estrangement from her father .
that was a rare thing as he was n't normally a man to openly show affection .
i was n't planning on doing that but i 'll call a meeting first thing tomorrow .
she was surrounding him with her tight heat and it was the most pleasurable thing he 'd ever felt .
` ` hey , i do n't want to interrupt but i forgot to tell you gina wanted to invite you over this weekend for some candle party thing she 's throwing , '' he said to jasmine .
she 'd thought the whole thing had been a dream for a moment .
she hated to see her son in pain for any reason but the unbearable heartbreak of him thinking his father was gone was the most horrible thing she 'd ever experienced .
she had laid down , thinking she 'd be awake for hours but the next thing she knew it was morning .
she repeated the vows , while continuing to stare into derek 's eyes and the whole thing passed in a blur .
he had , of course , begged her not to leave and promised it was a one - time thing , that he 'd temporarily lost his mind .
she 'd been swimming and the next thing she remembered was the sexiest guy she 'd ever seen in her life , leaning over her , with panicked eyes .
being a father is about the greatest thing that 's ever happened to me , '' derek said .
her eyes flew open , to look into his terrified eyes and the whole thing came back to her .
she knew it was a natural thing but she still blushed , since drew was sitting there in the room with her .
it was the sexiest thing she 'd ever watched in her life .
her eyes widened in comprehension and if he would ' ve seen only horror in her expression he would ' ve backed off but it was n't the only thing he saw .
the sad thing was she did n't think she 'd ever get to hold her own child in her arms .
in seattle a clear night was a rare thing and that night was no exception .
` ` i could call this whole thing off ... '' douglas threatened , to which damien just smiled .
elle made the whole thing so enjoyable , bree felt as if they were bffs out for an adventure rather than two women who 'd only met the night before .
it was n't the kind of thing you 'd want people getting wind of .
gavin had introduced her to elle and set the whole thing up .
no , she had the whole thing planned .
it was bad enough to have such a terrible thing happen , but to have the whole world know ... tears sprang to her eyes .
it was a close thing before , back when we were two teens heady after years of dancing around the issue .
the casualness of his reply , as if it was the most natural thing in the world , made me feel ill . my stomach churned , suddenly more interested in rejecting my lunch than digesting it .
i wanted it where i 'd see it first thing in the morning , after a good night 's sleep .
the one thing i could expect was that she was always two steps ahead of everything i needed .
this was the most passionate thing i 'd ever experienced .
we 'd never really talked about this thing that was happening , and i thought that was for the best .
it was the most erotic thing i 'd ever experienced .
i get the feeling this was n't a one time thing , for some reason . ''
it was heaven and hell all wrapped up together , and the most intense thing i 'd ever experienced .
we must have passed tall buildings and people on the streets , but i did n't see a thing .
that 's the prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen , my cock sliding in and out of that beautiful mouth of yours . ''
it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen , and i could n't help the sound of longing that escaped me .
` ` that 's the most perfect thing i ' ve ever seen , seeing you take me inside of you like that . ''
they had seemed so comfortable , as if it was the most natural thing in the world for her to be in chloe 's arms .
i was uncomfortable discussing personal issues with all but a few people in my life , and this most personal of all conversations was the last thing i wanted to have with a virtual stranger .
` ` just ... let 's not make this a thing .
i was dying to take off the blindfold , but as she had n't done it yet , i suspected this was another thing i was meant to wait for .
in my opinion , the only interesting thing in those rooms tonight was the fact that he was getting his dance from chloe .
it was her favorite game , the one where i told her every tiny thing i noticed .
` ` there is n't a thing with ziggy .
` ` later , when we were done , and will was stretching on the ground next to me , reaching for his toes , i peeked over at him and said , ` ` so i have this thing tonight . ''
there 's definitely some kind of glowy thing happening in your cheeks .
` ` that 's probably the hottest thing anyone 's ever done to me , hanna . ''
he can barely stay awake for ten seconds once that thing starts . ''
` ` actually , '' he said , and paused as if he was still considering , ` ` i have a late ... thing , for work .
i still have to finish my column ; i have to send it to ben for approval first thing in the morning ! ''
bondage , toys , role playing , that kind of thing . ''
at first she seems to appreciate the chance to calm down again , but then she starts to fidget , and that 's not a very comfortable thing to do when you can hardly move .
i have to admit , i feel a spike of apprehension well up in me , but i know that she knows how that particular thing feels - with or without warmup .
the only thing that causes her to quirm is me actually jutting down the numbers on the paper where the pencil tickles her skin , but i ignore that mostly .
coming in her mouth first thing in the morning is a wonderful experience , and once i can think clearly again i wonder if i should ask her to do it more often .
and the really sad thing is , i never saw it coming .
` ` so , well , when i was over at mandy 's last week to see her updated version of the design , we got talking , and one thing led to another , ... '' she trails off , then shrugs as she reaches into the cups of her bikini top to get rid of some cotton swaps , in the same motion pulling the top down to pool around her waist .
then one thing led to another , and welll- '' ` ` you 're rambling , '' i interrupt her gently , and bella actually rolls her eyes at me .
and she shrugged and said that depends on just how sensitive i am , to which i replied not that much , and - '' ` ` and one thing led to another ? ''
i mean , the worst thing that could happen was either her taking him seriously but being turned off , but they were always so close and comfortable around each other that i could n't imagine more than a few awkward days to come from that .
i had to admit , she 's a fine piece of ass so of course i did n't say no , and we agreed that either way , if this really was just a one - time thing , at least she 'd get the most out of it . ' ''
` ` that was the first thing i told sheila about .
the only thing i did was hold her down somewhat while i kissed her neck and shoulders and did my best to get her all worked up for some doggie style , i really do n't think that anyone can say with a straight face that any of that is even remotely kinky . ''
` ` except for me feeling as if i ' ve stumbled from one thing to the next .
bella gives a whoop at his words that rose echoes with loud clapping , once again making me wonder why i ' m always the last to hear of such things .
i had n't even noticed that he was watching me , but stranger things have happened , and his observation leaves me smiling back at him .
one thing i ' m not surprised at is how easily jazz integrates himself into our daily lives again .
eventually my sphincter gives and i start to relax , enjoying the whole thing a lot more now .
or tries to , but the only thing he receives for his efforts is her badly aimed kick to his leg .
it 's usually a thing of impulsive horniness and opportunity , not a statement of possessiveness .
` ` this wedding has turned into such a thing .
i studied it as casually as i could ; the last thing i wanted to do was raise bull 's attention and let him think i was checking him out .
this kind of thing had become the norm in the will , bennett and max show .
` ` remember that thing i alluded to on the plane ? ''
this is the best thing to happen so far tonight . ''
got that vein thing happening , '' he said , reaching up to tap my forehead before i smacked his hand away .
the second thing i noticed was the low hum of giggles that began near the back rows of seating , and grew louder as sara and my brother moved toward me .
the funny thing is , she does n't look worried .
she can make even the most boring thing fun .
i pointedly ignore the one thing that it might be ... the thing that i ' m hoping like hell it 's not .
that simple little thing sends my heart ricocheting off my rib cage .
that thing that happened to brand and me ... it seriously f**ked me up .
but there was something , one thing that happened that f**ked brand and me up .
as i stare into her wild eyes , i see the worst possible thing i can see .
she 's getting pretty damn tired of scrambled eggs , which is the only thing i can cook . ''
` ` i ' ve seen this kind of thing a thousand times . ''
it used to be a continuous thing , all night long .
` ` labor is supposed to be a gradual thing .
i see her swat at a policeman when he grabs at her wrists , but it 's the last thing i see .
and that 's one thing i know for sure .
the only thing is ... the only thing that gives me pause is ... that he has n't slept with me yet either .
the only thing is ... the only thing that gives me pause is ... that he has n't slept with me yet either .
she died a horrible death and it was the worst thing i ' ve ever seen .
but it does n't matter , because the one thing i need happens ... jacey 's face softens at my words and she nods .
one thing led to another , and they had sex .
` ` i screamed and she cried , but at the end of the day , it boiled down to one thing .
` ` she swore to me that it was a one - time thing , an accident .
it 's our favorite thing to do together .
okay now the fluttery thing my heart was doing had turned into a full blown pounding .
a friend i 'd like you to meet invited us to a thing . ''
this was the last thing i wanted her to witness .
i flick a glance up to him and for the first time , his eyes sparkle fully , but it 's not a good thing .
' this will be the best thing that ever happened to you .
he tosses it in the air like it 's the most natural thing in the world for kate to be at the manor .
the last thing i remember is seeing jesse stood in the doorway looking murderous .
i rest my head against jesse 's firmness and the next thing i know , i ' m being lowered into his huge bed .
it 's quite obvious now that jesse turning up was probably the best thing that could have happened .
if he did n't hurry , he would miss the whole damn thing and madeline gentry would have his head .
the one good thing to come from it all was the additional time she had been spending with seth .
the death of a woman 's dream was a cold , cold thing , and it was a fact , well known in family court , that no woman who 'd gone through a divorce ever saw the world - or love - in quite the same way again .
the funny thing is , the publicity has gotten me clients .
` ` funny thing . ''
she 'd arranged for every single thing that roy had wanted .
the only thing worse than celebrating a marriage would be walking into a hospital .
it was the funniest damn thing ever . ''
it went straight to a woman 's head , that kind of thing .
she ca n't be alone for a thing like this . ''
not much else in between , mainly because everything else in my life just kept coming , one thing after another , and if i started crying , i 'd never have stopped .
the funny thing was , i realized as we sat down together at max and erma 's , we 'd both just kind of assumed we 'd try to ... not pick up where we 'd left off , but move on , be together in some way .
this is n't just a sudden thing for me .
marriage is n't some magical thing .
he'd- '' ` ` well , of course i was , '' jamie said , waving her hand as if it was the most obvious thing in the world .
my car was old and starting to break down from one thing after another , so jeff would often have me drive his yukon if i needed to go somewhere , but it was still his truck , not mine .
the sex , even when it was the same basic thing or two every night , was never stale , never boring .
i know this was n't a traditional thing , but- '' i shut him up with a kiss .
i do n't think that 's any girl 's favorite thing ever , despite what i ' ve heard some chicks claim .
` ` that 's the coolest thing ever . ''
i 'd never been the kind of girl to cry at every little thing , so this was especially frustrating , since i could n't stop it .
` ` before the epidural they were , no lie , the most painful thing i ' ve ever felt .
i was filled with fear and excitement and panic and worry , and it seemed like an important thing to tell him .
she would have to store away her love and try to survive the whole thing .
buildings have contingency plans for when this kind of thing happens , '' he tried to reassure her .
one less thing i have to worry about , '' mark said aloud to himself .
` ` wow mark , this is the coolest thing ever , '' she heard her son say into the microphone .
` ` it was the funnest thing ever , '' trevor exclaimed .
it was several different occurrences , not one single thing that was too alarming but when all the things added up it was starting to creep her out .
the kids are all over at my house and will be tended to and we are off on the company jet to las vegas , '' amy said , as she came bursting into emily 's room first thing in the morning .
mark was impressed the only thing she even bothered to comment on was the violation against her son .
as mark , trevor and her shared an intimate dinner alone together , which was a rare thing ; emily relaxed and ate with her first real appetite in several weeks .
` ` i ' m not acting like a victim , but i need to be very clear when i say it was a one - time thing .
` ` things have happened so quickly and i know she was planning on calling you right away , as a matter of fact , we 'd like to invite you to the wedding since you ' ve been such an asset in molly 's life , '' he said smoothly , taking jennifer 's hand in his and bringing it to his lips , where he gently kissed her palm , sending a tingling sensation all the way down to her toes .
my father forced us into this move back to seattle , and though we wo n't admit it to him , it 's the best thing that could ' ve happened .
everyone went around the room , saying their goodbyes and promising to make the game night a monthly thing .
her arms were wrapped around his neck and it seemed the most natural thing in the world for him to take her lips in a soft kiss .
sleeping with a woman , then moving on to the next was a regular thing for him , she thought bitterly .
the only thing he was upset about was she 'd called him on who he truly was .
the one good thing in the last week was the paper had called , and she had an interview monday morning .
she looked down and searched through her over - sized purse - muttering under her breath that first thing in the morning she 'd finally purchase a clip so she could attach her keys to the handle .
what an imaginable thing for him to witness .
she strained her memory to figure out the last thing she remembered .
just make sure you 're not passing up on a great thing because you 're afraid of getting hurt .
i ' ve never seen you crawl before , but it seems to be a constant thing with kinsey , '' trenton mocked .
` ` it really bothers me when this kind of thing happens .
there are about twenty people standing around who saw the whole thing , '' austin snapped .
he knew this stupid speech by heart - he 'd been hearing it for years , and he knew he would n't miss a thing .
watching her expressions as she tentatively moved her h*ps in a slow circle was about the sexiest damned thing he 'd ever witnessed in his life .
i wanted to press my lips against his , kiss him , make him want to pull me close and do it all over again , except the only thing i managed to do was say , ` ` if you think i deserve more punishment then i accept that and you can do it again if you 'd like . ''
i do know one thing , though . ''
his tone of voice was completely unconvinced that this was a real thing , but i appreciated him favoring me .
i sat there quietly , trying to get into the right mood for this kind of thing .
he 'd mentioned multiple times how he 'd talked to beatrice about this or that , and it just struck me as a typical thing .
` ` always away doing this or that , sparking interest in company holdings , doing press releases , that kind of thing .
it seemed like the kind of thing he might keep secret , though how should i know ?
i knew asher liked this kind of thing , the whole high tech science fiction fantasy feel , but it just seemed so strange .
the first thing hethe saw was the maid .
she lost her balance in the bouncing boat , and the next thing she knew she was tumbling over the side and into the icy water .
i will not die on the birthing bed , '' she assured him , though she really could n't guarantee such a thing .
he searched his memory , trying to find the last thing he recalled , when a movement drew his gaze to the side .
dayne slid inside her and felt one thing .
` ` the hollow 's gotten some publicity over the years , focused on this whole thing .
` ` that kind of thing happens now and again .
could be blood , could be a reincarnation thing .
the thing is , it just circled , making its nasty ' i 'll eat you , my pretty and your big , lazy dog , too . '
` ` it 's more a housewarming kind of thing . ''
` ` i got a feeling , a ... thing .
they keep the folding tables and chairs up there , and that kind of thing .
` ` besides , you knew i was going to offer you the job because you pick up that sort of thing . ''
` ` you pick up on that sort of thing , '' he repeated .
` ` i ' m wondering what was the first thing , event , instance , the first happening , we 'll say , that alerted you something was wrong in town .
` ` was that the only thing that happened that night ? ''
one more thing to celebrate .
the amazing thing was , he 'd given her so much , and she 'd only known him for one day .
it was the only indication , other than the small scratch and the streaks of blood on the previously white cloth in her sister 's hand , that she had n't simply imagined the entire thing .
in all of his life , he could n't remember ever hearing of such a thing happening to a vampire .
` ` then the strangest thing known to vampires happened .
the old vampire had said that she could be killed , but it was not the sort of thing that you could easily test .
the first thing she noticed when she walked into room 212 of the asian cultural center is that all of the people sitting in a circle in molded plastic chairs , all twenty of them , were giving off heat signatures .
one thing she recalled in vivid detail was that this fantasy mother who loved her used to knit .
the next thing she knew , she was huddled on the floor , wishing she was eight years old again and could hide in a closet and pretend her world was safe and secure .
that painful sensation used to corrode her stomach - as if she were somehow responsible for every bad thing that had befallen their lives .
the only good thing that came out of the friendship was meeting you .
odd how these things went , carol mused as she continued to leaf through the pattern book .
next thing i knew , uncle bubba was walkin ' around town with a grin as big as a sink hole .
how anyone could even imagine such a thing was beyond her comprehension .
it was the sort of thing that happened to other women , other marriages , not hers .
the thing courtney resented most was being reminded of it by all those well - meaning folks who assumed it was easy to drop thirty - five pounds .
this was the most wonderful thing to happen to her in ... years .
` ` the thing is , i actually think it 's cool what my mom 's doing .
i found her ex - husband 's devotion rather touching , and there was a certain reassurance in knowing that love can be renewed - not that i expected any such thing in my own life .
winning was possibly the worst thing that could ' ve happened .
the most amazing thing happened .
oh , andrew , the most wonderful thing 's happened !
the first thing she noticed was that the pillows on the sofa were n't the way they 'd been left .
` ` hello again , '' she said as if it was the most natural thing in the world for her to hurry home in the middle of the day .
they 'd been getting along well , and the last thing she wanted now was to be at odds with chrissie over a young man who 'd be in and out of their lives within a few days .
but the first time he wrote , doug asked me not to tell you , so i did n't and then , well ... well , one thing led to another and i just never did . ''
when he reached her , it seemed the most natural thing in the world to walk directly into his arms .
meeting troy 's the best thing that ever happened to me .
how she could ' ve let such a thing happen ... at some point during that night she awoke , disoriented .
` ` i never heard of such a thing . ''
` ` have the roses delivered to this address first thing tomorrow . ''
something had happened to christian ; that was the only thing it could be .
` ` we got the license first thing monday morning and jordan turner married us as soon as the waiting period was over . ''
he talked about one thing and another , and i responded at the appropriate times , but my mind was in a dozen different places .
the thing is , i ' m a lunch buddy for this little girl named ellen and ... well , she 's going to be in a school production and the counselor seemed to think it would help if i could be there . ''
` ` the thing is , i talked to a lady at the pregnancy crisis clinic , and there are a lot more options than i thought . ''
when they left the lanes , it seemed the most natural thing in the world for him to take her hand .
one thing that did register was that there 'd be a home study , which had n't been scheduled yet .
this was the very thing margaret had said would happen , the very thing she 'd warned me about .
this was the very thing margaret had said would happen , the very thing she 'd warned me about .
his father had once told him there was no such thing as bad publicity , but hutch was n't convinced .
` ` what excuse do you have for the same thing happening a second time ? ''
casey bent double with laughter as if this was the funniest thing she 'd ever heard .
before she could decide , clark said , ` ` you can call me any name you like , phoebe , and i 'd probably deserve it , but one thing you have to admit is that i love my dad . ''
` ` the thing is , it sort of looks like him . ''
she exaggerated every little thing that went wrong .
a new influenza was going around ; i saw three cases first thing .
i must have overdone it ; the next thing i knew , linda was standing outside my office , closing the door .
this is just the most wonderful thing that 's happened to me since ... since i met you . ''
in time she 'd recognize that vance 's leaving was the best thing that could have happened .
this thing with vance was kind of eerie because it reminded annie of when her father moved out .
first thing the next morning , she drove him to the doctor again , ready to face down that dragon of a nurse , only to have the doctor explode in anger at her for not getting andrew to the hospital .
` ` the whole thing , '' craig said , equally excited .
it might not be a good analogy , but bethanne feared the same thing would happen with their relationship .
too many people were far too interested in this thing .
` ` do n't you have a little thing called class to go to ? ''
i 'd climbed into the passenger seat , and i must have fallen asleep or passed out , because the last thing i did remember was driving through the darkened forest in the direction of the highway .
the fire department was n't used to dealing with this sort of thing .
` ` is n't this the most ridiculous thing you ' ve ever seen ? ''
` ` this sort of thing 's a challenge , but it 's nice to push yourself against the elements , see who comes out on top . ''
he 'd been thinking about that sort of shit all night , even as she talked about peas and carrots and things like that .
another thing he had to blame himself for .
` ` that a**hole is the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
first me going in the hospital , then the thing about his mom , and now losing you .
that she did n't want to lose him over one stupid lie that had turned out to be the best thing that had ever happened to her .
` ` but the coupon thing had me furious , and then- '' his hand caught hers , stopped her fingers from their dance on his chest .
in a rush , she said , ` ` the first thing i knew , i was in a car trunk .
colin had checked weather reports last night and again first thing this morning .
by the time he finally brought the thing to a close , he was n't surprised to see that bystrom had edged his way to the front , where he shook marc 's hand and kissed helen 's cheek before beaming at nell .
because whatever bad thing happened had been in the dark .
brian cooper first thing tomorrow morning , then lieutenants , sergeants , heads of support departments .
it had been the first thing he 'd noticed when she 'd walked out of the pawnshop , and he had n't dared to get his hopes up .
it was n't one of his better moves , because bethany had been the best thing that had ever happened to jace .
and in an effort to distance us , to prove to myself that she was just sex , i set up a thing in paris . ''
` ` what kind of thing , '' ash growled .
sure enough , when she went in , the first thing she saw was dylan sprawled on her couch , his work boots propped on her coffee table , a wrestling show blaring on her television .
they 'd be sitting down to dinner any minute , and after being coerced into attending this thing , she 'd like to have someone she could talk to .
the first thing she saw when she reached the baggage claim area , though , was a uniformed hispanic man holding a sign that said ` ` red - wine . ''
the first thing jenner noticed was that faith was not alone .
fear made her so , and the last thing she 'd seen was the rifle butt .
he swung , and the next thing rollie felt was incredible pain along her jaw as she landed on her ass .
* * * the first thing rollie realized when she finally came to was that her neck ached like a son of a bitch .
` ` get rid of them , '' i whispered to gee who was sitting there surprisingly quiet watching the whole thing .
` ` um , well , see here is the thing .
it 's a tragic thing that comes for us all .
it was a tragic thing to humans .
before he left the stage , he looked at jack griffin and olivia - and then bob did the oddest thing .
he parked at the curb and cut the engine and then said the oddest thing .
the first thing that came to grace 's mind was kelly and the baby .
` ` i do n't know where your father is , '' she told her , ` ` and there are no guarantees i ever will , but i ' m sure of one thing .
meeting you was the best thing that ever happened to me .
` ` i ' m absolutely enthralled with the whole thing . ''
' busy today , ' ' no letter from jacob , ' that kind of thing . ''
` ` the same thing happened all over again . ''
he wanted to know how you were - that sort of thing . ''
` ` the thing is , i thought i 'd be the happiest man alive when this game sold . ''
` ` the thing is , mary jo and i ran into a problem in our research .
when she stepped into the gallery , the first thing she heard was miranda 's raised voice .
` ` the thing is , mom , jack and i are trying to avoid sweets . ''
the ironic thing was , she 'd done it for him .
it 's going to be the biggest thing since world of warcraft . ''
but it was the best thing that could ' ve happened to him .
lori is the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
after several telephone conversations , it was agreed that he 'd fly in for their mother 's surgery , which was scheduled first thing the following morning .
after seventeen years of what she 'd believed to be a reasonably good marriage , zach 's infidelity was the last thing she 'd expected .
women enjoyed that sort of thing , he guessed .
` ` what 's the worst thing that can happen ? ''
i ' m telling you right now , there was n't a damn thing out of the ordinary . ''
` ` i just know i ' m going to ruin everything and cry through the entire thing . ''
` ` i ca n't find a thing to eat in here . ''
the only thing he 'd ever organized in his life was the front page of the newspaper .
` ` first thing monday morning , i ' m going to apply for a job . ''
` ` then there 's this thing with ben , '' he added , scowling .
because of the pregnancy , all her hormones were out of control ; the smallest thing set her off .
the really crazy thing was that rachel 's client was mad at this jerk 's girlfriend !
we were aghast that such a thing could happen .
` ` it 's a terrible thing to lose a limb , especially at his age , '' winifred said .
it 's that bogart and bacall thing , '' alexie declared .
` ` nope , not a thing . ''
you 're the only good thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
next thing i knew , child protective services are all over my ass like i was the one who lit that match . ''
` ` and when you resubmitted it , the same thing happened .
` ` it was the oddest thing ... . '' ` ` what was ? ''
the next thing she knew , her husband was sitting on the bed , his arm around her waist .
` ` i 'll call her first thing in the morning .
even if he married jillian , which was by no means a sure thing , the house was big enough for all of them .
` ` i ' m a stranger and you took me in without question and , well ... i did n't think that kind of thing happened in this day and age . ''
` ` lunch or coffee , that sort of thing . ''
she asked , as if this would be truly dreadful , the most dreadful thing she could imagine .
on the contrary , he figured that having mary jo and noelle this close might be the best thing to happen to him in a long , long time .
even then daring him to do something , like climb the steeply pitched roof of their manor house , had resulted in the same thing : an angry blue flame in his eyes , a set jaw , and sometimes will with a broken leg or arm at the end of it .
it had been the one thing in the past few years that had made him feel fortunate : that he had someone in his life who knew him , knew what he was thinking before he said it out loud .
the worst thing that could happen is that we turn up nothing , which is exactly what we 're turning up right now . ''
` ` he and my father were friends once , but then they had a fal ing - out - some dreadful thing , absolutely ages ago , but they never spoke again . ''
the last thing she needed was some pretty shadowhunter boy taking advantage of her .
then uncle silas broke the law - a tiny thing , a minor infraction - and fairchild discovered it .
i love you , he had said to her , and kissed her , as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
was such a thing even possible , outside of fairy tales ?
` ` like crystal , '' will said , returning his gaze to tessa , and the same thing happened again .
he'l be so close to you- '' ` ` it will be the worst thing in the world , '' sophie said , and suddenly her eyes were full of tears .
her mind was caught up in going over a peculiar thing that had occurred just after she 'd left the council chambers and was waiting for the branwel s ' carriage .
` ` so is this going to be an ongoing little thing between us - you giving me a bottle cap every time you see me ? ''
` ` so , yes , it 'll be our little thing , along with me calling you molly occasionally , too . ''
the only reason why i kissed gavin was because i did n't see the whole thing .
and the thing is my dads love my mom more than anything .
` ` the thing is ... '' he trailed off then ran his free hand over his head .
her brother had very nearly screwed up the best thing that had ever happened to him .
` ` the thing is , the whole reason we found out about joel and that you 'd ... misled us in the beginning was because we talked to a woman who i ' m guessing is one of his girls . ''
` ` we 'll meet at mom and the dads ' place first thing in the morning at eight .
and lauren was the best thing that ever happened to either him or noah .
i know because i saw the same damn thing . ''
this thing with lily happened so fast .
the next thing i know , i ' m bowled over by a woman who 's in the worst sort of circumstances , and worse , i do n't know anything about her .
the problem is , the same thing happened with michael and then dillon . ''
it was n't as if she had experience with this kind of thing .
the colters were tight - knit and it seemed the most natural thing in the world that they would have spoken to their parents about her situation .
what happened was a terrible , horrific thing that no mother should ever have to endure .
a terrible , terrible thing happened to us , and you should have been there when i needed you the most .
the next thing callie knew , max was back , holding more ibuprofen in his hand .
he 'd very nearly messed up the best thing that had ever happened to him , but thank god for callie 's forgiving spirit because he 'd messed up not once , but twice .
you 'd think it would happen in the blink of an eye , a thing like this , an airplane falling out of the sky , but the truth is that every second feels like an hour .
` ` the funny thing is , i used to be a real loudmouth , back in the pubs in dublin , when i was a lad .
i know how a thing like this happens .
the first thing i see is my left shoe .
the quelling of it is the saddest thing i ' ve ever seen .
no , that was the one thing i could n't forgive . ''
it seemed rude not to , but it was also a terrible thing to prolong the charade .
the next thing he knew , he had celia in a giant bear hug , swinging her around in a circle .
there was no such thing as a quick trip to the grocery to pick up a few items ; grocery shopping involved a one - hour trip each way , so she made the journey every other week and bought mountains of supplies .
what with one thing and another , it was after one o'clock before cate had a chance to get upstairs .
mellor must have seen the same thing , she thought , that telltale little motion , and decided to do things calvin 's way .
therefore he had to make certain the first thing did n't happen , and the second one did .
hugh toxtel was no one 's flunky , but neither was he so full of himself that he took umbrage at every little thing .
` ` the first thing they saw when we got home was the riding lawn mower , '' her mother continued .
` ` next thing they knew , the guy calling himself mellor came through the door with a pistol in his hand , demanding cate give them the stuff layton had left behind . ''
the next thing cate knew , maureen was cutting the legs out of some of perry 's thermal - knit underwear .
` ` actually , i think it 's just separate parts of one big thing . ''
most of the tune abcs were explained away as exotic animals released into the woods when they became too hard to handle or too big to fit in an apartment funny thing was , no one ever found them .
the next thing i knew , the sun was up .
` ` i saw the same thing you did , '' i said .
caring for adam and his son was the first thing that had felt right in a long , long time .
for him , the same thing must happen under the crescent moon . ''
` ` insofar as such a thing is possible , sir , '' he replied politely , and wolfe brayed with laughter .
first thing this morning , i called her and we talked for two hours .
best thing that ever happened to him . ''
i ' m faxing in my resignation first thing tomorrow morning . ''
if either of those things had happened , no one noticed before her human mask fell back into place .
he had the vaguest sense of having drunk her blood , as well as the vaguest sense that it had been the best thing he 'd ever tasted .
i opened my eyes , and the first thing i saw was nic .
getting in that bed would lead to one thing - several times .
i heard the same thing 's been happening in fairhaven . ''
` ` i have never seen such a thing in all of my life . ''
` ` you can try and convince me to leave you for the rest of our lives , but the only thing that 'll make me go is your telling me you do n't love me . ''
the next thing he knew , he was crushed into the back corner of a crowded elevator and had no memory of getting on it .
the only thing close to a vision that she 'd had was when she saw that nurse , dina , falling on some stairs - and she 'd been on painkillers at the time , so that could have had something to do with seeing things .
the only thing close to a vision that she 'd had was when she saw that nurse , dina , falling on some stairs - and she 'd been on painkillers at the time , so that could have had something to do with seeing things .
getting killed , again , was n't the only bad thing that could happen to her .
but i saw your face , saw your expression when you looked past me and saw ... something else , something that had to be the most beautiful thing you 'd ever seen .
we 'd gone this morning , a quick and dirty thing against the bathroom wall , satisfying its own way , hot and hard and lustful .
the funny thing was that while i was hurt , of course , i was n't devastated like i would have been , once upon a time .
when he finally dragged me away from his mother , i was still trying to hold on to my irritation over whatever petty thing we 'd spatted about .
` ` you only need to know that the same thing is n't going to happen to you . ''
she 'd seen her share of horror films , but nothing could have prepared her for the real thing .
` ` because if there 's one thing caleb ca n't stand , it 's turning his back on a woman in trouble .
it was the most amazing thing she 'd ever experienced in her life .
` ` and you 're worried the same thing might happen for you . ''
david was n't sure , but he knew one thing .
david pulled in a deep breath and tried to recaffthe last thing he could remember .
the last thing she needed was to have stacie panic and cal the police .
i ' ve seen the same kind of thing in a couple of my buddies who fought in ' nam .
it had been a close thing , and he knew that if he watched her getting out of the shower , he 'd be a goner .
it was a miraculous thing to behold .
he 'd been right by her side through the nightmares - both the real thing and now the ghostly remnants of it .
` ` then that gives you a whole day after the damn thing to get the girl to talk . ''
he 'd warned himself about this very thing happening .
i 'll go see the police first thing tomorrow and see what they have to say . ''
she asked , and he could hear in her tone that he now had her full attention , which was a truly rare thing for anyone but david or their new son .
the next thing she knew , grant 's furious face filled her vision .
he had n't killed her in his rage , though it had been a close thing .
it was the best thing that had happened to her since the night rachel was born .
` ` the same thing will happen to you , too , if you do n't listen . ''
` ` this is n't the kind of thing you can predict .
besides , it was the most amazing thing she had yet experienced in her life .
she must have fallen asleep in the hot water , for the next thing evelinde knew , mildrede was back , three maids on her heels and the water she reclined in was now tepid .
what with one thing and another , evelinde had quite forgotten all about losing his pin until cullen had gone in search of it .
the only thing that might suggest darach had n't been jenny 's lover was that tavis had told her that his father had ridden out of the bailey just before jenny had gone for her walk the day she 'd come back weeping and fled .
ebenezer duck and his band of waddling followers rushed up to her , with ebenezer squawking his displeasure at having to wait so long for the grain she usually scattered first thing in the morning .
the only thing we noticed was where she dragged shells up from the beach on a tarp ! ''
she 'd even tried to sketch a few times , but it was a terrible thing to reach for a talent too late and come up empty - handed .
` ` it 's a horrible thing , losing someone you love by inches ... ...
after this grayland thing , they 're finally ready to listen .
how was it that she 'd never imagined such a thing , though she 'd been driving for years ?
you know , catholics and protestants coming together on the soccer field or some damned thing . ''
the only thing worse would be to stay in the apartment by myself and watch her stupid flowers die . ''
elizabeth had never imagined such a thing .
i was going to fly out to be with her for the weekend , but then this thing at work -- '' ` ` do n't even finish that sentence .
` ` it 's never easy to start a thing , '' anita said , barely looking up .
it was a terrible thing for a father to watch .
` ` you know what the really shitty thing about that confession is ?
scandal was the one thing walter would n't tolerate .
it 's practically a mardi gras type thing , is n't it ? ''
but standing beside her brought home that he had n't imagined a thing .
yet when she 'd opened the door of guy 's apartment that evening , the last thing she 'd expected had been jeff .
one thing his father 's death had brought home was it was often better to say nothing than to mouth an inane bunch of platitudes at someone 's loss .
` ` then how do you know he 's aware there 's some thing going on ? ''
` ` but i made a vow that i 'd never put myself in the position for the same thing to happen to me .
the only thing she wanted to cook up for gavin jarrod was food poisoning .
name one thing that 's happened between us that feels phony . ''
unless he sleeps through the whole thing .
she 'd like to think he would have called or texted her about that sort of thing , or even had diana contact her , but perhaps he 'd been too sick even for that .
hancock being here in these mountains could only mean one thing .
the last thing she remembered was reaching rio 's teammates and having the last of her strength flee .
but here 's the thing , and maybe you already know this .
she could hear every single thing that had occurred .
` ` damndest thing i ever saw . ''
eleanor did n't want this new talking thing - like , really talking , back and forth and smiling at each other - to stop .
especially when just being park 's friend was pretty much the best thing that had ever happened to her .
if you were watching them now ( and you totally could because the windows were n't fogged over yet ) you 'd think that eleanor and park did this kind of thing all the time .
he was right , the worst thing that would happen to him ( barring some terrible accident ) was that he 'd be grounded .
none of his friend 's parents were still together , and in every case that seemed like the number one thing that had gone wrong with his friends ' lives .
one thing led to another ... '' ` ` should i be worried ? ''
when we were together , he 'd f**k me before bed , first thing in the morning , and sometimes fit in a quickie during the course of the day .
i just found out we 're both going to be at that six - ninths thing tomorrow ! ''
the last thing i expected to find were so many pictures of me in his photo album .
` ` does that mean we can skip going to this thing ? ''
next thing i know , derek , still snot faced and angry , is on top of the fireman throwing punches ultimate fighter style at the back of his head .
the last thing she sees is me making a cut it out motion with my hand as my head ducks below to the first level .
the next thing i know , he 's passing me a note .
` ` i do n't even want to know how you got such information , but i can tell you one thing .
i ate way too many shrimp , and those little buggers are freakishly rich and making my stomach do this heave - ho type thing with every breath i take .
i realize it was a horrible thing to witness , but for her to completely fall apart like this , well , do you think she has some mental issues you might be unaware of ? ''
you know , for yelling at me and the awful hissing thing you did .
anyway , see the thing is i did n't hang around and postpone our departure so i could chat with you and you could ask me a million questions .
her leaving was the best damn thing that could happen .
tate would assume i 'd planned the whole thing , and she 'd know that i would be thrilled about her humiliation .
i had n't seen or heard a thing from tate all weekend .
she walked up and was the only thing i saw .
i did n't want to miss a thing , so i kept my hands off of her until she stood almost nak*d in front of me .
by the time he left work that evening he was wondering if he had imagined the whole thing .
the next thing i knew , the statue just fell over . ''
she was so busy fretting over what she 'd done to annoy daniel this time , she almost did n't realize the momentous thing that happened : the second before the lobby door closed behind him , the shadow slipped through it and into the night .
luce had no idea what this social thing was , but she was supposed to meet penn beforehand .
or , more likely , that kind of thing did n't happen to gabbe .
an amazing thing happened : the shadow recoiled , rearing back like an injured dog .
` ` it 's the strangest thing . ''
` ` it should be right here between the dictionary of angels and this god - awful billy graham fire - and - brimstone thing . ''
they 'd done this kind of thing at dover all the time .
` ` thing is ... he just inhaled a lot more of that smoke than you did , honey - ` ` ` ` he did not , '' arriane spat .
like they saw this kind of thing happen all the time .
when she finally got the courage to glance at him , he was giving her a strange , disturbing , mournful look - one in which his eyes turned down at the corners and their particular gray was the saddest thing luce had ever seen .
enclosed you will find every single minuscule thing that happened to me over the past two weeks .
at first the idea had felt so foreign , but now that she was getting used to it , she thought it might just be the most romantic thing that had ever happened in the history of the world .
the only thing it does n't explain is what on earth you 're doing with me .
she had n't realized it until now , but a part of her had wondered whether she 'd ever see him again , whether the whole thing might have been a dream .
` ` and the thing is , i just miss you , luce .
` ` the thing with the announcers is demonstrating control .
sword and cross was a miserable place , but it was a place where things had happened to her .
a thrown re ection , nothing special under ordinary circumstances , but tonight the last thing daniel had been expecting .
there was just one thing that was wrong .
she wanted to scream , to stop every disappearing thing .
` ` besides , if daniel does n't show at this valentine 's thing , he 's got a good reason - i ' m sure of it . ''
the last thing luce saw before her head dipped under the water seemed to happen in slow motion : the green - gray church spire bowed over in the water , tipping down ever so gently toward her head .
` ` we came to vienna to find this '' -she pointed- '' the desired thing .
` ` his death will be a beautiful thing to behold . ''
in the silence of the meadow , a strange thing happened : another daniel soared up next to lucinda and daniel .
the last thing she remembered was clutching daniel tightly when the cloudsoil boiled black .
i ' m just not used to this kind of thing , '' i replied apologetically .
it was the most erotic thing i 'd ever seen .
georgianna 's loud gasp was the last thing i heard before i left the room .
that sort of thing happened all the time .
she acted as if it were a terrible thing , but ron heard a trace of pride in her voice .
when professor piper walked in , a few minutes late , the first thing cath noticed was that she was smaller than she looked in the photos on her book jackets .
` ` maybe it 's another western nebraska thing , '' wren said .
and this scene was the best thing cath had written all semester ; she knew it was .
` ` does this have something to do with your simon snow thing ? ''
` ` who told you about my simon snow thing ? ''
not this in - between thing that levi had , where his brain could catch the words but could n't hold on to them .
` ` because i can promise you this one small thing ... . '' she let her eyes rest on another one of her favorites and smiled .
this is n't going to be a regular thing , you know .
cath had a lot of nights alone with her dad , but she kept putting off talking to him , really talking to him ; she did n't want to be the thing that made him lose his balance .
it 's usually , like , a special thing , like when you get extra time to make something up . ''
` ` this is the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he said .
maybe it was a rude thing to ask ; she did n't care .
on the weekends that wren was stuck at home , she was so bored , she practically live - blogged the whole thing for cath , sending constant texts and emails .
from the setting under the capitol rotunda to the chief justice to the governor of virginia , this whole thing felt like it was happening in a movie rather than to him .
anxious to stop the stomach thing before it became a full - blown incident , nick said , ` ` we can talk about it later , babe .
but we had an , um , a thing . ''
` ` freddie getting shot was the third thing . ''
this was a traumatic thing . ''
standing under the hot water , she relived the whole thing , from the moment he got into her car until the fatal shot .
` ` after experiencing the real thing , there 's no mistaking a fake . ''
nick was , without a doubt , the best thing to ever happen to her .
` ` about john and julian , what happened to cruz , and then the thing with reese .
you 're a natural and the very best thing that 's happened to our state in years .
` ` it 's just this thing harry mentioned .
` ` so you 're saying someone came in here , tied him up , tossed him in a laundry cart and wheeled him out without anyone seeing a thing ? ''
` ` this thing , with elin , it 's , um , kind of out of character for me .
i 'll get that injunction filed first thing and let you know when it 's done . ''
she set this whole thing up .
` ` that was the funniest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he wheezed .
` ` evy , that was the sweetest thing i ' ve ever seen .
plus , i think he 's kind of embarrassed by the whole thing , being low on cash and all . ''
` ` and believe me , that kind of thing does n't come around every day .
` ` it 's just one thing after another at this point . ''
she cried , her bulging eyes scanning her darkened tv as if she could see the whole thing playing out before her .
the very last thing he wanted to see was bethany in ash 's arms .
you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to jace .
the last thing she saw was jack lunging for her , but he was n't in time .
i wo n't let the same thing happen to ella . ''
and he would be damned if he would let the same thing happen to his ella .
apparently , his sister was attacked by some guy that she was dating and he is afraid the same thing will happen to ella . ''
if there was one thing life had taught him , it was that with every good thing that happens , five bad ones are usually waiting around the corner to bite you in the ass .
he had his answer on the first bad thing when claire and a vaguely familiar attractive woman walked toward him .
` ` he 's the best thing that has ever happened to me .
the whole thing had seemed so strange .
i guess they had a one - night thing years ago when he was home for a weekend and then she had no way to find him when she found out she was pregnant .
the only thing he was grateful for was that he had n't woken ella up by screaming .
the next thing she knew ella jerked awake .
the last thing she heard before she slammed her bedroom door was her mother saying , ` ` maybe it needs cheese . ''
the first thing that happened at the police station was the girls were separated .
one thing led to another , and ... '' she looked sharply at kate .
she tried to memorize everything about his face and how he looked first thing in the morning .
tully stared at her , and though she finally smiled , it was n't the real thing and both of them knew it .
a thing like this will put you on the map .
the next thing she knew , it was morning .
` ` dance is the only thing marah and i do together .
this was the last thing that kate would have expected ; that tully , as on top of the world as she was , would notice her depression .
he stared down at her , and the love in his eyes was the most beautiful , heart - wrenching thing she 'd ever seen .
the same thing happened with william .
not about it , the big thing on the horizon and how it would change them all .
the funny thing was that dying did n't .
the funny thing was that she had n't valued them all highly enough when she 'd had the chance .
* * * the next thing i know , it 's morning .
the cool thing is that i ' m your mother .
it was the sort of thing she would have told her mom about .
` ` the sad thing is that i thought i was fat when i wore this blouse .
the night sweats are so unbearable i get up at two and take a sleeping pill , which knocks me out ; the next thing i know , my alarm is bleating .
the next thing i know , i am in the stranger 's arms and she is running out of the house .
pictures of me as a girl , that kind of thing . ''
the thing i have been waiting for without even knowing it .
the truly pathetic thing is that i thought i was .
the next thing i knew , there were five of us in an old vw bus , banging our way north , singing along to the doors in a cloud of smoke .
the next thing i know , i am waking up .
i feel it , the warm strength of her grip , the curl of her fingers around mine ; the only real thing in this world that makes no sense .
the next thing i know , i am asleep again .
not for tully , anyway , who had slept through the whole thing .
while tyler was used to keeping such hours , valerie was exhausted when the alarm went off , and the one thing she was grateful for was that tyler had traded the motorcycle for his mercedes last night , meaning she did n't have to worry about wearing a helmet or holding tightly .
next thing i know , you 're back , we have hot monkey sex all night long and then you want to come hang out with me at the clinic after cooking me breakfast .
his gaze was piercing and he knew every single thing that went on under mendoza 's roof .
it ate at him that while he was away on a mission , maren had been in trouble and he 'd never known a thing .
` ` before this dissolves into outright mutiny , here 's the thing .
` ` i may have written the thing off with farnsworth as hancock just being hancock .
the next thing she knew he was carrying her to bed because she 'd fallen asleep on the couch .
` ` is this thing with you and maren for real ? ''
in his house , as if it were the most natural thing in the world for her to walk out of his bedroom after taking a shower and dressing .
her skin flushes as she explains , ` ` well , i made some cupcakes for the sponsor meeting thing .
this is the kind of thing i want when i meet the one .
the whole thing was my fault , i was talking to mimi while walking backwards and stupidly walked right in to the poor waitress who dropped one glass but saved three others .
i make tina come with my hand and it 's the most stunning thing i ' ve ever seen .
the whole thing was pretty amusing , though .
using my spare key , i enter the apartment and the first thing i notice is a handwritten note on the dining table .
this is the first thing that 's happened that 's ever gotten in the way of our friendship .
next thing i know i ' m on the floor with ghost leaning over me chuckling .
getting shot is never an easy thing for the body to recover from . ''
it was a one - time thing , though .
now that i think about it , there is one thing i 'd change about that night .
if or*l s*x was that great with cole , the real thing would have to be spectacular .
the only thing that can be heard is our combined heavy breathing .
my eyes roll back in immeasurable pleasure and i whisper , ` ` that 's the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
my laughter finally settles and i tell her , ` ` we do n't know if this was a one - off thing .
he pulls me close , kisses my forehead and whispers against it , ` ` best thing that ever happened to me . ''
next thing i know , a mangled pancake is being shoved into my mouth .
curiosity filled his voice , but there was guilt there toolike he knew it was wrong to want to know about such a horrible thing .
` ` had a training thing with dimitri . ''
it was an epic tale , the kind of thing that gets made into movies and wins oscars .
eventually , they 'd decided to be antisocial together , and one thing had led to another .
mason and i once again started back for the lodge , and our mood was so high , i knew the adrian thing was long forgotten .
they teased each other a lot , but it was hardly the kind of thing that could nearly bring her to tears .
obsession was upon him , the muse firmly on his shoulder and it was the most fascinating thing she had ever seen .
` ` it was just a random thing , kevin , '' she murmured , her hand soft and trembly on his arm .
` ` i saw the whole thing . ''
behind her , an old aerosmith cd played - stephen tyler crooning about not wanting to miss a thing .
giving a statement and looking at some mug shots of sick - and - twisteds who do this kind of thing on a regular basis .
` ` i would have been here a lot sooner if i had n't had to hear about this thing from steve . ''
we had a thing a couple of years ago and she hates my guts .
martin was tight - lipped about the entire thing .
meanwhile , mr . emerson had been adjusting himself under the table because the sight of miss mitchell tasting wine was the most erotic thing he 'd ever witnessed .
it was kind of a res hall thing . ''
in that instant of silent realization , the most remarkable thing happened .
it was the second most erotic thing he had ever witnessed .
the sight of gabriel eating chocolate cake was perhaps the most erotic thing she 'd ever witnessed .
first thing the next morning , dad showed up to take me to selinsgrove .
it was n't a terrible thing to want a baby .
` ` what if the same thing happens to us ? ''
who knew there was such a terrible thing ? ''
the whole thing reminds me a little of the story of hagar and ishmael from the bible .
a few minutes passed and she must ' ve dozed off because the next thing she knew , someone was tapping on her window .
` ` stefan said they had their iphones out and were filming the whole thing . ''
possibly even a little bit of disappointment , because even though she knew that whatever had happened between them was a one - time thing , there had been moments where her imagination got the best of her .
but the last thing he expected was to see her again .
i tried talking him out of it , but there 're a lot of conservative stiffs that come to this thing and donate a ton of money . ''
chad was n't 100 percent sure , but he only knew one thing .
` ` i would have ceased wanting you long ago , '' he rasped , ` ` if such a thing were possible . ''
` ` she is miserable , but i am enjoying the whole thing immensely . ''
one thing emma did conclude - earleen was n't at all what she 'd expected .
emma had never heard of such a thing .
the first thing emma noticed when she pulled up in front of the complex on cherry street was that oliver 's apartment lights were off ; only his christmas lights flashed a festive message .
` ` no , but my sister has , and she told me all about that breathing thing . ''
the one thing maryanne hoped to avoid was yet another discussion about the top item on both their christmas lists - a puppy .
` ` the two of us are starting over first thing tomorrow .
my heart did that flip - flop thing again .
` ` jake , you could have stopped the whole thing .
` ` what you do to me is the most wonderful thing a man could ask for . ''
i 'd been hoping to speak with a male doctor who 'd seen this kind of thing before , not an attractive young nurse , dammit .
it was sort of a thing with my parents .
` ` we 'd better get loaded up before that thing hits . ''
` ` here 's the thing , though , '' connor continued , too impatient to try explaining feelings he did n't understand .
emily had seen no such thing .
the sight was so spectacular that she could not stop herself from staring , her head turning from side to side so as not to miss a single thing .
` ` this is probably the last thing i had ever expected to happen , '' she giggled .
she was not accustomed to lying , so befriending someone whose life centered on duping those that she wished to benefit from was suddenly the most terrifying thing that emily could possibly imagine .
the only thing that made sense was that she 'd hopped to the next island .
still , stranger things had happened , and one thing garrett had learned in his years in the military and the missions that kgi had taken over the years , was that crazy shit happened all the time and rule number one was to be prepared for anything .
one thing you should be aware of is that allen cross 's family has hired a private recovery firm to find you .
i want the last thing you feel before you go to sleep is me inside you , and the first thing you know when you wake up . ''
the very thing she 'd feared the most had come to pass .
the next thing she knew , garrett had pulled her away from marcus and flung her to the ground , his big body covering her as the world went crazy around her .
yet one more thing garrett was going to have to be grateful to the son of a bitch for .
there were times i 'd wondered if they had a thing going on ; i 'd decided i did n't want to know .
he constantly referred to her as the police chief , as if the play on words were the funniest thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` i thought it was a cherokee thing . ''
i waited for him to say last night had been a onetime thing .
maybe the whole rune thing started with him . ''
he 'd brought me out of the cold , scary place that had been my life , and despite the strange things going on all around us , i felt stronger , saner , happier , because of him .
such a wondrous thing .
it was one less thing the clan would blame her for - not that they needed other reasons .
i want to offer my assurance that no such thing will occur on montgomery land .
it was n't an unusual thing for genevieve to take part in the cleaning and preparation of the animals , but at the very first cut into the hide her stomach revolted and sweat broke out on her forehead .
it worried me , but then i realized this was a silly thing to get worried about .
i snatched my laptop and sat on my bed and powered it up , hoping maybe i could find someone on the internet to spank me as a one time thing this upcoming wednesday at carousel .
i told him i just wanted this to be a one time thing , but i did n't know how that worked .
his text good night , milaya moya was the last thing i saw when i went to bed .
like the damp seeping in my panties is the sexiest thing he 's ever had happen to him .
the only thing i regret was that i was too scared to do more .
the next thing i remember is seeing emily lying on the floor in our living room . ''
one thing i see from here , from a distance , is how lucky we all are to have each other .
the next thing she knew , she was waking up again , and beyond her window , the world was pale and gray , rainy .
anything except the thing they were getting ready for .
` ` teenagers do this sort of thing . ''
jolene did n't look away , even though the pain in her daughter 's eyes was a terrible thing to see .
he was to escort her to her first ton event , the only chance she has to win her family 's approval and secure their future , but she could n't remember a blessed thing her aunt had taught her .
every day she woke up hoping for his return hoping for a chance to speak with him , yet every day she was met with the same thing .
after commending him , he was convinced she was the best thing that had happened all year .
what a terrible thing to think !
the friendship once so tattered and broken had begun to heal , just one more thing sebastian was thankful for .
as kisses went , it was n't the most delightful thing she had ever experienced .
and by phillip 's calculations , the only thing that would currently please tempest would be phillip 's demise .
it seems , dear readers , a very peculiar thing has happened at the hartwell masquerade .
the entire thing had been a cover - up so that the gates ' family name would stay away from ruin , so that rawlings could be free to live the life he 'd always wanted .
he was afraid , devil take it , he was terrified that if she truly knew about some of the things that took place under the roof of that house , she would be more than scandalized .
the thing of it is i have lived selfishly from amusement to amusement , never truly realizing how hollow my existence was .
` ` yes , mr . doverspike , i would appreciate your help , '' artemisia said as if it were the most natural thing in the world for him to assist her with her corset .
last thing at night and first thing in morning , they bring smile . ''
last thing at night and first thing in morning , they bring smile . ''
the last thing he remembered was straddling the ambassador 's chest with his fingers wrapped around kharitonov 's neck .
the next thing i knew , my gun was pointed at his chest .
i 'd dreamed so often of having his blood on my hands ; it was the only thing i lived for .
` ` i noticed one thing , '' jessie continued .
damien 's lips lifted in the closest thing to a smile i 'd ever seen on his face .
i ai n't never seen such a thing . ''
` ` that makes sense , except for one thing . ''
` ` it 's a terrible thing to remember what you ' ve done and know how wrong it was . ''
the hunger was a living , breathing , aching thing in my stomach .
from what little i knew of daniel , i was sure he had the whole thing planned out .
he was standing there casually , like it was the most natural thing in the world , his arm resting on the top of the cubicle wall .
even with all of the preparations that were underway , the whole thing still did n't quite feel like real life .
` ` this is the kind of thing i ' m talking about . ''
i thought it would be all right , at first - lend an air of authenticity to the whole thing .
i hauled back and sent a mighty splash of water in his direction , shrieking when he reacted by jumping in and grabbing me tightly , both of us laughing like it was the funniest thing in the world .
why did this whole thing still feel so strange ?
but there was one thing i had to see first .
my source thought there was something suspicious about the whole thing . ''
once the whole thing is finally over it 'll be like letting out a breath you ' ve been holding for months and months .
i had a feeling they would n't take kindly to this sort of thing .
` ` daniel 's got this weird ... thing .
i guess he used to room with one of the guys , and he actually saw the whole thing unfold .
i kept them on file in case anything came up down the line , but with things like this ... you know , you just tend to forget about every little lone odd thing that happens , right ? ''
` ` the thing is , maddy , the thing is ... '' there was a moment 's hesitation .
this whole thing was more than a little surreal .
after a few years of living with someone , a day of silence is the strangest thing you can imagine .
i could n't quite conceptualize the whole thing , looking at them on a monitor in a cold room while daniel squeezed my hand with an unreadable expression on his face , and i tried to ignore the persistent urging of my bladder .
daniel had been preparing his speech for weeks , with one of the kids from creative who had a knack for pulling that kind of thing together .
but then i realized he 'd been scared off the whole thing for some indeterminate amount of time , and i never would have guessed how much i 'd miss it .
directly afterwards , i actually saw the two of them hug , and as happy as i was about the whole thing , i kept my distance for the rest of the night so that they could talk .
first thing tomorrow morning , you will go to the root cellar .
now , one thing he knew : mariah throckmorton was not a muttering kind of gal .
it was such a simple thing , being touched , and yet it would mean so much _ _ _ she pushed the depressing thoughts aside with practiced ease .
the tension started first thing sunday morning - with her first reluctant glance at the graves - and built day by day , until by saturday afternoon , she was close to screaming .
naturally , with that sort of thing waiting for him , mad dog got out of their beds early .
i have never experienced such a thing in my entire life .
how do i know that the next difficult thing we come across wo n't send you into another tailspin and i 'll find you on the back yard , like we found jill ? ''
` ` kian was right about one thing the first day i met him , '' i mumbled drowsily .
the last thing i remembered was seeing anna 's eyes widen in surprise and feeling the impact of the blow when everything went dark .
after every other bewildering thing that had occurred this day , the dress should n't have upset her so .
` ` until i know who is responsible , you will cease insulting my men , and me , by thinking we would allow such a thing to happen .
then an amazing thing happened .
` ` i ' m not at all sure such a thing is possible . ''
nay , ewan was standing right beside the king , and he 'd never allow such a thing to happen .
this is just a friendly thing .
i knew sadie had done this kind of thing all the time last year while she was finishing up high school in sea breeze while jax toured the states .
` ` so , last night ... it was n't just a onetime thing ? ''
this connection with her was the first thing in my life i was scared of .
or is it just a thing ... '' i trailed off , not sure how to word this .
it was the most amazing thing i 'd ever felt .
i mean , one day she is telling me she loves you , and then the next thing i know , you two are broken up and she 's dating jason .
` ` you mean like whips and chains and that sort of thing ? ''
kane walked in and the first thing he saw was the woman in the backless green dress .
and wanting flynn was the worst possible thing that could happen .
` ` i 'll make the call to the contractor first thing in the morning .
then the oddest thing happened at the fourth display .
` ` itis agood thing i stoppedbyto see what was about .
the last thing i remember is that meg wanted togo checkon the tea.i said , nay , i 'd doit .
` ` skully 's going toarrange foranother hack first thing inthe morning .
and the last thing sheneededright now wasforthe men to start harping on badluck , curses , and such .
the last thing he remembered was waking up with a terrible hangover from the drinking game he hadobviously lost , and henry nursing some foul - tasting liquid down his throat.then he'dwoke - up here ?
and even you always touch and fondle my br**sts first thing afterkissing me.why is that ? ` `
that was probably a shameful thing to admit ; no doubt enjoying torturingone'shusbandreally wasn'tagoodthing .
and having the irs pretty much seize everything except for her luggage and a few pieces of not - very - expensive jewelry was just about the worst thing that could happen to a girl .
haley pushed herself off and started to pump the swing and sing ` ` swing low , sweet chariot , '' which was her favorite thing to sing when she was swinging .
i ' m pretty sure alex set this whole thing up .
eugene does this kind of thing all the time .
having clay love her would be about the best thing in the universe , because she had fallen hard for him , too .
` ` look , the thing is , everyone in tumbleweed feels bad about what happened .
she figured there were dozens of politicians and ministers who might want to attend a thing like that .
a thing like that could lead to gossip .
he and ferguson probably set the whole thing up .
` ` you know , it 's a rare thing when you get to do well by doing good . ''
he did n't exactly think the whole sarah and bill thing was a miracle .
stupid thing to argue about .
i ' m telling you , the best thing that ever happened was that lightning bolt hitting the place .
if they were here this late in the evening , it could mean only one thing : tulane intended to go swimming .
the next thing she knew she was up against tulane 's very hard chest , getting snot all over his t - shirt .
holding sarah in his arms was about the best thing he 'd ever experienced in his life .
it was probably the most erotic thing he 'd ever experienced in his life .
` ` a broken heart is an awful thing .
once clay knows a thing , it 's not a secret anymore . ''
sarah did n't have a chance to examine that comment , because the next thing she knew , she was enveloped in tulane 's arms .
` ` you know , hettie , i ' m not really sure about the whole kiss thing , '' miriam randall said , her eyes twinkling behind her upturned glasses .
the sorrowful angel must not have liked what aunt rocky said because the next thing haley knew , aunt rocky 's bed frame broke in two .
and then she did the strangest thing .
the last thing she wanted was cissy warren talking to hettie .
` ` look , hettie , the thing is , lord woolham is undercapitalized , and if he ca n't sell the land back to jimmy , then last chance is going to lose out on a factory that could become a significant contributor to allenberg county 's tax base .
she had gone for a one - night thing , and she 'd gotten exactly what she 'd wanted out of it .
but disappointing petunia was a rare thing and always made him feel very low indeed .
getting the angel back to heaven was the only thing haley wanted for christmas .
she knew her one line : ` ` let us go unto bethlehem and see this thing which is come to pass . ''
i ' m short - staffed , and this turkey thing is right up your alley . ''
` ` the photo of the heron in flight was a beautiful thing , lark . ''
` ` but i shot the whole thing .
the next thing david knew , michael had snatched david 's jacket in his fist and started shaking him back and forth .
you 're interested in her , and that 's like the most amazing thing that 's happened in this town in a long time . ''
` ` let us now go even unto bethlehem , and see this thing which is come to pass , '' haley said in a big stage voice .
` ` well , i can see that a thing like that might set him off . ''
` ` and there 's another thing .
and if he were a smart or devious man , he would probably try to encourage this thing between savannah and the preacher .
she asked , even though she knew it was an ugly thing to ask .
the thing is , your dad has promised to be better about visitation .
what awful thing did n't i know about ?
the funny thing was that no matter how wrong i thought all this was , sydney had to feel even more strongly about it with her vampire hang - ups .
` ` this sort of thing spreads throughout the moroi world quickly , ' said victor .
my earlier astonishment was giving way to excitement , and i could see the same thing happening to dimitri .
` ` well , the ` ` funny ' thing is that they do n't kill everyone who comes in .
` ` sydney 's right about one thing : sonya might be confused .
it was n't the weirdest thing i 'd ever experienced , but it was certainly strange .
i gave sonya a donut , the first thing that took her attention from her yard .
that was the least weird thing here , however , seeing as i was watching my own funeral .
it was such a fleeting thing .
the thing was , dimitri 's face did n't look all that glad as he stared blankly out the window .
` ` that kind of thing happens when you keep jumping off roofs , ' i said .
or maybe you did n't need magical powers to see that kind of thing .
his wink was about the sexiest thing abby had ever seen .
zhang might have orchestrated the entire thing to promote the women 's foundation agenda .
i wish i could go back and undo the whole thing .
their mutual attraction slowed time for a moment , until the only thing that existed was the two of them .
` ` i did n't know there was a thing about me that she approved of , '' lil said , surprised and moved by zhang 's words .
lil sobered for a moment as the real possibility of that thing happening settled on her and she realized the enormity of what her friend was willing to risk for her .
` ` the whole thing or just that last part .
mom , dad , a funny thing happened at the wedding i went to this weekend .
the last thing jeremy needed was for jake to get involved .
` ` this whole thing was a mistake .
` ` if it stopped you from obsessing over every possible thing that could go wrong , and sneaking into hospitals just to prove you can , i think they 'd love it .
it wo n't be the strangest thing he 's seen if he 's lived in new york for long .
what a horrible thing to happen to you while you were so young .
what happened was that i got to thinking about the worst thing that could happen .
and only now , in the drawn - out moment of stillness , did i think through to the worst thing that could happen : this .
and then the inexorable thing happened .
the worst thing that could happen had finally happened .
i wake up every morning and the first thing i think is that i love tobin 's mom 's car .
so the predictable thing happened : one day we went into the duke and duchess to buy big league chew or mountain dew code red or whatever we were using to rot our teeth on that particular week , and after the duke had made her purchase , the guy behind the counter said , ` ` thank you , duke . ''
like , with the sixth - month - anniversary thing .
` ` was it a ' merry christmas ' kind of thing ? ''
i started to hang up , then thought of one last thing .
if he knew her at all , he 'd know she was going to church with her family first thing .
you ' ve got that thing in the morning . ''
but if this thing went badly , the entire demon race could end up sealed in glass jars and lined up on shelves in some superwitch 's basement .
i could have told you about the cycling thing , but i was so used to keeping my secret .
we do n't have time for whatever this thing is we 're doing .
his fangs had come out while he 'd been focused elsewhere , but biting her was n't the thing that had him panicked .
the last thing she wanted was to get the shakes and cain be there to see it .
it did n't have to be a forever thing .
the whole thing had sort of happened very suddenly and under duress .
it needed to be said , but the words made the whole thing horribly uncomfortable , like watching your grandparents kiss .
` ` that 's pretty amazing , the countries thing , '' i said .
and the second thing i thought was god , i ca n't wait to tell takumi and the colonel . ''
the thing had happened .
as the eagle closed the door behind him , the colonel shot up , smiling at me , and still nervous that the eagle might be outside , whispered , ` ` that was a thing of beauty . ''
and if such a thing had arrived this morning , hal likely did n't know about it yet .
chapter 11 warnings what with one thing and another , it had n't occurred to grey to wonder what his mother 's response to his misadventure might be .
` ` like leander swimming the hellespont , that sort of thing ? ''
` ` so far as i am aware , the only thing of note that has happened to anyone i know in the last twenty - four hours was your own adventure at tyburn . ''
chapter 17 in which a marriage takes place , among other things on the 27th of february , the marriage of general sir of george stanley and benedicta , dowager countess melton , was celebrated at the church of st . margaret 's , the parish church of westminster abbey .
next thing i knew , i was somersaulting through the air . ''
an odd thing to find in a hunting lodge , but von namtzen loved flowers - or had used to .
it is a common thing in ireland , though - tales like that . ''
the one good thing , grey reflected a few hours later , was that tom had quite lost his fear of the big scot .
` ` deuced odd thing , that , '' he said , looking up from the page and blinking owlishly through his spectacles at them .
and that was a thing he had had - ever would have - with precious few men .
i do , and a wearisome thing it is in the chapter meetings , the brothers going on at length and me wanting to leap from my seat and dance a jig in the middle of the room to clear my mind but pinned in my chair like that small little fellow there . ''
` ` now , there 's a thing ! ''
` ` and to make quite sure of the thing , there was a thin rope wrapped tight round his neck . ''
it was in the wild hunt poem ; he would n't have taken notice , save that there was a popular soldier 's song , a sentimental , maudlin thing in irish , called ` ` the volunteer . ''
` ` i ' ve never heard of such a thing , '' grey said .
fraser had risen to his feet when hal came in - not out of respect , grey thought , but only to be ready for whatever bloody thing was coming next .
it was the last thing he would have expected - not only in light of the social differences that must exist between a lady 's maid and a laird ( though a brief thought of hal and minnie drifted through the back of his mind , together with a vision of the scorched hearth rug ) , no matter how far the laird 's fortunes had fallen , but in light of what grey had always assumed to be fraser 's very exigent feelings toward his dead wife .
he 'd be blushing , next thing , he thought , disgusted with himself .
she started toward me , seemingly annoyed by my interruption but acting as though being reunited with her precious luggage was the best thing that 'd ever happened to her .
` ` the crazy thing is that last night , i curled right up with you and fell asleep .
he 'd opened up to me and i could see us spending passionate nights together in his bed becoming a regular thing .
heck , i did n't think that kind of thing actually happened outside of p*rn videos .
that type of thing was normal - her waking me up that way ... ... '' gross .
first thing , though , i ' m going to have a secure phone put in the boat .
oh , she doubted he looked at it in such melodramatic terms , but then , he probably saw the whole thing as a successful business takeover , rather than a love affair .
a man would know if such a thing happened to him , would n't he ?
only the fact that she was concussed had kept him from taking her , and even then , it had been a near thing .
hell , there 's no such thing as a routine flight '' she started to ask a question about night wing , but remembered where they were and left it for another time .
the only thing that could have made it better would have been if he had lost that damnable control of his .
i cleared my throat and did my best to pretend that this was n't the absolute worst thing to happen to me since i left him standing on my porch seven years before .
she grinned widely as if the man 's being il were quite the most wonderful thing .
he would go see daniel first thing and find what he 'd done with george , richard decided .
with his pants around his ankles it was n't a fast maneuver and watching him duck march around the bed toward the window with his family jewels hanging out and swinging to and fro under his frock coat was real y quite the most ridiculous thing she thought she 'd ever seen .
` ` were george stil alive he would have arranged an accident for the man or some other such thing , but the stupid bastard went and hired idiots to kil his brother .
as she dampens my shirt with sadness and snot , i realise i ' m about to do another thing i ' ve never done before .
and he was stuck with the one thing he 'd been horrified of .
` ` we could skip the whole thing and spend thanksgiving in bed . ''
i 'll be there through the whole thing . ''
she rose from the chair and decided to avert the whole handshaking thing again .
` ` good thing i ' m not there .
same type of thing that always happened when his wife walked into a room .
` ` i do n't know what happened ; it 's the oddest thing .
most of them were so polite and gentle , she 'd been afraid she 'd nap through the whole thing .
remember the same thing happened with alexa ?
one day they took us to the playground and there was this massive climbing thing .
funny , how love seemed this distant , magical thing in the future until you wanted it so bad , you actually pretended feelings were there that never were .
next thing he knew , he lay flat on his back in the snow , the wind knocked clean out of him .
in a way , she felt as if she were n't really here , as if the whole thing was nothing but a dream .
` ` because i know how much david hurt you , and i know i 'd be frightened of the same thing happening again if it were me .
with it were two more pages , and when she looked more closely at them , the first thing she noticed - as she had with the other two letters - was the sailing ship embossed in the upper right corner .
the worst thing that can happen is you find out he 's not the kind of man you 're looking for .
` ` that 's another thing to write down .
as she approached the boat , however , the first thing she noticed was that no one seemed to be around .
though part of him was excited about what had just happened , another part of him felt that there was something wrong with the whole thing .
` ` the worst thing ? ''
` ` they arrived first thing this morning .
` ` what 's the most popular thing you ' ve ever written about in your column ? ''
` ` does this sort of thing happen a lot ? ''
` ` the whole thing was set up- '' he seemed dazed for a moment , and she reached out to him .
she set the whole thing up . ''
she thought it would be a nice thing for people to read .
sometimes upon awakening , she experienced a split second of confused unreality when the whole thing seemed like a terrible mistake , too absurd to have actually occurred .
the most disgusting thing was that he was right behind her , and she could n't hear him making a sound , while her own feet seemed to pound the earth like a drum .
he blinked once , then an amazing thing happened : he laughed .
she had n't meant to tease him , but she 'd been so frightened , and he 'd been so strong and calm that it had seemed the most natural thing in the world to cling to him .
it 's the most erotic thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
she 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me , and if having my lady - killer mug back meant never having met her , i 'd rather keep the face that frightens children . ''
the last thing she wanted to tell a prospective lover was that she 'd been an idiot .
` ` i have to get back for candace 's morning meeting and to get the details of some ball thing from stacy . ''
` ` that kind of thing happens ? ''
she 'd given him the slip after the cake thing yesterday and gone shopping with her suitemates .
but she 'd foolishly made an exception by wagering with toby because she 'd believed winning a sure thing .
i like these- '' he snapped the elastic , and the slight sting below her navel was about the most erotic thing amelia had ever experienced ` ` -because they 're straitlaced .
even though she had hoped for this very thing , the man 's mouth swallowed her cry of surprise .
` ` right - o , '' edward said , as if this sort of thing were hardly surprising .
` ` his lordship was wrong about one thing , '' ian breathed into her ear when he finally released her mouth .
he 'd hardly spoken during the entire game , and although he seemed to be paying attention , she could have sworn he had n't noticed a blasted thing .
rush 's astonishment must have shown because jeff had laughed and said the same thing happened to him and susan every time he found out when he 'd be sailing .
` ` i think it 's the most wildly romantic thing i ' ve seen in years . ''
steve had n't explained a thing , and lindy had n't asked .
jeff must have gone to the chaplain because the next thing i knew i got called in to talk to him .
dearest rush , reading your latest letter was the best thing that 's happened to me since our wedding .
a book she 'd been reading on pregnancy and childbirth stated that the best way to relieve those early bouts of morning sickness was to nibble on soda crackers first thing - even before getting out of bed .
the last thing carol wanted to remind him of was their divorce , and she quickly steered the conversation to the reason for her visit .
` ` this is the most wonderful thing that 's ever happened to me since ... '' ` ` your high - school prom ? ''
finding todd in their shower had n't been the only thing that had led steve to believe carol and her employer were having an affair .
` ` how often does this sort of thing happen ? ''
he 'd spent the past few days drowning his misery in a bottle and the only thing it had brought him was more pain .
the first thing steve noticed was a sterling - silver piggy bank .
` ` he 's called in a surgeon and they ' ve scheduled the operating room for you first thing tomorrow morning . ''
one thing steve did know about his friend , though - he knew rush would love his children with the same intensity that he loved lindy .
the last thing he 'd ever imagined was that she would n't even listen to him .
` ` you do n't sound sick , '' her friend announced first thing .
he tried to act nonchalant , as if he did this sort of thing every day .
` ` one thing led to another , and before we knew it we were in bed together . ''
` ` he wants to see you first thing .
` ` he wants to see me first thing ? ''
catherine must have drifted off herself , because the next thing she knew the lights were on .
the last thing royce remembered was catherine snuggling close to him , berating the fact she had yet to put on the special lace nightie she 'd bought for their wedding night .
first thing the previous morning , riley had been called before his commanding officer .
the only thing she could figure was that riley had gotten hold of the nurse and made her promise on her mother 's grave to take care of hannah .
first thing in the morning , i 'll move my things into sam 's bedroom . ''
she desperately wanted to believe the afternoon rendezvous with sylvia was a onetime thing , but her head told her it was n't and that they 'd been involved for months - or more .
chapter three first thing monday morning , shana drove jazmine to lewis and clark elementary school to enroll her .
that was n't the only thing he 'd noticed , either .
this sort of thing did n't happen .
this is the most awesome thing that 's happened around here in , like , months !
the first thing annabelle noticed about this cary grant look - alike was that he did n't bother to get out of the car .
i ' m flabbergasted that your parents allowed such a thing to happen .
that splash of color in her cheeks was the best thing matt had seen all day .
the only thing that 's saving me is that i ca n't see what i ' m doing . ''
` ` i would n't allow such a thing to happen . ''
the only thing worse than wrapping his arms around this creepazoid was having gen do it .
the thing is we 're on our honeymoon , and we took a boat for a little sail .
well , it was n't like she had n't predicted this exact thing .
first thing tomorrow he 'd check it out .
when he crouched down to pick up dexter , the strangest thing happened .
not ever dealing with you first thing in the morning , i would n't know , but i should warn you i ' m not a morning person , and someone who sings about the sun coming up is not getting a special award of merit from me .
she caught her breath , and one glance at her pink cheeks told him that she 'd thought exactly the same thing .
ending up with a g*y son must be the worst thing doyle benjamin could imagine .
i wish they had n't decided to eat outside , but then , he 's not trained in this kind of thing , so we have to make excuses for him . ''
` ` that 's the kind of thing you see in the movies , but i know this guy .
his eyes did a cartoony thing where they seemed to bulge out of his head , and his adam 's apple bobbed .
` ` the thing is , people can get crazy when billions of dollars are on the line , '' harry said .
what a diabolical thing to do to someone , and the worst part was that joey seemed oblivious to the carnage .
he had to ease around a couple of semis to get a better look , and first thing he knew , ` ` oklahoma ! ''
` ` that was an inexcusable thing , '' rona said .
now the cook was horizontal in the hall with the tap - dancing owner of the top hat , and mitch had to carry on as if that sort of thing did n't faze him .
the way this thing has been going , i would n't doubt they 're doing it on the kitchen table .
she looked at a point just beyond his right shoulder , as if bonding with him was the single thing she planned to avoid forever .
` ` so are n't you gon na ask me what special thing i ' m gon na do for you ? ''
but i do n't think you should eat there first thing .
` ` nobody knows for sure , but it 's like this ritualistic thing every full moon .
an unacknowledged thing .
she had n't pictured this weekend turning into some scary thing like friday the 13th , but that 's how it was shaping up .
one good thing was happening , though .
i got lucky with the smoke thing .
that was n't a good thing to be thinking about while he left his message for kristen .
jeff could have come back later and put the bees under the porch , which would explain why they 'd suddenly appeared first thing in the morning .
charlie hoped that was n't because they 'd had a thing going on during that dana point shoot .
i wish i could get there wednesday night , but i have this awards thing and i 'll probably be getting something , so it would look bad if i did n't go .
` ` the thing is , i want to live in middlesex forever , and i realize this ... '' she paused and gestured toward the hovercraft in a move worthy of vanna white .
` ` maybe we really did imagine the whole thing .
he wondered if rick had gotten wind of the 900 calling thing .
` ` i ' ve been researching this kind of thing all my life , '' eve said .
eve did n't want to believe denise would do such a thing , but if she was the guilty party , a hot romance might be just the thing to sidetrack her efforts .
in point of fact , she would love to have dreamed the whole thing .
with every moment he spent in her arms , he was that much closer to giving up his dream , and that would poison ever special thing they shared .
` ` if an x - rated bakery does so well in a town like middlesex , '' denise continued , ` ` then it should make money hand over fist in a small town where the most exciting thing is a potluck at the grange hall and bingo in the church basement .
dante had always been his nemesis , and this latest thing was so typical , dante treating him to the hallelujah chorus in the middle of a stakeout .
` ` the thing is , we ' ve never had a client who looked like that .
you were loving that whole thing . ''
gillian was n't interested in prizes so much as she wanted to get the whole thing over with .
` ` if he does dance , he probably does n't think there 's a single romantic thing about it . ''
` ` yes , but i have the distinct impression that you 're promoting this thing that might never happen .
` ` is this about that cancer , aries thing ? ''
` ` funny thing , so do i . ''
after gillian left with her entourage , nancy listened to jared and captain hull carry on a pointless conversation about how such a thing could have happened on this cruise .
` ` like imported brandy , that sort of thing ? ''
` ` that 's the other thing tom was telling me about .
` ` the most awful thing has happened ! ''
if there were such a thing as sexual olympics , gloria would take home the gold .
the last thing i fixed him was a bahama mama . ''
` ` we have that thing after work today .
will might expect the same thing .
did you know there 's such a thing as a vibrating c*ck ring ? ''
twenty - five although amanda shivered every time she looked at the planter , she managed to pass the thing off as a joke .
the last thing she remembered was standing in front of keeley 's window .
the last thing i remember is standing by your window .
she 'd never imagined such a thing .
' t is a most wondrous thing . ''
' t was a terrible thing . ''
there was no activity to suggest such a thing was forthcoming .
my sword had just been taken by hugh because he said he did n't want me to be harmed and ' t was not a womanly thing to be wielding a sword .
caelen 's restlessness had carried over to the men , and a hunt was just the thing to quiet their minds before battle .
to the unguarded eye he seemed relaxed , but to her he seemed tense and ready to strike at a moment 's notice and then the most amazing thing happened .
she had n't imagined such a thing until now , and it made her precariously light - headed .
she had no reason to allow such a thing to go on .
* ` ` this whole thing is driving me daft , '' graeme muttered .
she acted as though it was the most natural thing in the world to sleep in his bed , to curl into his side , to touch him as a wife would touch her husband .
the next thing she knew she was cuddled on graeme 's lap and he was stroking her body as he kissed her forehead .
never had he felt so vulnerable , so completely unprotected , and yet it was n't the terrible thing he would have imagined .
the next thing i remember is throwing myself to the side to avoid the arrow and then i hit my head .
he looked uneasy , as if he wanted no part in the entire thing , and when he saw that eveline was staring at him , he faded back so he was no longer in her line of sight .
` ` damn , that 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life , '' he whispered before dropping to his knees and covering me with his mouth .
jude was ridiculously pleased about the whole thing .
` ` the thing is ... '' mia sighed .
who could ever be ready for a thing like this ?
they 'll know a thing like this can happen to anyone .
his look was the saddest thing she 'd ever seen .
` ` i am the worst thing that can happen , and kids should know that .
eva 's visits were the only good thing left in her life , the only hour all week to which she looked forward .
she 'd been through this kind of thing before , back when she 'd been in the care of strangers .
the only real answer lay in the courage to see a thing clearly and try to do better .
jude sagged against the wall , feeling depleted by the whole thing .
here it was , the thing she 'd been afraid of .
and maybe it was better to face a thing , to say it out loud , rather than to hide it away .
but this puppet , alone of them all , is imprisoned in a glass case , and the thing that 's driven me crazy my whole life is this : the case does n't open .
just , the next thing i knew , the three of us had crossed the courtyard from the workshop and were slamming through the back door into the kitchen , shrieking .
no one believed us , and tomas sealed our fate when , within minutes , he backpedaled and claimed credit for the whole thing .
the thing that i want to happen consistently does not happen .
so i do that awkward thing you do when you get good news in the company of strangers and you look around at them , grinning like an idiot , and they look back , not grinning like idiots , and you almost have to tell them , to tell someone .
most popular graveyard , what a thing !
there were times that even she wished there were something more interesting to talk about , but did n't he understand that in a few years the same thing was going to happen with linda ?
we kept taking turns trying to lean into the wind and keep our balance , thinking the whole thing was great and wondering why everyone had been making such a big deal about it .
two days ago , she could n't have imagined this sort of thing happening to her .
you are the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
the only real thing between them had been the intense desire .
the second thing he saw was the obvious bullet wound in her arm .
the thing was she was aware enough to know she was only dreaming , but she could n't shake out of the hazy world of sleep .
sophie opened her eyes , and the first thing she saw was sam slouched in a chair beside her bed , his head tilted sideways in what looked like an extremely uncomfortable position .
' i shall , of course , explain to her grace , first thing in the morning , exactly why it is i can not accept her invitation . '
ellie had dashed off that note to royston this morning for the simple reason he had asked her to do so should such a thing occur , but she had not , as he so easily guessed and obviously found so amusing , expected to now have him thrust into her own life on a daily basis .
the last thing , the very last thing he had expected today was to find this particular woman waiting for him when he returned to royston house .
heck , she could almost have an orgasm just hearing his sexy voice on the phone ; she could only imagine how good the real thing would be .
there is only one thing that i have n't seen yet that could be wrong with you . ''
gray sat her down on the seat he 'd brought into the bathroom with him , and the moment was gone so quickly suzy had to wonder if she 'd imagined the whole thing .
the same thing happened to her twice more that morning until she finally shut her phone off in disgust .
he looked up and said , ` ` the exact same thing happened to me in bangkok once . ''
` ` funny thing about that , jonah - that only happens if your show helps boost our profits . ''
` ` what the hell is she- '' ` ` and so mike asked me to be part of his reality television series , so i came to talk about the script in his office , and one thing led to another ... '' hair flip .
adam and dan are at some conference thing .
` ` i ' m jeremy and this is lydia , '' jeremy replied , as if this were the most commonplace thing in the world .
lurlene called her ` ` poor little thing '' all the time - and every time she said it , izzy remembered the bad thing , and she wished lurlene would stop .
he was so handsome ; even since his hair had changed color after the bad thing , he was still the most handsome man in the world .
she heard voices coming from her daddy 's new room , and for a split second , it sounded like it used to , before the bad thing .
the sad thing is - i do now .
izzy looked up and saw the strangest thing : her big , strong daddy was crying .
` ` the worst thing is you do n't see it coming , '' she said .
then , that ... thing happened with kathy , and he ... disintegrated .
it was a stupid , nonsensical thing , and certainly no one would notice , but he knew .
the next thing she knew , annie was crying .
she lay in their big bed like a silent , pregnant ghost , and when she smiled , it was a brittle , fleeting thing , and not annie at all .
` ` in the soaps , there 's only one thing worse than getting on a plane , and that 's getting in a car .
the wild tangle of her dark , silky hair was the last thing he saw before the bathroom door closed .
too many years had gone by , so she was out of practice lying about this sort of thing .
` ` it must be the most frustrating thing in the world to be crazy about a guy and have him lukewarm toward you . ''
falling in love was the last thing she 'd expected when she returned home .
the last thing colby was in the mood to watch was a sentimental romance with a happy ending .
` ` the most exciting thing is that we have a lifetime to get to know everything about each other . ''
all the evidence pointed to one thing .
` ` there 's one thing i ' m not sorry about . ''
it always happened when she was least prepared , when seeing him was the last thing she expected .
it felt like the most natural thing in the world for them to be together .
lizzie looked like someone recalling a thing of vague general interest , but no immediate importance .
would the same thing happen to them in the end , d ' ye think , if the english were to win ? ''
i was dying to dig into the crates bobby had brought , but what with one thing and another - the white pig 's demented attempt to eat adso , a goat with infected teats , a strange green mold that had got into the last batch of cheese , the completion of a much - needed summer kitchen , and a stern conversation with the beardsleys regarding the treatment of guests , among other things - it was more than a week before i found leisure to unpack lord john 's present and read his letter .
hiram stiffened further , if such a thing was possible .
' til this minute , i 'd always thought that was the most erotic thing i 'd ever seen . ''
that made her laugh - the thing he 'd been striving for since he 'd finally got her to stop frothing at the mouth - and he raised himself briefly , planting a light kiss on either side of the looming object of his affections before sinking contentedly back onto the pillow .
you ca n't think that jamie - that we - would ever let such a thing happen , '' i said , distressed beyond measure .
he said , nodding at roger 's cup , as though it were the most natural thing in the world to offer whisky with breakfast .
it was a soft , educated voice , betraying only puzzlement , but the crowd reacted as though it had been the hissing of a serpent , and recoiled further , if such a thing were possible .
` ` but not first thing in the morning .
the last thing i wanted was to be up to my elbows in someone 's abdomen , only to have them come suddenly round with a shriek .
` ` aye , i do , then , and it felt for a moment as though i were choking - but then ye were all just staring down at me , next thing ! ''
` ` what sort of terrible thing ? ''
` ` they have seen a thing concerning the tsalagi .
` ` a thing that they see in their dreams , this thing will come to pass , if it concerns many people .
` ` a thing that they see in their dreams , this thing will come to pass , if it concerns many people .
a large thing is a thing like a great battle , or the raising up of a notable chief - though he is one man , he is raised up by the voices of many .
a large thing is a thing like a great battle , or the raising up of a notable chief - though he is one man , he is raised up by the voices of many .
for that matter , it was impossible to imagine anyone trying such a thing on jenny murray , who had - if such a thing was possible - an even stronger personality than her brother .
affronted , the snake writhed off at a good rate of speed into a hobble - bush , and next thing , a loud shriek came from the other side of the bush .
the last thing she recalled was ian 's face , cheek heavy on her shoulder , his eyes still open , watching the fire .
the horrible thing was that it did n't .
and so it was the most natural thing in the world - to all three of them , evidently - that jo should wish his brother to share in this new marvel .
that was the cutest thing i ever saw , but i never understood how you managed to squeeze into it . ''
so i set about to mix up batter for to make hoecake for breakfast '' -she waved at the table , where a bowl of flour sat with a jug of milk and two eggs- '' and next thing , i had this terrible urge to - to- '' she blushed , a deep , becoming peony color .
is n't there something about secret handshakes , that sort of thing ? ''
next thing comes another gentleman , fat and most important in the affairs of the town , and a member of the royal council , though i did not know it at the time .
the only thing to be thankful for was that forbes had clearly not heard any whiff of malva christie 's accusation , or there would be blood on the floor already .
` ` she 'll ha ' gone for arch , first thing . ''
93 in which i impersonate a lady i ate supper alone in my room ; the cook seemed still to be functioning , at least , though the atmosphere of disorder in the house was a palpable thing .
emmanuel want to send the fulani off with captain jackson first thing , get them out the house , but mr . bonnet , he say he waiting on the gentlemen from the indies , get a lots better price . ''
` ` but ulysses , he find it out ; he find out every single thing goes on at river run , sooner or later .
` ` oh - the most charming thing i believe i have ever seen .
` ` i had hoped he 'd broken his neck , but no such thing , alas . ''
he put up a great deal of money , pledged as surety for his good behavior , and they let him go - but it was a near thing . ''
i was not fond of jocasta , in light of what we had learned about her recently , but to think of her ripped from her home , forced to emigrate while suffering excruciating pain - well , it caused one to think there might be such a thing as divine retribution , after all .
it was a common thing in newborns - especially babies born a bit early , as amanda had been - nothing to worry about .
there was a ... thing .
` ` would ye ken what a thing like that might be , sassenach ?
next thing , the back door sprang open and a squat bearded figure rushed in , bellowing in some incomprehensible tongue , followed by ian , who was followed by yet another strange indian , screaming and laying about himself with something - tomahawk ?
bloody risky , a thing like that .
it had been a near thing , at that ; we had been on the point of leaving for italy , when jamie 's uncle alexander , abbot of ste .
i thought perhaps you and he had been waylaid by footpads along the way - there are dangerous gangs of ruffians about the streets , ye ken , and i thought losin ' you that way would be the only thing would make him behave so .
the second thing that happened was that monsieur duverney , the minister of finance , lost at chess to jamie .
it seemed an infinitely natural thing , and my tortured body relaxed gratefully into the hard mold of his hands , melting and reforming like molded wax .
suddenly , i saw again in memory that last scene in the bois de boulogne ; the last thing i had seen before the blackness took me .
plainly jamie meant to send me back , back to my own time - if such a thing was possible .
i had n't ; i had been much too afraid to acknowledge the possibility of the thing i had hoped and prayed for so long , come now so horribly too late .
the only thing you can do - the only thing - is to try for the one who 's in front of you .
on and on about the bonnie prince , and wouldn ' it be a thing if he 'd won the ' 45 ?
without jamie 's own courage and intransigence , the same thing would likely have happened to me and to our daughter brianna .
` ` i do n't suppose you want me to drive him to this festival thing , do you ?
` ` damnedest thing , though ; all of a sudden this great big swelling come up just along behind of my balls .
still , i doubted that his aunt jocasta would be looking at his feet first thing .
i sent to the sawmill for him , first thing , but the slave came back and told me byrnes was insensible in his quarters , reekin ' of drink , and could not be roused . ''
he had told me very little of his time in prison , but one thing he had said rang in my memory .
i found jamie , and curled up at once into a nest of grass beside him , the horses ' peaceful champing the last thing i heard .
no such thing as rape among 'em .
i had been told often enough that my hair looked like a bird 's nest first thing in the morning ; perhaps there was something to it , after all .
the last thing that would ever have occurred to him was that he might own land .
the rain was coming down even more heavily , if such a thing was possible , and i stopped long enough to pry my cold fingers off the reins and put up the hood of my cloak .
` ` the thing is ... '' he spoke slowly , trying to control his voice , and with it , his fear .
a very musical thing was a ship - lines and hawsers singing in the wind , the timber knees creaking with each rise and fall , the faint thumps and murmurs on the far side of the bulkhead , in the dark recesses of the passengers ' hold in the steerage .
god knew where brianna could get to - or what sort of thing happen to her .
` ` was he the dreadful thing in the canes ? ''
the thing is- '' he hesitated .
a body did n't sleep , lying next to someone who might turn into a ursiq next thing .
but one thing about it i could tell you .
she 'd bleed to death under my hand , and there is n't a thing i could do about it , not a thing ! ''
` ` but i know the one thing else - if i dinna ken his father , i ken his grandsire well enough .
a fight broke out , and some of the men ran into the crowd , and - one thing led to another . ''
` ` do you know how rare such a thing is ? ''
a few days after his arrival , i made my preparations and informed him firmly that i meant to deal with it first thing in the morning .
i did n't need to look around to sense the same thing happening behind me ; felt , rather than saw , the eddies of similar small rallyings around the mountain 's foot , each group with one eye on the intruders , one eye on its chief for direction .
all over the clearing , the same thing was happening ; the women gave not an inch , but their men stepped out before them .
i would have thought the whole thing a fancy - dress show of some type , had it not been for the injuries of the young man they called jamie .
the screaming stones were the last thing i could truly say i remembered .
the whole thing lasted only a minute or so , though it seemed much longer .
the most likely reaction , i thought , would be to run , to summon the police , or perhaps to do nothing at all , beyond telling one 's friends and neighbors about the most extraordinary thing that happened the other day ... . as for the visitor ?
` ` the same thing that happened to laoghaire - or almost . ''
i almost died ; i 'd ha ' burst before i wet myself in front of everyone on top of it all , but it was a near thing .
` ` so , '' he spread his hands deprecatingly , dropping the clump of pine needles , now you know the worst thing that ever happened to me . ''
` ` they ' ve ne'er been more than a day 's walk from the place they were born , except for a great thing like a clan gathering , and that might happen twice in a lifetime .
` ` it starts the same in any case , but the herbs and the words are different for each thing .
` ` claire , '' he said urgently , ` ` it 's your own time on the other side of ... that thing .
` ` he said the greatest thing in a man 's life is to lie wi ' a woman he loves , '' he said softly .
` ` next thing i knew i was on the ground , wi ' my ears ringing and a pain in my jaw , where he 'd clouted me .
there was only one thing she could mean by that .
a place where all things were possible .
i do n't even know if such a thing is possible .
i rather hoped he had n't been dreaming the same sort of thing i had .
` ` the most common thing is some sort of barrier .
the possibility had occurred to me - vividly - at the time , but i had n't wanted even to suggest such a thing , if she had n't thought of it herself .
it 's not important , but there 's a small thing i wanted to tell you about before the wedding . ''
and two hundred years of things happening - we would n't know about the smaller conflicts , especially ones that happened in a different place .
after a week , the bottoms of my feet were like leather ; i could have walked on hot coals and not felt a thing . ''
` ` what a thing , '' he said .
` ` it was a fearful thing that gerhard did , '' he said simply .
but to gather the clan for war , all the fighting men - that was a rarer thing .
` ` it 's a rare thing , '' he concluded , moving the drum out of jemmy 's grasping reach .
perhaps it 's the hair , roger thought ironically , seeing the gleam of ruddy light as jamie moved , watching silently over the thing he had started .
` ` i canna remember a thing that happened before we closed the chamber door , '' he said , squeezing my buttock in a companionable way .
but there was a thing he 'd seen , lookin ' in the water , and he must tell me .
` ` i ' ve never seen such a thing , sassenach .
the funny thing is that it was roger , but i did n't think of him like that .
had i , dazed with dreams of equine lust , imagined the whole thing ?
i recall settin ' my hand upon the knob of the door , and next thing , i was lyin ' here wi ' my head split open . ''
the assembly have gone and made a riotous act , and the people are more inraged than ever , it was the best thing that could be for the country for now we shall be forced to kill all the clerks and lawyers , and we will kill them and i 'll be damned if they are not put to death .
in the center of that ring of hostile faces , he had n't felt a thing - not a thing .
in the center of that ring of hostile faces , he had n't felt a thing - not a thing .
78 no small thing brianna had come up to the big house to borrow a book .
what with one thing and another , i had n't much noticed where he 'd thrown my garments , but they seemed to be a safe distance from the flames ; the skirt was in a small heap by the bed , the bodice and shift somehow had ended up in separate corners of the room .
` ` you mean he- '' ` ` no , but it was a near thing , '' he said , wincing at the memory .
rawlings would have wanted to watch him urinate , to see what sort of difficulty he had , whether he had pain , or blood in the urine , that sort of thing . ''
the next best thing , evidently ; it was lizzie , on her way back from the dairy shed , a bowl of clotted cream in one hand , a butter dish in the other , and a large jug of milk pressed to her bosom , precariously held in place by her crossed wrists .
what with one thing and another , it had n't seemed important at the time ; i had never expected to see her again .
they 'll avoid the spot where he 's buried , one of the women will see the ghost at night , rumors will get round , as they do - and next thing , a slave at greenoaks will say something , someone in farquard 's family will hear of it , and before ye know it , someone will be over here , asking questions .
he 'd noticed the same thing , he said , and wondered why . ''
` ` it was just a - a thing people did to call attention to themselves . ''
in fact , she would n't put it past em to have planned the whole thing .
` ` lucky thing , in this crowd . ''
but she was n't going to make a habit of this kind of thing .
` ` the amazing thing is , if i had n't met you first , i 'd be seriously interested in someone like her - no kidding .
i went out to alberta and got the farm going and one thing and another , and by the time i went back to fetch gladys , back in maple creek , it was too late .
terrible thing that happened to erik , '' o'connell said .
he wanted to get away earlier to check on aundy , but one thing or another had delayed him all afternoon .
this sort of thing did n't happen in real life , especially to a girl like her .
five the last thing astrid remembered was hearing the rain as fletch traced the curve of her cheek with the tip of his finger and urged her to sleep .
will had admitted the idea had crossed his mind , which in will - speak meant he 'd planned the entire thing .
they held hands on the way back to the office , and it seemed like the most natural thing in the world .
the last thing he 'd seen was the moon , and then he 'd lost his sight forever .
i must have fallen asleep again because the next thing i knew , my eyelids were fluttering open and taking in the sunlight .
he 'd been where i was , yet he had n't experienced the same thing .
it could very well be the last good thing to happen in my life .
his brows did that arch thing again , an action i was coming to hate .
` ` the only thing that would have been cooler was if it had been recorded .
` ` i ' m just reminding you that we 're opening late tomorrow , because of justin 's birthday thing at school . ''
the sight of him taking his long , thick c*ck in hand and tilting it down to breach her p**sy was the most erotic thing she 'd ever seen .
` ` the statistics on that kind of thing are virtually unheard of on the more reputable dating sites . ''
` ` just the thing i was afraid of . ''
she should have been alarmed , perhaps even concerned , but it felt like the most natural thing in the world when he pulled her blouse over her head and cupped her br**sts through her push up bra .
that 's the only thing i know for certain . ''
that was one thing i could say about gee .
` ` well , just seems like that 's a funny thing to have a problem with .
` ` you sitting on that bench is the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
` ` the only thing the constant interruptions mean is that one of us needs to change the locks , '' i grumbled , jerking my sweater over my head and buttoning my jeans .
` ` the only thing that 's surreal to me is that you 're sitting here speaking to me , that i can reach over and touch you , '' he said , touching my face , ` ` and that you love me .
` ` i have a huge test tomorrow , first thing in the morning .
the only thing that would have made his story any more boring would be if he 'd began in the mail - sorting trenches , had we kept a mail room .
opening my eyes with the naissance de demoniac in my hands would n't be the most impossible thing that had ever happened to me .
` ` curses seem to be the popular thing around here , '' i grumbled .
we thought jack and gabe stealing the book from my uncle was the best thing that could have happened to our family , until shax held us personal y responsible .
how had i missed that horrid thing ?
it 's not the worst thing that could happen right now .
i ' ve been all over the world , but that wil be the most marvelous , beautiful thing i ' m ever going to see . ''
when you 're sweaty and exhausted holding bean , then that wil be the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen .
when i see tears fal from your eyes when we send bean off to the first day of kindergarten ... that wil the most be the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen .
every one of those moments wil be the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
the ryels were a practiced family at this sort of thing , but i struggled to keep the sadness away .
i need to be the first thing those pretty eyes see every morning . ''
` ` you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
he hugs me to him , and i realize my hands are on my stomach , and the image of my remington as a boy enduring such a thing because of something that was not his fault rocks in my head .
fuck , that 's about the hottest thing a woman 's done to me .
the thing is , scorpion has blackmailed her sister back to his side too .
i ' m never coming with you to this type of thing ever again . ''
` ` look , he 's been speedy since you got here , and this kind of thing happens after the speedy .
i think my hair is tousled and i must look every inch as trampled as i feel , but i ca n't help noting his beautiful body is fully nak*d and the most amazing thing i ' ve ever seen by daylight .
an awful sensation settles in my gut , and for a moment , the only thing i do is gape .
we stare at each other for a moment in silence , and it strikes me that the sight of that black scorpion almost crawling into my sister 's eye is the most disturbing thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
' have you ever heard of such a thing before ? '
' such things happened across the whole country . '
at some point amid these reflections he must have dozed off because the next thing he knew was jack 's hand on his shoulder , gently shaking him .
if only she could find that degree of trust within herself ... at some point during these musings she must have dozed off because the next thing she knew was a hand on her shoulder gently rousing her .
' there is such a thing as lying by omission . '
that ever such a thing should happen in my house ! '
` ` about the type thing - ` ` gideon 's head fell back to rest against the seat .
the next thing i knew , i was slung over arnoldo 's shoulder and en route to the limo .
i figured one thing was linked to the other . ''
i still ca n't believe you survived that thing .
she never would have suspected that such a thing could occur .
she laced her fingers behind his neck and buried her face in his chest , like it was the most natural thing in the world .
watching her move above him , testing and finding her rhythm , was the hottest thing he could ' ve ever imagined .
every week it 's the same thing .
meeting mr . preston could be the greatest thing that 's ever happened to us . ''
the last thing i expected to do was impulsively shout it out in a parking lot .
he told me about it first thing when i got to school this morning . ''
honestly , mom , this is the best thing that 's happened to us in years .
` ` i was talking to god - in my heart - and god was telling me i should have a talk with my daughter carol , who 's deciding if she 's going to marry this rich non - italian or walk away from the best thing since the invention of padded insoles . ''
i 'll talk to james later and make sure this sort of thing does n't ever happen again . ''
this thing i ' ve got going on now ... it could be good .
i pretended i was okay without you , that this between us was n't the most powerful thing i 'd ever felt .
so he gets a mic and a stool and plugs in the guitar and goes into this whole bit about how he does n't usually do this kind of thing but it 's a special occasion . ''
it was the craziest thing that 's ever happened to me .
but then , all i saw was the thing i was most afraid of , happening .
` ` such a horrible thing .
the only thing that kept replaying in her mind was the lilting scottish voice on the phone , the voice of logan 's ex - fiance , claire , telling him she had his baby .
there 's a magic thing that happens ... there 's no other way to say it . ''
somehow , the thought of watching her face fall when she heard they 'd decided to be friends in the horror section at blockbuster was the most devastating thing of all .
another thing he had n't feared since he was a teenager was blowing in his jeans .
he got the next person in line - who wanted a tat , thankfully , because it was his favorite thing to do to mellow him out - and got her prepped and under the needle in no time .
obviously the whole thing was a set up .
his hand finding her breast seemed the most natural thing in the world .
you guys might be crowded tonight , but we are fully equipped for this sort of thing , trust me .
that had been the most incredible thing he 'd ever felt in his life .
` ` i pretty much missed the whole thing , '' candace said .
` ` it 's been beautiful and amazing and the scariest thing that 's ever happened to me in my entire life . ''
one thing she could never forgive them for was their interference with her and brian .
maybe that was because , now that he thought about it , it was a fairly rare thing .
one excellent thing about his saturday night was that gus actually dragged in to practice , cohesively , no less , and they 'd just about blown the roof off the house .
i ' m the one who was just informed about the whole cooling - off thing . ''
` ` so tell me where you see this thing going . ''
but she was the only thing he had to look forward to .
it was n't her favorite thing to fire someone , but it looked like it was coming to that .
the worst thing was the little exaggerated show she made of wiping the side of her mouth with one tattered black sleeve as she swayed past .
` ` the thing is i was always wrong in your case . ''
apparently a video existed of the whole thing , but she 'd never allowed herself to watch it .
and the raina thing ... it was n't cool . ''
she 's kind of going through this ... thing .
except the same thing happened the next morning .
even if the only thing the doctor represented was a night away from her apartment , he could n't blame her for taking it .
it was one thing kelsey had n't crowed about until gabby mentioned it one day ; then she 'd said , ` ` oh yeah !
it was a rare thing , really , for all of the rosses to be in the same place at the same time .
what a thing to do to a man !
all the same , just this small thing made her feel better .
the one thing she was glad of was that gabe had made her see that she needed to do more than work at la patisserie .
i mean not that i would mind having a threesome with them , but for them it 's a regular thing . ''
this was the last thing she wanted to happen .
the very last thing he wanted to talk about - or imagine - when he was balls deep inside her and she was nak*d and sated in his arms , was another man touching her .
the only thing better will be when i get to come inside that sweet ass . ''
i 'll have him checked out first thing tomorrow morning . ''
the next thing she knew , gabe was shaking her awake and motioning for her to right her seat .
the last thing she wanted was for ash and jace to see her upset and think it was because of anything gabe had done to her .
he 'd been almost ready to chance it , anyway , because there was this sexual thing that happened every time he looked at her .
` ` look , dev , if you want to forget the whole thing , then- '' ` ` no , i do n't .
` ` oh , carter , do n't let me forget to call a newspaper reporter first thing tomorrow . ''
i ' m only a minor part of the whole thing .
it was the most natural thing in the world to scoot back between his parted legs , leaning back against his hard chest as he whispered in her ear and pointed up to orion 's belt .
she 'd stopped even dreaming about them , she realized , and that was the saddest thing of all .
` ` the thing is ... well , for personal reasons , i ... '' ursula held her gaze shrewdly .
next thing gage knew , he was getting a call from theo banks , who co - owned bankable records .
the last thing security saw was you running from his tour bus in tears and one of his band mates is sporting a bruised face in all the photos spread across the tabloids this morning .
but you need to meet with me first thing in the morning with the status of this series of articles .
i want to do this for you , plan the whole thing .
then there was the whole glowing eyes thing and the growling royce had done .
` ` ewan would never allow such a thing to happen .
` ` how can such a thing be possible ?
never had she imagined such a thing between a man and a woman .
she sounded supremely irritated and aggrieved that such a thing was possible .
as far as he was concerned , it was about the bravest thing he 'd seen in a long time .
this was the thing they all prayed for .
` ` yeah , see , here 's the thing .
` ` that 's a stupid thing to ask of me .
` ` i never leave my door unlocked , '' she said , as if that were the most important thing to point out , rather than the fact that he was inside her home without her permission .
his mind was too fogged to figure out whether that sound was good or bad , but he knew one thing she 'd like for sure - one place he was n't too rough for her .
as much as he needed to come , he needed to be sure this would not be a one - time thing .
` ` i ' m going to go check into that thing you asked me about , paul . ''
i still have to do some research and see if this kind of thing has ever happened before .
` ` tell her about the seeing - in - the - dark thing , '' called helen .
no one saw or felt a thing .
she could n't heal his spine , or make him walk again , and that was the only thing he wanted .
the first thing he saw was that cain was awake .
money , power , that kind of thing . ''
this whole thing had been a trap with the kid serving as bait .
lucien 's daughter smiled and it was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen in his long , long life .
sunshine had been stolen from tori , and she could n't let that same thing happen to nika .
he was out here alone with nika with no one to witness a thing .
i ' ve been looking for it since the day i met you and have n't seen a thing . ''
once he was dead , he was n't going to miss a single f**king thing .
nika also knew that her failure would be the thing that killed her .
i do n't want you with me when this thing comes .
it was a race to see who could find her first , and the only thing giving hope to his fellow theronai .
she asked before she did that thing where she collapsed to the ground like someone had yanked the life from her body .
the last thing he remembered was being in tynan 's room .
the last thing she saw was zillah wrapping his too - long fingers around tynan 's neck and tori falling from his arms onto the floor .
the last thing she felt was her husband 's love and the vow her babies had given her shatter into oblivion .
hope cleared the corner , and the first thing she saw was the gaping hole where the overhead door had been ripped open and partially off its track .
usually when he felt the presence of a blooded human , it was a gradual thing that grew as they came closer to him .
it was such an odd thing to witness that he lingered there for a moment , reveling in her perception of him .
this kind of thing rarely happened , but he had heard of it .
i think i would have remembered a thing like that . ''
death was probably the best thing that could happen to the boy .
that 's the kind of thing that proves my point .
first , the horrible thing with the warden had happened , but had been too horrible to be real .
and the dream she 'd had of him on the beach was not the kind of thing a woman forgot .
this was the kind of thing that happened in movies , not in real life .
madoc had broken tynan 's neck not long ago , and that was not the kind of thing easily forgotten .
iain had never heard of such a thing , and that bothered him .
he 'd never heard of such a thing , but then again , jackie was nothing if not amazing .
it would be hard , fast , and brutal - likely exactly the kind of thing she 'd been forced to witness while held by the synestryn .
but until those things happened , he would hover here , in this gray place , letting his body dissipate into the fog .
` ` we did n't even know such a thing was possible . ''
you were the one who wanted the mind - meld thing to happen .
the last thing she saw was cain 's expression of anguished regret as he said , ` ` i ' m sorry . ''
before , the concept was this distant , alien thing that would never happen to her - something she 'd thought about only in the vaguest sense , the way she thought about traveling the world or going to the moon .
the last thing i remember she was burning the eyes out of all the demons at once .
it was the best thing that had ever happened to her , and he wished it had n't .
` ` he 'll be taking up the reins again , of course , '' she said as if webb 's return was the most natural thing in the world .
that 's a helluva thing to do to an insomniac , is n't it ? ''
he glanced at roanna ; the last thing she needed to hear right now was that lucinda was ill . ` ` keep her in line , '' he said briefly , and lowered his voice as he turned away so roanna would n't be able to hear him .
` ` the thing is , you did n't fall .
` ` you were wrong about one thing , though . ''
her orgasm was n't a sweet , pleasurable thing .
was violated was the worst thing he 'd ever endured in all his years in the military and in kgi .
i heard every goddamn thing that happened to her .
i would n't change one thing that happened last night .
right now , that 's the only thing i know for sure . ''
it was pretty much the only thing that could have , and damn him , he knew it .
eddie and christian , who were talking about something with each other , did n't notice a thing .
that sort of thing usually set off my warning bells , but this time , it triggered a weird rush of memories , of times past when lissa had depended on me so much .
` ` would n't be the weirdest thing that 's happened around here , '' he pointed out .
` ` the creepy thing is that the same stories are all over the place at the elementary campus too . ''
a coffee shop seems like an ordinary thing , but i rarely got to go to them .
i told you before , that is n't the kind of thing you walk away from unscathed .
a dragomir returning to power is no small thing - particularly one such as her .
five minutes ago , me marrying adrian had been the craziest thing i 'd ever heard .
then i felt the weirdest thing through the bond .
i thought there was just one thing going on , but there ' ve been two .
it was a hell of a thing in the middle of the mess he was in .
` ` i found out the most disturbing thing about myself today . ''
it had been heartbreaking to watch ; it must have been a terrible thing to have to endure .
what could be considered a true miracle , that sort of thing .
too beautiful to go to this thing alone . ''
` ` i read about this kind of thing in those books , you know .
this regulation is intended to motivate werewolves to learn to control their change - in order to get the praetor off their backs ; an accidental attack is a disaster for the praetor and the werewolf community , and they require strong rules to prevent such a thing .
that 's usually how that kind of thing turns out .
more of this kind of thing please , thanks , love simon .
the bizarre things you feel might be just your imagination acting up , or your imagination might be the only thing that sees you safely through the perils you sense moving soundlessly around you in the dark of your room .
you can be banned from peru because of that shocking thing you did involving a llama , and you still can be one of the kindest , most decent and dependable people in the world .
it is a horrible thing to happen to two innocent people in love , and books are all about horrible things happening to people .
it is a horrible thing to happen to two innocent people in love , and books are all about horrible things happening to people .
it was not even the most scandalous thing that happened to will that day .
this will also be a one - time thing .
the concern in her eyes was the most sincere thing i 'd seen that morning .
` ` it was the hardest thing i 'd ever experienced .
the next thing i know , she 's dancing on a bar somewhere .
she 's the best thing that ever happened to me .
i held her against me and realized that if there was no such thing as fate , then someone had to be up there dealing out winning hands .
` ` the most beautiful thing i ' ve seen in my life .
` ` this whole stupid thing ? ''
honest to god , i ' m beginning to think this whole broken heater thing is a ruse to land me on his mattress .
i think you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to me , kendall jordan . ''
it 's that whole power exchange thing cheryl hit on in class .
it echoes through my bones as my body waits for that very thing .
` ` they had this thing . ''
i was n't around when marcus and willow had met , but apparently it had been a love - at - first - sight kind of thing .
the first thing i saw was a woman standing there with a bandanna around her head .
this was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen , and eva had done some sexy shit before .
fifteen minutes after i went back in that bar , i do n't remember one f**king thing .
normally this would be an expected thing .
first thing , you split from an asshole , the ring comes off . ''
the death of odin and his cohorts of asgard had always seemed the most horrific , the most obscene thing she could imagine .
` ` the thing is , i kind of know him already . ''
that 's just the cutest thing ever . ''
` ` she loves this kind of thing .
just my luck he 'd be off riding some horse in a demonstration and miss the whole thing . ''
i expected that he might show up for a meal or something , but we 'd both agreed what happened in august was a onetime thing . ''
mom said the thing she regretted most about the fire was that your medals were lost and- '' thomas 's head snapped up .
when thomas opened the front door , the first thing he heard was an infant 's wail .
the first thing he noticed was that she did n't sound quite like herself .
her expression told gary it was n't necessary , that he did n't need to entertain her son ; what she did n't realize was that he actually enjoyed this sort of thing .
she 'd been serious when she told gary she intended to hand in her letter of resignation first thing monday morning .
` ` is that the coolest thing that 's happened to me in my entire life or what ? ''
your wedding photo was on her bedside table , so it was the last thing she saw at night and the first thing every morning .
` ` thing is , i ' ve always been partial to round numbers . ''
but the pain was still there , and dr . furman was gone , and the last thing she wanted was to deal with dr . melton .
joe 's neighbor was the kind of guy who burned leaves on the first gorgeous day of spring and mowed his lawn first thing saturday mornings , and the two of them had nearly come to blows more than once after a long night with the baby .
her only saving grace - the only positive thing to come out of the whole experience - was that she 'd apologized in his office .
the door to the garage was propped open , and when she walked in and turned on the light , the first thing she noticed was the collection of wiggling , whining furballs surrounding her .
aside from the fact that you were underage and the whole thing was illegal . ''
the toddlers squealed with delight , as if it were the funniest thing they 'd ever seen .
but there 's a part of me that does n't want to accept that it 's a onetime thing , even though we both know it is . ''
` ` you are the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
he wondered whether her husband had found her beautiful first thing in the morning , with her hair askew , the way travis did when he saw gabby .
` ` and the thing is ...
except for the peeing thing , the dog had always acted as if he thought he were human .
i know it 's just a one - time thing , but it should be fun . ''
again , his bland expression seemed forced , but before she could dwell on it , richard seemed to snap out of the spell he 'd been under and his smile suddenly became natural again , as if the whole thing had been an illusion .
the same thing happened again .
but because he had n't shown up yet to pick them up from the salon , she guessed she 'd been right in thinking that the whole thing had been a ruse to see her again .
as if he honestly believed she 'd think this whole thing were a coincidence .
the whole thing must have been planned , and not only that , richard had anticipated how she would react .
` ` so you think he set that whole thing up , do n't you ? ''
` ` you still mad about that mike harris thing ? ''
though she 'd suspected that he 'd had something to do with his father 's death , she could n't bring herself to believe that the same thing could happen to her .
` ` i know we all want to believe this is a sleepy little town , and for the most part it is , but bad things happen in places like this , too . ''
a little too excited about the whole thing .
everyone remembered that saddam hussein had set most of the wells in kuwait on fire as he 'd retreated in the first gulf war , and no one wanted the same thing to happen again .
the expression on the guy 's face told him that the last thing he 'd expected was to receive that much cash .
the last thing he 'd expected was to see his friend once more .
and i think the reason he told you his suspicions was because he does n't want the same thing to happen to him that 's happened to the other men you ' ve dated . ''
the whole thing is ... creepy and weird .
she read it again before she went to bed that night , trying to fathom the coincidence , and read it again the next morning as if to make sure the whole thing was n't a dream .
without another word they came together , as if it were the most natural thing in the world , and he put his arms around her , drawing her close .
it is a terrible thing to outlive your child , a tragedy i wish upon no one .
i give up the pretence of mystery , and i kiss her hand and bring it to my cheek and whisper in her ear : ` ` you are the greatest thing that has ever happened to me . ''
that was another thing she had n't exactly expected when she 'd started out from the house this morning .
you would know that despite everything , kyle is the greatest thing that 's ever happened to me .
joe did n't know whether to be livid because of the jump or relieved that the whole thing had worked out .
there 's one or two a week comin ' in here , looking just like you do now , hoping for the same thing .
but at night , lying under the sheet with the oscillating fan rattling in the background , she found herself hoping and praying that the whole thing was real .
the whole thing was so perfect ...
and if so , was the same thing going to happen to her ?
but if the same thing should start happening with kyle ... '' she trailed off , swiping at her cheek .
what neither of them knew was that judy had witnessed the whole thing .
getting his dog back was the only thing he put on his christmas list . ''
everything was new , as it was so long ago , and when i watched her leave with anna a minute later , i was suddenly certain that this wedding was the most blessed thing to have happened to us in years .
` ` and you think the same thing 's going to happen to us , '' she said carefully .
when we lost john , it stopped being a happy thing for her .
in that instant , blackie swooped down and landed on my head , which was quite simply the most terrifying thing ever to happen to me in my young life .
that 's part of the joy of this whole thing . ''
my dad , obviously tiring of this sort of thing awakening him in the middle of the night , heard my mom 's exortations to ` ` do something , mike ! ''
i ca n't remember what we 'd been arguing about , but one thing led to the next , and fists were flying .
it was a terrible thing to believe - and as a parent now , i know that attention is n't the same as love - but the feeling would n't go away .
i mean , it 's the only thing i wanted .
though a small thing , it would be another in a long line of ` ` first - time - evers '' we would experience together .
so i 'd try to repeat myself , and the same thing happened again .
we were in a reflective mood , and , watching the snow flurries , we talked about the things we 'd seen , the places we 'd been .
we would be departing first thing in the morning , and because of a two - hour layover in england , the flight home would take nearly fifteen hours .
and if you can get some actual footage of the lights , it might be just the thing that gma or primetime needs to make their decision . ''
the divorce had become final seven years ago , and to be honest , it was the only truly sad thing ever to have happened to him .
the mayor 's buddy did things like that all the time , which frankly did n't bother the mayor all that much , since he 'd just done the same thing .
but the next thing we knew , the storm was on us .
this whole thing , especially being escorted by the mayor like a prom queen , was just a little bit too small - town america , not to mention a little on the weird side .
as he stood onstage , lexie winked at him , which only made the whole thing seem more surreal .
so i tell him i ' m fine and that i ' m here working with you , and the next thing i know i ' m locked up for the night !
the next thing she knew , jeremy came waltzing in , acting as if nothing had changed .
instead , i sent him letters about how guard duty was without a doubt the most boring job ever invented and that the only exciting thing to happen to me in weeks was trying to guess how many cigarettes the other guard would actually smoke in a single evening .
as soon as they were close , they jumped at the girls with a yell ; both girls shrieked and did the friendly slap thing .
i swallowed , feeling a sudden dryness in my throat , which was just about the strangest thing that had ever happened to me .
i could complain about him , but the last thing i wanted to hear was someone else doing it , too .
` ` meeting you has been the best thing that 's ever happened to me . ''
as for what happened on the beach , i saw the whole thing .
` ` anyway , she asked if i had some time to really discuss it , and even though i told her i only had a few minutes , one thing led to another and we ended up going to lunch .
this is n't just a weekend thing ; some kids have come here regularly for more than a year .
i was back in my regular life again , and all at once , it felt like i had just imagined the whole thing .
` ` you want to know what the worst thing about all this is ? ''
` ` it 's pretty much the most miserable thing there is .
the same thing was happening with the portrait of carly thathung in his bedroom .
one thing you 'll learn about me is that i ' m good with secrets .
the next thing i knew , i was on my way to thebeach .
next thing i know , you 'll be telling me that i might want to order from the kids ' menu , seeingas how i ' m gaining weight . ''
next thing he knew , it was midnight , and the neighborhood outside hiswindow was still .
and the same thing the week before that ? ''
` ` that has to be the craziest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' she said , shaking her head .
she had no idea how jo had been able to jog in this heat , even first thing in themorning .
they spend time together , practice some physical moves , one thing leads to another -- '' ` ` that 's ridiculous , '' i said .
he was still diligent , but the idea of someone sneaking feeders into a prison was hardly the kind of thing one would expect -- or view as a security risk .
clearly , we were the most exciting thing to happen to him all night .
he did n't do it very often , and when he did , it was a powerful thing .
it was n't even because of any dramatic running - toward - each - other reunion type thing between him and his brother .
` ` interesting thing to bring on a college visit . ''
the only thing i could do was lean my head against his chest and let him wrap his arms around me .
maybe they do think the las vegas thing was just a harmless prank . ''
they were making their point , proving staking was n't an easy thing to learn .
but saying one thing before it happens and then actually having that thing happen are two different things . ''
` ` we 're wearing masks to this thing ?
this was possibly the most monumental thing to happen in our history .
the thing was , as the handcuffs were clamped onto my wrists , i was starting to think i was in trouble too .
this kind of thing ... it has n't happened in ages .
it was how adrian coped with this sort of thing .
the next thing she knew , he was gently waking her .
we do n't need to make a huge thing out of it - just a few friends getting together to celebrate the holidays . ''
finn had placed a gift under it first thing that morning .
first thing the next morning , carrie contacted finn 's mother and they set a time to meet .
i even spoke with dr . beilefeld , which had been the most important thing to happen since my arrival .
` ` the thing is , it ca n't last the way it 's going .
` ` to commemorate one thing or another . ''
` ` i can get that amount- '' ` ` money never kills this kind of thing , nora .
almost as bad as ` ` fooling yourself '' -another thing nora would n't abide .
you have to look at the beginning of a thing , not the end .
if this terrible thing happens , eric , you must go on .
` ` there was a thing in liz smith 's column this week , one of those gossipy hints she loves to make - you know the ones .
this was exactly the sort of thing that alexandra had been dreaming about for years , and now he was finally ready to indulge her .
this was precisely the sort of thing that she enjoyed most .
you 'll never forget it , for it is truly a remarkable thing to watch .
she would have long since become the talk of the town if it did , since this was precisely the sort of thing that all the gossip mongers would positively drool over - a lord 's daughter dressing as a boy and prancing about with loaded pistols and swords .
this really was n't the sort of thing he ought to be thinking of as he readied himself to meet with her elder brother .
her waistline was high , as fashion decreed , her neckline scooped low ... too low - if such a thing was possible .
and then the most remarkable thing happened .
casting a quick glance in ryan 's direction , he saw that he had noticed the same thing , but before either of them could reach out to help her , her body sagged sideways , and she toppled from her saddle .
his heart tightened with pleasure at watching her carry on as if standing there in front of the tuileries palace with two agents from the british foreign office was the most natural thing in the world .
one thing i ' m certain of , however , is this - i do n't want to die a virgin . ''
she had no experience with this sort of thing .
you encouraged him to challenge me , knowing it was very likely the only thing i was going to learn anything from .
` ` is that bullfighting 's quite a commonplace thing where i come from .
` ` well , i was thinking that a ride in the park might be just the thing to make you want to keep my company . ''
` ` oh , do you really think that such a thing might be possible ?
instead , she merely sat there quietly , sipping her tea , all the while praying that mr . summersby had noticed no such thing .
this was precisely the sort of thing that would make the headlines in every gossip column .
william had noticed the same thing and was doing his very best to look at anything other than directly at mary .
i admired him for it , and , well , the thing is that i was hoping that he might still be able to help me . ''
i ... well , you see , the thing is that- '' ` ` oh , for heaven 's sake , i already know that you killed him . ''
this was n't the time to argue , and in any event , ryan knew that his brother had more experience with this sort of thing than he did .
the one thing that ryan had insisted must never happen had come to pass anyway .
` ` i had no idea that she had a ward , '' lady trenton said , looking to her companions as if to see if either of them had ever heard of such a thing .
` ` perhaps this trip to constantinople will be just the thing to help our marriage onto the right track , but in return i want you to make me a promise . ''
even now that such a thing was possible , he 'd fight it with every fiber of his being .
the bulge at his crotch appeared to have grown in size , if such a thing was even possible .
british fashion was clearly far too restrictive to allow for such a thing , so he eventually sat back up , discreetly eyeing his brother and trenton before turning his full attention on the sultan .
` ` even if i wanted such a thing , i belong to another man .
the next thing ren knew , lucas reached for her hand and pulled her forward .
and by that i mean he watches but he orchestrates every thing that happens .
the very last thing i wanted was to hook up with another guy , but i met lucas and i ' m still not sure what happened exactly .
` ` i 'll courier them over first thing monday morning .
or are you instead going to screw up the best thing that 's ever happened to you because you 're afraid ? ''
connor shifted again , and the next thing she knew , light flooded the room as he switched the lamp back on .
` ` the whole thing was my fault .
he 'd made her forget about every bad thing that had ever happened to her .
the only thing i see is a loudmouthed , disrespectful a**hole who is about to get his ass beat .
the thing is , he 's known for a long time about your past .
i did n't even know she 'd called the thing off until i called to confirm our reservations only to discover she 'd canceled them . ''
she liked herself the way she was , and she was pissed as hell that she 'd let a man change the way she looked at herself , even if it had been a temporary thing .
next thing you know , you 'll be dickless and wearing pink . ''
and the thing is , he 's still living in the past .
friends , movies , group dates , that sort of thing , so i doubt anyone could have gotten the wrong idea from me . ''
` ` he 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me , and i cringe every time i think of the way i tried to drive him away . ''
damndest thing i ever saw .
murie hoped not ; she 'd never been kissed before , and it had been quite the most exciting thing she 'd ever experienced .
his cousin loved this sort of thing .
murie had been suffering with a full bladder for much of the last two hours - not an easy thing when one was being jostled .
she would begin to make this room more hospitable first thing on the morrow , right after she tended the great hall .
' t was the most incredible thing i have ever seen . ''
murie beamed at them as if it were the most natural thing in the world . ` `
consciousness glimmered , a twinkling , faraway thing .
and the same thing might happen if you make her stay .
that was the most incredible thing of all .
i like that he is n't overdressed for this thing , like some of the other gel - haired , button - up - shirt - wearing guys circling us .
he asks , like seeing someone clean is the strangest thing he 's ever witnessed .
this last point , lady gerville claimed , was the thing thatupset lord gerville themost , for his chatelain , legere , hadnever informed him of these problems .
father promised tovisit the village at gerville first thing inthe morning and arrange for new servantsforhere .
` ` it was theoddest thing .
` ` the only dreadful thing is that woman . ''
part of her wanted to snatch up the scroll , read the instructions , and follow them to get the whole thing finally over with .
it was the last thing charlie heard .
i tried to avoid going to my locker except first thing in the morning and before going home .
she 'd stuck out her chest further and the flip thing she did with her long blonde hair over her shoulders had just happened .
but then , the expression of awe on her face with her mouth slightly open in wonder as she gently used her innocent ministrations to give me my release had been the absolute sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
too bad it was a fleeting thing .
the dumb blonde thing she had going really threw me off .
and there 's one other thing : he asked that i give you these , '' he said , removing three sealed envelopes from the file .
all he 'd had to do was shoot him up with grain alcohol once he 'd passed out , and the next thing you know , tommy had choked on his own vomit .
'cause last thing i remember before i blacked out , he told me that you were next . ''
next thing i knew , the war was over and i was home .
the thought enraged him , which made him shiver even more , and the whole thing would start over .
the first time , i acted like i suspected nothing at all while he rambled on about some golf thing he planned to do tomorrow with a friend named roger .
the stranger had thrown himself behind some tables and alan could no longer see him , but the next thing he knew , bottles of liquor were sailing over his head at ted and abee while gunshots ricocheted around the bar .
cassie knew they were all seeing the same thing : a crystal skull surrounded by a protective ring of candles- and one of the candles going out .
that 's the one thing i could n't stand , cassie , for her to get her hands on adam .
as if it were the most natural thing in the world , he reached out to take her from nick - and nick resisted .
the only thing i wish is that you and adam and nick and deborah had n't run off without the rest of us .
he was reddish - brown and white , the cutest thing she 'd seen in forever .
but saying that out loud to fiona would guarantee she 'd hate him forever , and he could n't have that - not with the weird thing she 'd done to his heart .
this was a normal thing .
it was n't a stupid thing to want .
if you do n't tell me , the thing that happened to p.c .
` ` you did n't see that thing on the beach - that void , mike .
` ` -but the girl managed to stumble through them , and the next thing she knew she had reached the boy .
the only really peculiar thing was that there was only one door in all the four walls , the only door that had been visible in the picture .
` ` but it 's the only thing that makes sense , '' jenny said .
that first second was the most horrible thing that had ever happened to jenny .
but when he lost himself , kissing her as if he would die if he could not have her , it was the most wonderful thing that had ever happened to her .
how could he say that after the extraordinary thing that had just occurred between them ?
his stomach growled , another thing he took as a positive sign .
the next thing he knew , sam nudged him awake .
the last thing she wanted was to hurt marlene 's feelings .
always nice to see bloodshed first thing in the a.m. '' ` ` rusty sold rachel out , '' sam said bluntly .
` ` which whole thing ? ''
` ` this is just a thing , hazel , '' my mom said .
` ` the thing that brought us nearly together , '' i said .
only one thing followed type : afterward , when i had my face resting against augustus 's chest , listening to his heart pound , augustus said , ` ` hazel grace , i literally can not keep my eyes open . ''
so there is this thing called maslow 's hierarchy of needs .
i called isaac , who cursed life and the universe and god himself and who said where are the goddamned trophies to break when you need them , and then i realized there was no one else to call , which was the saddest thing .
i have to issue a check to the liquor supplier when he delivers first thing tomorrow . ''
first thing this morning she 'd gone to the police department , trailed by an assortment of paparazzi , and filed an official report on the extortion .
and the most surprising thing was that he 'd swear her posture was n't deliberate .
` ` tell me you bought a killer new dress for this thing . ''
her lungs did that lockdown thing they usually did when he touched her - only this time he stood a yard away .
he 'd missed the whole damn thing .
she had to remember that this was a temporary affair , because if she did n't the only thing she could guarantee was heartache .
` ` the craziest thing happened to me today .
tom seemed delighted with the whole thing .
she 'd jumped out of bed suddenly to tell him to turn down that stupid cartoon - and the next thing she knew she was waking up with her head in a wastebasket .
the terrible thing was that it kept walking .
it was the scariest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life . ''
the same thing is happening to all of us - we 're all here .
the little girl was looking around , green eyes opening wide as she realized that she was alone down here , a thing which had never happened before .
the strangest thing was what portia had muttered before getting up .
she and faye had both written about the same thing ...
she 'd thought being an outcast at school was the worst thing that could happen to her .
and the most terrible thing was the silence , the utter , continuing silence .
i - i guess i ' m a little wound up about this thing tonight .
from the bottom of a pit , she asked faye emptily , ` ` what kind of thing ? ''
it was such an unlikely thing for her , jenny thornton , to be .
dear mom and dad , a terrible thing happened at tom 's birthday party last month .
so if they were in the shadow world , then the worst thing - the worst thing that any of them was thinking- ` ` a bite , '' dee said .
` ` then that whole thing was your fault , '' dee said unkindly , voice still hoarse .
i mean , i do n't remember having any dreams about this kind of thing .
kyle knew one thing in this crazy , mixed - up night .
what would he think about if the same thing happened today ?
last night , for the first time , he had n't planned a damn thing .
my attorney will be in touch with you first thing next week . ''
rather , family and friends had gathered - much like the sort of thing his dad had said they wanted to throw for him , the sort of shindig he usually avoided .
next thing they knew , his mom was clearing the house of the kids , passing his sister alicia money to take him and darcy to the corner mart for soda and a candy bar .
` ` well , the same thing again , it seemed to me .
well , one thing leads to another , and this and that , and the next thing you know they 're truly friends , he 's making tea for her in the afternoons , and running little errands for her , helping her hang photographs , put up screens , dust the apartment for her , little things like that .
first thing he saw on his way into the squadroom was a redheaded girl sitting at bert kling 's desk .
in a million years , the same thing could probably never happen again .
about the only good thing to come out of the whole day was meeting blaze , which gave her hope that she 'd have at least one person to spend time with this summer .
` ` they 're coming first thing tomorrow ! ''
as soon as she hung up with dad , she would probably call her sister or her own mom and spread the news about the latest horrible thing ronnie had done .
one little thing happens , and you 're off in never - never land .
the thing is , scott 's an amazing swimmer , grew up at the beach and all that - and he managed to pull the three of us out , even though he was only twelve at the time .
so he 'd lied , and unfortunately his mom had chosen to blame the whole thing on ronnie .
not when he realized they actually had a chance to win the whole thing .
` ` okay , after all the ridiculous buildup , '' jonah started , ` ` and watching the whole thing from start to finish , i just have one thing to say . ''
but marcus thought the whole thing was hilarious , and the minute that rocket fell behind the church , he ran over to the churchyard .
it was a beautiful thing , what you did . ''
it was like some secret code ; a song would end and another would begin , dancers streaming off the floor while others replaced them , choosing their places in line , leaving her with the impression that the whole thing had been choreographed in advance .
the next thing she knew , she was a chi omega and putting a deposit down on the room in the house .
but it was just about the most stressful thing she 'd ever gone through , and she was determined not to let it happen again .
the next thing he knew , the woman was clawing at his face and latching on to his hair while he scuffled with the man .
` ` that 's one thing it is n't .
` ` well , for starters , horses and pigs and chickens need to be fed first thing in the morning and their stalls need to be cleaned .
demon 's ear twitched again , as if he were wondering if the whole thing was some sort of practical joke .
` ` it could be the next big thing up there - people lining up all day long . ''
` ` the same thing that usually happens to pigs , '' he answered .
` ` that 's the same thing , is n't it ? ''
the same thing would happen in the afternoons .
it was just about the oddest thing he 'd ever experienced .
the same thing happened to drake and his brother ... '' ` ` drake ? ''
later , when he walked her to the car , she had the sense that he 'd been imagining exactly the same thing .
brian was insistent , the room was spinning , and one thing led to the next .
the thing is , i never wanted you to ride in the first place .
there was no guarantee that such a thing would even be legally allowed , so for all these reasons , she said nothing on that final day .
the only thing i knew for sure was that he 'd been far too young and that it did n't make any sense .
and the exact same thing happened when i called moma . ''
` ` i was attacked by cupids this morning , '' he said with a shrug , as if such a thing were a common day occurrence .
and the strangest part was - right there , right then , with the golden light rippling down upon them - it seemed the most natural thing in the world .
` ` you are so beautiful , '' he whispered , and the amazing thing was that he was not even looking at her face .
the whole thing would have been highly entertaining if not for her , and the morning .
which she supposed was n't the worst thing in the world .
just one more thing to add to the list of payback he 's earned . ''
` ` but this is n't the time for that sort of thing .
when it is , one thing ends , another begins .
as they sat , as food was grabbed , conversation rolled , beers were uncapped , cybil knew one true thing .
` ` next thing you 're going to tell me there 's no easter bunny . ''
i ' m busy getting shot and digging latrines , and the next thing i know we 're having a baby . ''
this is literally the funniest thing i ' ve seen in awhile .
your latest thing was hilarious . ''
and honestly , by the end of the evening , even in spite of the whole crumbling - into - a - sobbing - heap thing , i can say it 's been the best benefit event i ever remember attending at the old palace .
she 'd start with the one thing that had always been good between them - the sex - and build from there .
` ` i 'll hire a landscaping crew and have them onsite first thing monday .
` ` i 'll get them tonight and have them couriered to you first thing tomorrow .
` ` i have to be in singapore first thing monday morning to close a deal .
the only thing i can guess is that he 's been tracking me , monitoring my progress .
you are easily the best thing mary elizabeth and i ever did together and the best parts of both of us combined .
` ` the ironic thing is , my mother 's remarried . ''
` ` i did n't know there was such a thing in this day and age . ''
` ` what a horrible thing to find out about your own father . ''
` ` so what 's this night of hecate thing ? ''
` ` mom , '' cassie said with difficulty , ` ` i know you 're sick , and i know you 're scared , but there 's one thing you do n't have to be scared of anymore .
` ` we won , i ' m pretty sure , '' he says , taking my hand like it 's the most natural thing in the world .
` ` thinking she was dead was seriously the most terrifying thing that 's ever happened to me .
i say nothing in response , and my mother does the strangest thing - she giggles .
next , the most amazing thing happens : tiffany simply jogs away from me , and i can not believe i finally got her to leave me alone .
i ' m not all that upset about this , because a funny thing happens at the end of the game .
the best therapist in the entire world the monday morning after the eagles beat the texans , a funny thing happens .
but there is eagles football to think about now , and i know that an eagles victory is just about the only thing that will smooth things over with my father , so i begin to hope , and i even say a little prayer to god , who i bet was pretty impressed with my dance routine last night , so maybe he will cut me a break today .
and then the sun comes up and you get to your destination and the ride becomes the thing that is no longer real , because that surreal feeling has vanished and time has become meaningful again .
what was the worst thing that could have happened ?
when i finally get to the decorated row house , a funny thing happens .
and the funniest thing to me was that the kids came to him and asked him to start the club because they were worried that someone was going to get hurt or die if their friends kept driving home after parties .
one thing i do n't do is tell people i knew jake growing up .
i guess the sad thing for me , or maybe in hindsight the best thing , was just as i was realising the depth of my feelings for jake , he was gone .
it 's weird but i just ca n't seem to find a thing to say to him , and i had all yesterday to prepare .
i have half - an - hour max with him and the last thing i want to do is waste it arguing about things that happened twelve years ago , or f**k this interview up - it 's way too important to vicky , and the magazine as a whole .
` ` yeah a surprise , you remember those - they usually happen on birthdays , that kind of thing . ''
one thing i do n't talk about it is will .
then the very next thing i do is get my phone out and save jake 's number to my contacts .
i did n't do any of the sightseeing i had intended to on my first day in stockholm , and i probably wo n't today either as i ' m here with jake and the guys at the stadium , and then it 's the show tonight , then we leave first thing in the morning to go to germany .
my folks are arriving first thing in the morning .
so i ' ve been sat with denny for the last hour drinking bottled beer , while he 's been regaling stories of all of their time together at college , before they left to focus on the band , and also when they first started out gigging , things they got up to , that kind of thing .
so i ' ve been sat with denny for the last hour drinking bottled beer , while he 's been regaling stories of all of their time together at college , before they left to focus on the band , and also when they first started out gigging , things they got up to , that kind of thing .
and one thing i have noticed is he 's staying light on the stories about jake .
the next thing i know , jake is stood over me .
he holds his hand out for me take , but i do n't get a chance to respond , because the next thing i know jake is scooping me up in his arms .
he says this like it 's a normal thing .
` ` i get it tru , it was a one time thing for you , it 's fine - you want to stay with will .
i must have fallen asleep on jake , because the next thing i know , he is lifting me up off the sofa and into his arms , and the room is in darkness .
the next thing i know , we 're at the car .
` ` the next thing i know , i ' m puking up water , and stuart is over me , holding me up . ''
one good thing to come out of me and jake , i guess .
whether that 's a deliberate thing or he 's just so caught up in the show , i ' m not sure .
the next thing i know jake is grabbing hold of me from behind , pulling me around to face him .
losing you because of what i did - because of the drugs , was the single worst thing that has ever happened to me .
you know there 's treatment for that kind of thing , right ? ''
the next thing i know , jake is beside me , gathering my hair back from my face as his other hand gently soothes my back .
one thing it does remind me to do is take my contraceptive pill .
the worst thing for jake was that he had no choice but to report it to the police , and now scott has been charged with fraud .
the next thing i know , jake 's body is slamming into mine , picking me up , carrying me down the hall to our bedroom .
next thing i 'll hear , you 'll be baking . ''
everyone you love is safe and well , so the only thing you could be mourning right now is the death of our relationship . ''
the next thing i knew , the car was in reverse , and i was spinning it around , driving out of there .
the next thing i know , jake is in front of me , taking hold of my arms .
the next thing i hear is snow patrol 's ` ` make this go on forever . ''
there really should be a law against this kind of thing .
` ` it 's a common thing that happens among women , so no , i do n't think there will be any side effects from it .
the only unfortunate thing about our trip was that susie and dale were away on holiday , as we could have visited them too .
her lips part , but the only thing i hear is a light breath escape .
i try to make the words , but my throat screams in pain and the only thing that escapes is a breath .
that had been my exact reaction when they arrived first thing this morning .
i had n't really registered it as a thing i do .
` ` some romantic thing that has lisa dissolving into tears every two minutes or so , '' rick shrugged dismissively , ignoring the way his wife was glaring at him over the top of her round little glasses .
` ` that thing where you have a meeting and you can see people on the other side of the world on a monitor in the room ? ''
i guess it was a regular thing .
slade and dex seemed content to just watch the whole thing play out with barely repressed smiles .
` ` this huge thing is going to take three people across the world ?
this is the most interesting thing that has ever happened to me .
if just the idea and this much sensation was overwhelming her , she could hardly wait for the real thing .
landon had started to think that crashing and finding this island was the best thing that could have happened to them .
` ` the funny thing is , if they had asked me to take the risk and go to south america with them , i would have .
she saw the whole thing , but she does n't want to call the cops .
the last thing she could remember was the world lighting up around her and thunder cracking through the room .
` ` they 're having a big thing in portland this weekend . ''
` ` the thing is that one time was in the first week in october .
she should have known that such a thing was impossible .
she remembered how he used to kiss her first thing in the morning , every day , even when he was late for work , and how she sometimes pushed him away because she had other , more important things on her mind .
the next thing she knew , he had her in his arms and was carrying her up the stairs .
i let the missing become who i was ... then conlan left me and i came back home and that 's when the most amazing thing happened . ''
the last thing angie heard was her sister saying , ` ` like i said .
she put one foot in front of the other , and the next thing she knew she was at the lock .
` ` that 's the amazing thing , con .
` ` the thing is ... angie and i are scared . ''
the last thing he wanted jamie to think was that he 'd arranged anything .
if that was the case , rich would be the first to remind her that she was the one who 'd started the whole thing .
it was happening already - the very thing she 'd tried to warn rich about .
he 'd been so angry , such a jealous idiot , and one thing had led to another .
* * * rich must have fallen asleep because the next thing he knew the phone was ringing .
as they neared the apartment complex , she realized one more thing .
the next thing he knew she 'd be meddling in all his personal affairs .
the first thing that struck her was that julie was right .
her mother screamed , and the next thing summer heard was the phone hitting the floor .
i do n't want the same thing to happen to you . ''
` ` it 'll probably be the best thing to happen to my reputation in years .
the last thing he expected was that she 'd burst into tears .
` ` first thing this morning , '' james told her .
had he planned the whole thing ?
` ` i used to have to take care of my half sister - feed her , keep her safe and happy , that kind of thing . ''
` ` the only thing that 's the same is the rape - and the beating . ''
the last thing he remembered was shutting off his cell and house phone and climbing into his bed , where he 'd stared at the ceiling for what felt like hours .
besides , it was an impressive thing to see in an ad .
` ` it 's kind of a simultaneous thing , '' i said .
first thing , i turned on all the lights on the ground floor and checked all the windows , which were securely locked .
the next thing i knew , someone was picking me up .
the next thing i knew , he had me lifted off my feet again and his mouth was on mine .
she could have gone at any time to get my clothes : first thing this morning , or at lunch , or she might wait until she was finished with work for the day - but i did n't think she would wait that long , because she had to meet wyatt somewhere to give the bag to him and sometimes she had to work until eight , nine o'clock at night .
she brought your bag over first thing this morning . ''
maybe i should have asked that much earlier , but the handstand thing had kind of thrown us into a no - talking zone for a while .
as for calling me sweetheart , that 's what he called me when we were married , so maybe it was just an unconscious thing . ''
` ` it was a terrible thing that happened this morning , '' the chief said solemnly .
the first thing i noticed was that he had that grim expression again .
there was an interesting tent thing going on just below his waist , and i wanted to check it out , but that seemed cruel considering my stated position of not wanting to have sex with him .
not one thing had happened to make me think i might die , which was a nice change of pace .
` ` now , are there any other little secrets you 're keeping from me , anyone else you 're blackmailing , any revenge thing going on that you neglected to mention because you did n't think it was relevant ? ''
shit thing he did to her but i ' m glad they 're finding a way to make amends .
` ` i really think you 'll like how this place has rooms set up to show you how things go together . ''
i needed to find a way to explain it so that i did n't end this ... this thing we had going .
throwing her on my bed and f**king her until i had her screaming my name again and telling me that her tight little p**sy was mine had been the only thing i could think about while i touched her .
` ` losing you would be the only thing that could destroy me . ''
the sad thing was , liz was right .
as if she 'd even remember this conversation , i vowed to call her first thing .
the thing is i meant to pick up some extra clothes today , but i did n't expect to get hired so quickly , so i actually did n't have time . ''
` ` first thing tomorrow , i 'll get rid of all those paintings .
i 'd acted cool and like i found the whole thing funny as a way to fool myself into believing that it was put on , an act .
blood of kings , that sort of thing . ''
what delicious thing had mrs . de longe cooked for him tonight ?
the first thing she saw was that a wall safe was open and scattered on the cabinet below were a stack of papers .
` ` the coat thing , that 's a definite . ''
` ` that spinning around thing ? ''
then that friend of yours -- newt -- he and fern started talking , and the next thing i ' m being told to go up to my room and he 's following .
the shock of such a thing would have wounded her -- even though isabel had been deserted by her husband .
` ` well , first thing , i ' m going to have a well dug on my place so i do n't have to keep going to the creek for water .
the high meadow ranch was home , and home was always filled with chatter and memories and wonderful things to eat .
he cleared his throat and helped her up , as if was the most natural thing in the world to have the woman of his dreams show up , bound and gagged , on the sofa in a remote cabin in the montana hills in a blinding blizzard .
that can only mean one thing - new neighbor girl is crying .
i ate a few times , but honestly , emily , the only thing i did was think about you and how much you mean to me .
i know without a doubt i will be with this man forever , and i want to experience every last thing imaginable with him .
after all , one thing the stories are certain about is that he was full of spirit . '
i could n't let the same thing happen to her .
i had never heard of such a thing , but when i 'd asked for more information , he just said it was a type of magic earth users once practiced but never did anymore .
` ` a daughter ca n't arrange that sort of thing . ''
carrie told me that meeting jason was the best thing that ever happened to her mother .
an open house on christmas eve is a lovely thing to do for the community . ''
the very first thing nate noticed when he walked into the bar on wednesday was that annie was not there .
` ` thing is , he kissed me . ''
` ` coming home to you , making love to you , it feels like the one thing i ' ve always been ready for . ''
it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
the only thing i ' m afraid of is a life without you , pigeon . ''
` ` you have this kind of thing happen a lot ? ''
this whole dinner thing was probably a mistake .
she almost felt like she 'd imagined the whole thing ; so great was her trust in him .
true , he was not marrying her himself , but it was no small thing he offered by promising a dower and a match .
i guess even a wolf knows a good thing when it comes across it , hmm ? ''
the only thing dulonget managed to plant was his palm on yer forehead as he held ye while ye tossed yer innards out . ''
the last thing he recalled was his incredible release , then sagging on top of her , too exhausted even to roll away .
the next thing willa knew , she was tucked up half beneath him with his leg cast over both of hers .
when one of the things i learned was that a man fitting garrod 's description had been seen in the area again , my blood ran cold .
` ` i merely wondered ... that thing you do to me , can it be done to you ?
i had to be the worst kind of person to even admit that cage york 's kiss had been the most mind - blowing thing i 'd ever experienced when josh had kissed me many times .
but damn if that was n't the hottest thing i 'd ever seen .
my heartbeat started that silly fluttery thing it did when he got near me .
you ' ve taken my pain and that 's no small thing .
she 'd warn her , most definitely , but the last thing she wanted was for grace to relive the horrors shea had gone through .
i ' ve noticed the same thing happen every time we ' ve asked you to leave the room .
but all that does n't explain one thing .
she saw the stick out of the corner of her eye , the one she 'd been reaching for when he 'd hit her , and the next thing she knew it was in her hand .
a twice - daily thing , like brushing your teeth . ''
so the next thing screwed up in your life is all this crap with jesse .
the next thing she knew , luc was gently shaking her .
the last thing she wanted to do was take her clothes off for a bunch of drunk , slobbering strangers again .
got ta say , i did n't picture you going for his tie-'em - down - fuck-'em - hard sort of thing . ''
suddenly , the thing she 'd long feared was the thing she wanted most .
the last thing tara wanted to do was give logan a reason to think he mattered , to presume for an instant that she 'd measured all lovers against him and found each lacking .
then he slammed the dungeon door behind them , and the last thing tara saw was shock and agony ripping across logan 's face .
do not be surprised if he slashes his own tires , then calls the police to blame such a thing on you . ''
never in a billion years would he have thought she and deke would be good for one another , but they 'd both seemed to flourish , their love almost a tangible thing .
the woman was grinding herself against the front of his running shorts , riding the hard ridge of his cock , the husky sounds spilling from her lips the sexiest damn thing he 'd ever heard .
the next thing she knew he had her trapped between his back and the wall , protecting her with his tall body , a gleaming black 9 mm gripped in his powerful hand .
her soft cry of pleasure only made him harder , the drenched heat of her plush , fist - tight little cunt the most perfect thing in the world he 'd ever felt .
the next thing lily knew , she was sitting up in bed , her throat hoarse from screaming , and ryder was rushing into the dark room dressed in his jeans , the door shutting behind him .
he could feel his expression tighten , the way she was smiling at him the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
the next thing she knew he was carrying her out of the shower , back into the bedroom , and tossing her into the middle of the mattress .
the whole thing was a blur , and i had no witnesses who could say i had n't killed anyone .
if there was one thing callie did n't allow , it was for anyone to see her with a bare face .
but one thing has me stumped .
it might be stupid , but the only thing that would make her happier would be to have sean cuddled up to her , too .
` ` when i hit baggage claim , the first thing i noticed was some big guy in a uniform .
callie saw the whole thing as senseless - her father 's murder , charlotte 's slaughter .
as it was , her passport had arrived first thing that monday morning and she and blake were arranging their departure for early wednesday .
` ` the only thing i wish for , vanessa , was that i 'd met samantha before meeting you . ''
the last thing he thought he 'd come home to after an appointment with his lawyer discussing a need for an heir was to hear his temporary wife declare she was going to have his child .
he lifted a package to his eye , did n't see a thing , and then held it to the light .
you probably remember the beer thing . ''
` ` the sad thing is that with al the running , i ' m not real y hungry anymore .
nothing that would have been good for her , which was exactly the way she liked her food first thing in the morning .
` ` listen , aidan , about last night , i- '' ` ` the wolf thing ?
that 's the first thing dad will ask about . ''
in our world , there 's no such thing as divorce .
he was strung so tight that the slightest thing could cause him to let fly with arrows of anger and frustration .
she 'd been so fascinated by his mouth descending on hers that she had n't wanted to miss a thing .
other females might be used to hearing this kind of thing , but she 'd spent a lifetime avoiding such conversations .
his ashes were scattered somewhere , and that was another thing luna deserved to know about .
one thing she would n't blame it on - falling in love with colin macdowell .
` ` there 's such a thing as being too conscientious . ''
but he hoped she knew that when he 'd mentioned the coffee , he wanted to remind her of the mug she 'd brought him first thing this morning , when all she 'd been wearing was a robe , and he 'd worn nothing at all .
` ` first thing monday morning . ''
duncan was so engrossed in the reunion that he did n't immediately notice that angela sapworthy had motioned her camera crew over so they could film the whole thing .
i ' m an expert at that kind of thing after keeping my mother in the dark for all this time . ''
` ` how could you possibly see such a thing ? ''
in a case like this , there 's no such thing as a small leak . ''
i want to know about this shifting thing . ''
` ` good thing i did n't lose this .
` ` the usual thing .
` ` my heart is broken , '' tiny says , as if the thing has never happened before to him , as if it has never happened before to anyone .
from tiny 's inflection , i ca n't tell whether the thing is fantastically hilarious or fantastically wonderful , so i just shrug .
the thing is that he and gary were together for a really long time and , like , they only broke up yesterday , but there 's a real spark . ''
me : i promised her i would watch this thing with her .
` ` oh my god , i love you , '' she says , and it must be close enough to true , because if she 'd said that a week before i would n't have thought anything of it , and now it hangs in the air forever until she finally bursts the awkwardness by saying , ` ` that would be a weird thing to say to someone you just started dating !
it 's absolutely amazing , the whole thing .
and the stupid thing was , when i saw it was gone , the first thing i thought was that she was afraid i 'd smash it .
gideon : i will file a lawsuit against the dictionaries first thing tomorrow morning .
everyone kind of shouts and does this thing where we raise up one hand to the ceiling , and then there are a lot of jazz fingers .
it 's the strangest thing ever .
his lip does that cute twitchy thing again .
i tell her about my foiled escape attempt , minus the hair pulling thing , and that the people here are really cool too ; it just took me a while to notice .
` ` he saw the whole thing , baby .
the man holds me tightly , and the last thing i remember is him whispering into my ear , ` ` i ' m sorry . ''
` ` ... it 's a very hard thing to witness .
it was exactly the kind of thing that would happen on an episode of the partridge family .
the last thing nina really remembered them doing together was the play .
the last thing meredith wanted to think about was what she should have said to her father , but there it was , a shadowy reminder of last night , standing beside her , whispering poison .
neither , though , had she thrown it away , and for a woman who kept so few mementos , it was an odd thing to have saved .
` ` to lose love is a terrible thing , '' mom said softly .
when he stood , the same thing happened .
the only good thing had been raine starting to bleed .
he 'd been unable to be thankful for a f**king thing .
` ` not a f**king thing , and it 's better if she does n't .
besides , her telling me that she loves me is only a recent thing .
` ` so , is the whole thing shots of me getting hit in the head with a dodgeball ? ''
` ` people know you ' ve got that thing with the obin , so they would n't think about it if it was just you , '' enzo said .
when it comes down to it , it might be the thing that makes a difference . ''
yes , it was a really inconvenient place and time to realize all of this , but these things happen when they happen .
and it was the worst thing i had ever seen .
the last thing i saw was gau pinning down lernin il while at the same time trying to keep his other advisors from beating the living crap out of him .
i ' m also told that the battle outside of the space station would have gone on longer than it did except that shortly after the first salvo of missiles a funny thing happened : an obin cruiser skipped into existence unsettlingly close to the conclave space station , setting off a series of proximity alarms to go with the attack alarms already in progress .
` ` having it volunteer could be a powerful thing , '' gau said .
maybe i was lying about the whole piercing thing . ''
she supposed she 'd have to deal with this sort of thing .
that was the sort of thing brenna was used to , though , so she did n't mind .
she did this sort of thing because she liked to get under his skin .
` ` because there 's no such thing , '' brenna exclaimed .
grant or brenna would notice her makeup and her tight sweater , and the last thing she wanted to do was field questions from them .
couple of dates , couple of kisses , one thing leads to another , et cetera . ''
she 'd always avoided that sort of thing before .
that had been the most intense thing she 'd ever felt .
that sort of thing just did n't happen .
she was the best thing that had happened to him in a long , long time .
she knew way too much about this sort of thing , more was the pity .
and the ironic thing is that it really is haunted . ''
` ` watch your step , '' she said , familiar with this sort of thing .
declan chooses to say nothing , just watching me as if it 's the most natural thing in the world .
the only thing better than steve finding me in declan 's arms would have been having jessica right next to him .
` ` yoga , '' i say , as if it 's the most natural thing in the world .
he almost offered to bring me , but the whole iv - in - the - arm thing and my mom 's screams about new zealand bees killing her daughter put a stop to that .
inside my white , billowy pretend cloud of escape , i wish i could go back to being five years old , when the worst thing that could happen to me was to have to wear the wrong colored ribbon .
the only thing worse would be to hate ice cream , and if i ever meet someone who does i 'll have to pull out the microchip embedded in their neck and scream , ` ` pod person ! ''
hand , wrist , tongue , taste buds , sorrow - filled heart ... ` ` so the whole twitter thing happens , '' amanda says in a contemplative voice .
the word did a really unholy thing to her insides .
and that was the saddest thing she ever knew because sometime in the last few hours , this had ceased to be ` ` pretend . ''
` ` they have dude ranches for that kind of thing . ''
` ` it 's the strangest thing , '' she said , turning to tap on her computer keyboard as if she hoped it might magically appear again .
` ` frankie , we do see this kind of thing from time to time . ''
` ` it 's a ... baseball thing , '' nate said .
` ` there 's some big baseball thing .
he opened the cover , and the first thing he saw was another picture , this one of a woman holding a baby .
` ` maybe she was friends with some chick you nailed five years ago , and that girl died and liza dreamed up this whole thing .
she held on to that thought until the limo driver pulled into the harbor on mimosa key and the first thing she saw was nathaniel ivory waiting on the dock next to the cabin cruiser she 'd been on yesterday .
and the next thing she knew , he had her flat on her desk .
` ` in fact , my aunt 's going to the baseball groundbreaking thing this afternoon to get a chance to see him . ''
` ` great , '' he said , smiling - another thing she would miss seeing when she left .
` ` good thing i ' m not leaving , then . ''
deep - blue eyes glinted with the knowledge of things she dreamed of experiencing , places she knew all about but never visited .
you see , the thing is , now that he finally figured out i ' m attracted to him , he assumes his hot body is so appealing it will render me incapable of working with him .
hearing her desire build was the hottest damned thing he 'd ever experienced and he had n't even had sex with her yet .
could the whole thing have been a hoax to divert their attention ?
when we split i gave her the tickets since the whole thing was my fault anyway .
right now it seemed the most important thing in the world to know , to find out from the ultimate test - his hands on her bare flesh .
blinking fast , he stared in shock at the last thing he expected , but the outcome his father had always feared most .
there was no such thing as a fairy - tale ending .
` ` that woman is the best thing that 's ever going to happen to you .
that kind of thing happens all too often when my dad has a high - profile case . ''
such a strange thing to remember now , especially when money was no longer an issue .
getting sent to that military boarding school was the best thing that ever happened to him .
` ` amazing , but i want that exact same thing from you now .
of course , pendleton was no expert on genetics - hey , who was ? -but even he doubted that the odds of this kind of thing occurring were very- ` ` pendleton ! ''
the strangest thing happened to kit as she was readying herself for dinner .
well , the whole thing just generated a very odd reaction inside her , one that felt strangely like ... happiness ?
it had been so long since she experienced such a thing , she 'd almost forgotten what it felt like .
it was n't like such a thing came as any surprise .
` ` maybe i 'll come down with joey and to that derby thing .
i did n't even find out about the clap thing until after graduation . ''
they 're not the kind of thing you get every day . ''
the next thing she knew , she was framing peyton 's face in her gloved hands and kissing him back with all the tenderness he was showing her .
whoever organized this thing must have come to chicago recently and did n't realize what kind of danger she was courting , ignoring ava .
no doubt ava had lots of friends attending this thing who owed her favors that could get done at a moment 's notice .
it was enough that he 'd convinced her to come with him to this thing .
the last thing dorsey 's gender needed was for some sweet , young thing like edie mulholland to hurl them all back into high heels and pearls .
` ` mack , if you were n't a married woman , i 'd take you away from all of this '' or some such thing .
maybe she really had dreamed the whole thing , she thought .
at first the group was mostly made up of women like her - wealthy , idle , husbands who are on the make , that sort of thing .
everybody comes to this thing .
that was always the hardest thing the corporate big shots had to get used to - surrendering all their dirty little business secrets .
she 'd only known to come here herself because , well , this sort of thing had happened at least once a week since chloe sandusky had come to live with them .
` ` i have a lot of experience with this kind of thing .
chapter five although he would have sworn such a thing would be impossible , leo 's second day at ashling turned out to be even stranger than the first .
` ` oh , the iq thing , '' he said modestly .
not because of ... uh ... that other thing i mentioned . ''
she had called his secretary the first thing the following morning to set up an appointment to see him .
only then did he remember what had started this whole thing , and , remembering all the trouble he 'd gone to to get it - not to mention the wonderful reward he 'd received as a result - he held up the book to inspect it .
` ` and what , pray tell , mrs . beecham , would be your explanation for such a thing ? ''
and the only thing worse than him telling the board what he thinks is going on is having them find out what 's really going on .
funny thing , though , '' he added , his voice softening more .
she 'd read about the creme de menthe thing in a magazine .
not to mention this was the sort of thing that could drag on for a very long time , something that could potentially drain everything she made anyway .
except for the rats thing , he could have been talking about her own past .
` ` you want me to go to this thing with you ? ''
and going to this thing alone would only illustrate that fact to everyone there . ''
` ` after blackmailing me to come to this thing , '' she said , ` ` are you going to stand in the hallway all night ? ''
this might be the sort of thing she wrote about in one of her books , but her fictional version was nothing compared to the real thing .
her head did that rearing back thing again .
and he did n't care that his civil , polite , socially acceptable friends saw him reverting to his street fighting ways to do it , or that the entire thing was being filmed for what would doubtless be the lead story on every eleven o'clock newscast in the city .
one there was only one thing that could make della hannan 's thirtieth birthday better than she 'd already planned for it to be , and it was a thing she had n't even planned .
the next thing i knew , i was being told i could n't go back to work , and that i was going to be placed into protective custody while the government took over the investigation .
` ` you know , anyone else would have been devastated by either one of those things , but even after suffering both , you still had the presence of mind , and the courage , to do the right thing . ''
` ` after this thing is over , the government is giving me a new i d .
the first thing she saw was carson 's back , because the woman had stepped in front of her .
the second thing she saw was how willoughby was reaching inside his open overcoat for what she knew would be a weapon .
because the next thing she knew , marcus was roping his arms around her waist and crushing her body against his , pulling her completely off the concrete .
and the awful thing was she felt a pang of hurt from his words .
and then a very strange thing happened .
` ` you know it was no such thing ! ''
once they 'd hit the road , noah said wryly , ` ` tonight was the sort of thing that passes as business entertainment among the wonder boys of high - tech .
the only good thing that had come out of the shooting was that the police would now be stationed outside the townhouse whenever allison was home .
once i moved in , one thing led to another ... . '' ` ` because we hit sparks off each other . ''
a beautiful thing that has n't happened to me , '' he said , his tone practically gleeful .
a beautiful thing that had finally happened to her .
the ironic thing was , now even work had ceased to matter as much .
of course , the whole thing had turned into a two - hour detour and by the time he 'd gotten home , elizabeth had been asleep .
` ` the silly thing is that my father loved having a daughter . ''
the second thing she noticed was ryan , sitting at the bar holding a beer , turned mostly away from her and the entrance .
` ` next thing you 'll be telling me that you 're getting serious about this elliott chick .
she also knew the last thing carter would want to admit was that he 'd been dumped by the heiress to the tremont fortune because he 'd been cheating on her .
her family had also been preoccupied with trying to save face with the assembled guests - to the extent such a thing was possible .
` ` well , this time you 're already married , so the only thing that can happen is- '' warningly , tamara gave a quick shake of the head .
of course , belinda thought , the only thing that people would remember now was tod and colin 's tense standoff .
and then- '' she snapped her fingers ` ` -next thing you know , you 're pregnant with his child and declaring yourself in love . ''
` ` it 's the most exciting thing that 's ever happened to me , '' she admitted .
` ` do you know it 's the most erotic thing in bed when your adorable speech tick is on full display ? ''
the only surprising thing was that pia herself was n't married .
` ` here 's the thing , babe .
he must have read my mind because the next thing i knew he was leaning in toward me .
i ' m going to have our attorney call the warden first thing tomorrow morning .
so i went to the police first thing this morning to get a restraining order against him . ''
the most surprising thing that came out of the meeting was that they planned to make the blu sierra dubai a seven star hotel to rival the burj al arab .
i must have had an unhappy look on my face because the next thing i knew sebastian was reaching across my desk and grabbing my hand .
one thing he knew for sure was that arianna harlow was n't getting away from him this time .
the same thing happened during world war i - those of you who continue in the history sequence will discuss that next semester .
the sad thing was that i did n't even care when i found out my mother had killed him .
this last date was n't really her fault , since her friend had set the entire thing up , but still ...
were such crimes such a common thing that no one was going to help ?
the crap thing is that i ' m not attracted to anyone but you , or so it seems .
the next thing lia knew , she was pressed up against the wall .
the very last thing she could remember was her friends encouraging her to dance with the waiter .
one thing she realized , though , was the fact that sex was n't a horrible thing .
he was a horrible monster , always playing tricks on rachel and i. i remember the worst thing he did was put a huge snake in my bed .
why does one bad thing keep happening after another ? ''
the last thing i remember was feeling like i was punched in the chest and then seeing blood on my shirt .
the man had just shot you , '' rafe 's father said as if it was the most natural thing in the world for rafe to attack a man aiming a weapon at his head .
kyla turned toward him , assuming that he was just joking , but he was staring at the christmas tree in awe , as if surprised he 'd had a part in making a thing like that happen .
and ... '' tanner had a lot of practice tuning this sort of thing out , and tune it out he did .
it was n't as if he had a lot of experience with this sort of thing .
it 's funny the things i remember , but i clearly recall those blue ceramic pots with purple flowers in them .
this kind of thing was for lucky people .
when i came home , it was the same thing here .
that had been the last thing he 'd wanted ... until he saw emily .
` ` i ' m a billionaire , and that 's the only thing you wish for ? ''
he 'd spent years of his life trying to stop that very thing from happening .
` ` but i did see the whole thing , and he is n't the brother i ' ve always known .
the martial arts thing was an accident .
` ` i think the only thing that 's ever truly terrified me is you leaving me . ''
` ` watching you come is the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he groaned as he pounded into her .
the barman nodded as if he heard that sort of thing all the time , and produced two beers without anyone asking .
` ` riding motorbikes , getting arrested , that sort of thing . ''
` ` yep , things to do , agents to suck up to , that sort of thing . ''
for the first time , annie wondered if he really enjoyed this sort of thing or whether it was all a carefully acted play .
` ` cuts , that sort of thing .